 It is hard to get through this book and get to know the characters well . Robson puts massive amounts of historical and visual details in her book and does n't develop the characters well . Also , their speech , although probably accurate for the time frame , makes it difficult to read as well . If you want to paint a picture of this time , read the book , but if you want a story , pass over this one .
 I loved RIDE THE WIND and other books by this author , but this one is a struggle for even a history lover to read . I appreciate the exhaustive research she obviously put into the book , but the details obscure the characters and make the novel dull , dull , dull . Unless there are well-developed characters , all the earthy language and descriptions of customs in the 17th century wo n't make an interesting book . This was supposed to be a historical NOVEL , was n't it ?
 Lucia Robson St.Clair 's novels have always been in the `` can hardly put it down '' catagory but this recent novel `` Mary 's Land '' set in early Maryland history was a struggle to read . The story began with the promise of another wonderful historical drama but after the main characters landed in the colonies and began their new life , the story started to wander and never seemed to find its footing again.I was discouraged but glad to read comments from other readers . I learned I was not her only fan who must have been shaking their heads and furrowing their brows as they struggled through this recent novel by a favored author .
 Since there is no off-Broadway commercial scene these days , this book is a time capsule.Don ' t waste your money.If you try to produce your show off-Broadway , you will waste much , much more !
 I admit I am a resident of the South - Alabama to be exact . But when I purchased this book , I sincerely wanted to read a story about sailing for a year in the Bahamas . Sadly , this book is more about a spoiled couple that spends about 25 % of the time telling you how scared they are about every aspect of the trip and 50 % of the time criticizing the social conditions of the `` South '' as they travel down the ICW on the East Coast . The other 25 % of the time is spent talking about random ideas with a few sentences of the sailing trip they are supposedly on . By page 70 I was tired of their liberal slant on a part of the US they claim to be `` from '' . Message to the author , I live in Birmingham . Rosa Parks made her heroic stand against racial injustice in Montgomery . Simple facts like this seem to be trivial to the authors who are more concerned with expressing their overall disgust with a South that has seemingly not changed much since the days of slavery . Well , I certainly would n't say everything is perfect here , but as the authors admit , nowhere is perfect . The Southeast is one of the fastest growing regions for economical development and changes are taking place . Birmingham does boast to be the birth place for Civil Rights and we have an excellent Civil Rights museum that I have taken the time to actually visit to learn of the past injustices with the hope that I will be part of a better place for all . I resent being lectured to by the main author who evidently loves his teaching job . And if he does want to lecture this Southerner , I would expect him to take time to at least learn some of the more major details of the Civil Rights movement.Very little sailing story . Lots of liberal opinions spewed forth as though they were facts when even his facts are wrong . If you want to read about a sailing story ... buy Sailing the Dream . I am going to return my copy of this book to the author . I may even take a red pen and mark all of his errors . I would give him a grade of `` F '' if I were his professor .
 Jerry Mashaw , a Sterling Professor at Yale , is a noted author and professor in the field of law . Had I known this fact it may have influenced my decision to purchase his book about sailing . If you 're looking for a book about Caribbean history and opinions this one may interest you . Jerry 's passion for the subject is overwhelmingly evident . If you 're interested in a good sailing story there are better alternatives . Seasoned by Salt is the typical sailing story of a couple who to leave their hectic daily lives and responsibilities on land to pursue the lifestyle of the cruiser . Regrettably , the story often sits in the doldrums while Jerry elaborates on everything from racial injustices of the south to the colonial history of the Caribbean . The key word here is `` elaborate '' . He provides a great historical background and then peppers the story with his opinion . The sailing adventure gets lost in the noise . Jerry 's other disdain is the presence of charters and cruise ships . Apparently , all cruisers carry this disdain and feel both have trespassed what rightfully belongs to the cruiser . Irony strikes when one of these cruise ships comes to the couples 's aid . Jerry still manages find something negative to interject . Anne 's journal entries were always enjoyable and too brief . Two stars - there 's a wonderful story in there if you can get past the distractions .
 As has been pointed out by other reviewers , this package of drivel is not very much about sailing the Caribbean . It is actually more about the very narrow and very liberal attitudes , opinions and beliefs of what may be typical of a Yale professor and his paramour suffering from a severe case of that Northeast Elite superiority and bias you hear about ! Obviously travel did not broaden their horizons . They obviously only found what their deeply entrenched preconceived notions prepared them to see . This was not what I expected and certainly not what I wanted from a book that was billed as `` A Voyage in Search of the Caribbean . '' They obviously made a sharp `` left turn '' somewhere in their `` search '' . Do n't waste your money , there are many other much better books that are more about actual sailing and less about man 's inhumanity to man , or whatever it was they whined about throughout this book . Well actually I did n't make it `` throughout '' this book , I had had enough well before the end and quit it . Why is n't there such a thing here as a Zero star rating ?
 Arrogant Yale law professor and equally annoying wife whine about the South , conservative thought , etc. , while onboard their sailboat . They could easily have written this book from their office .
 I was introduced to Eddings through the Belgariad , which held my interest because of its excellent character development . High Hunt is lacking in this aspect . I felt that the main character was written as though it was Eddings himself he was writing about . This is the only character that has any substance . The antagonist is the typical one-dimentional unlikable guy for 3/4 of the book , at which point he 's actually given some real human characteristics . It was too little-too late for this novel . It may be that this book comes too close to how real human relationships work . As characters of our own human dramas , we tend to fit most casual acquaintences into neat little packages . An unlikable relative , an edgy ex-marine , a prep , a fat guy . High Hunt reads like that . However , as a reader , I expect these characters to be developed . I 've got enough 1-dimensional relationships ; I do n't need to read about them . One positive was that Eddings ' humor is evident throughout this book , as it is through his others . There 's just not enough depth to High Hunt to make it a winner .
 Not a too great book , at least not nearly as good as `` The Malloreon '' , `` Elenium '' or `` Tamuli '' which are all very good books . Very exiting and reads easy !
 This book contained only the most basic information about Chihuahuas . Half the book 's content addresses Chihuahuas in particular ; the other half is a general guide to having a dog as a pet . It 's a formula guide , and not a very good one at that . The photos are even substandard .
 A lot of the book was based on any breed . In the training section , it was hard to understand what they were saying . I own two Chis of my own and thier behavior was not as nearly bad as the book described the attitude ! I might as read a book about German Shepards !
 Since you 're selling the book , I 'm assuming at some point you were hired by McKinsey & Company . Do you really feel that selling a book which the Firm urges we keep internal is a good idea ? If nothing , you should atleast respect the legacy of Marvin Bower in shaping the management consulting industry and refrain from buying a book that you really should n't have . Ethics drives this business , and should drive your actions as well .
 When I finally inquired as to why I had not received it , they told me it was out of stock .
 I downloaded the sample to read before buying this book , and found two ` typos ' in the first two pages . Why should Amazon recieve $ 7.99 for a book that they have zero investment in , and nobody to pay royalties to ? To issue these shoddy digital editions is terribly disrespectful to the author 's memory .
 I 'm a librarian so I was really excited to get this book for my daughter , who loves CG -LRB- 22 months -RRB- . But , the story is not at all interesting and is too long . When my daughter sees me pull it out , she actually says , `` Bleah . '' She might just be too young for it -- but she really likes the CG visits the zoo book .
 This book will embarrass the reader , as it is written in such a juvenile manner . All info in it is erroneously written as if it were told directly to the author by Mae West , when in reality it is a simple combination of research taken from several other Mae West bios . The author claims to have been a close personal friend and secretary of Mae Wests , which has since been wildly refuted by readers and many of Wests real secretaries of the time . Some very rare photos , but most can be found in any store on Hollywood Blvd. . The book is incredibly over priced as well .
 Answer
 i ordered Little TOWN on the prairie for a good friend . i got little HOUSE on the prairie , because they are a sweet and wonderful person , my firend didnt mind , turns out they needed that one too . but it wouldve been nice to get the product i ACTUALLY ordered !!!!!! i was extremely disappointed with this order and the product i got !!!!!
 I am rating thisbook in reference to the abridged edtion this is . The Laura Ingalls books are classics , and its sad how they are cutting them short in these cheap imitations .
 There were a few decent pieces of information , but overall I was not very impressed . Some of the content was OK , but the grammatical errors and different writing styles made it a very disappointing read . There were four different authors which contributed to the flow problems , and it was obvious that some of the chapters were more poorly written than others . In addition , it did n't seem like anyone even proofed the book . I can understand a few errors , but I found myself re-reading sentence after sentence trying to understand what words were missing , misspelled or out-of-place . The chapter on transactions was pretty decent . I liked the information on compensating transactions , which I had heard called three phase commit previously . The chapter on UDDI was pretty decent as well . I was disappointed in the last chapter on Event-Driven Architecture . It just seemed to be a hodge-podge catch all of the author 's thoughts without much meat .
 These folks use my book , `` How to Open Locks With Improvised Tools '' in their work . They stated that my book was published by Harper Collins in 1997 . The first version , `` Lock Bypass Methods '' was published in 1998 , and the version they cite was published in 2001 , by Level Four Publications . The title page , including contact info in my book , is concise and clear . Harper Collins has never touched it . No , they did n't ask permission for use , and there are so many spelling and grammatical errors that it is obvious they cut corners in other places , too . Since they 're happy to invent spurious references when the real thing is readily available , I would n't hold much faith whatever else they cranked out . I 'm sorry my name shows up in their shoddy work .
 Professors , please , please do not assign this book for your students . I 'm currently using it for a pediatric audiology class , and I 've been disappointed.I have two major criticisms of this book :1 . It is poorly formatted . It 's true that it has headings and some bulleted lists , but they generally are not helpful . There are no bold terms , as are seen in most texts . The index is great , but there is no glossary . The fonts and paragraph style are dense and hard to access . I 'm a senior with a 4.0 GPA
 I found this book a little too technical . They have a lot of pictures of fish disections to show the effects of disease . I would rather just have a book with pictures of sick fish that are still alive . I need that sort of info to figure out what my fish may have .
 I loved Desalvo 's Crazy in the Kitchen and was very eager to read this book , as both my sons have asthma . However , I found this read extremely irritating . Of course , one can only write from one 's own perspective , but Desalvo 's perspective on asthma is so very different than that of so many asthma sufferers , young children . She seems overly involved in her own illness , and fascinated by her own symptoms , which do not seem terribly severe to me . Mainly , however , I was annoyed by her view of asthma as a illness caused by emotional trauma -- a view that has long been discredited . Certainly it 's a more interesting topic to write about than it would be to attribute asthma to traditional medical causes , and it allows her to explore asthma in literature , but it also reminds me of those bashing `` refrigerator mothers '' for autism . I think her asthma could be quite easily explained in part by living near NYC and driving through polluted air each day , and working in a closed building near smokers.I think this book should be seen as a survey of asthmatics in literature , and not in any way as a depiction and explanation of asthma as a disease .
 With all due respect to Mr. Damer , this book is basically an introduction to what Avatars and Virtual Communities are . Mr. Damer provides a guided tour of several online communities . One or more of thewe worlds no longer exist . This is another example of web-time and how difficult it is to publish a book with a technology topic . I found the book very basic . Visit his web site to learn all you need to know and be introduced to the awesome online worlds ... and save some money .
 The book provided little insight or information about these virtual worlds , and completely failed to enlighten the reader as to the technology which made these worlds interesting . It provided an basic overview of the worlds , a brief history , and how to manuever around in them , however this failed to give any substance to the writting.As the author notes in the forward , this was his first attempt at writting , and it clearly shows as entire text was written at an elementary school level . This made the reading uninteresting as well as uninformative.For those uninitiated with the Internet , virtual worlds , or any other form technology , this might serve as a good spring board . However , if the -LRB- to be -RRB- reader is looking for anything more than a general overview , I would recommend finding a different source from which to learn .
 Really , a hopelessly outdated book even at the time it was published . Mr. Damer fails to consider the online gaming community and how it is the GAMING COMMUNITY which will enable the Internet to truly become a 3D universe . A quick look at Mr. Damer 's web site -LRB- www.Damer.com -RRB- also reveals how Mr. Damer just does n't `` get it '' ... he is still attempting to push the concept of `` avatars '' through his `` company . '' Maybe Bruce should load up a copy of Counterstrike or Unreal Tournament and see what the future of `` avatars '' and the Internet will really be in the near future .
 This book , while containing much useful information , treats the reader as a purile infant . If you know nothing about computers , the Internet , and Cyberspace ... and you enjoy being condescended to then this is the book for you !!!
 If you 're expecting Mark Twain 's usual funny and cheerful stories , stay away from this one . * Spoiler alert ! * The ending is simply sad .
 I only got this to test my new Wi-Fi . And , while the writing style is brilliant , the story-line left me feeling , well , depressed .
 Wow , talk about sad . In all seriousness , I can hardly remember what happened in this story because it was so awfully sad that I must have blocked it all out .
 I generally like Mark Twain 's writing , and I love dogs , so I though it would be an enjoyable book . It is not . It is a horrible , horrible book and I will have to spend many a day trying to get the words out of my head . I 've almost been thinking that someone must have typed it in wrong , or something happened to the text in order for it to be considered a story in the first place . If you read it expect to be greatly saddened and horrified.Terrible .
 This story is not at all the type of story I have come to associate with Mark Twain . It starts out interesting , and quickly goes down hill . If you are an animal lover , I would avoid this sad tale . The problem with the story is that not only is it sad , it also has hints of a reality that any animal lover will abhor . I ca n't tell you more than that without telling the tale.The copy was fine , the story was not .
 Do n't buy this book ! The stories , of course , are classic Mark Twain - one of the most thoughtful , humorous , and clear thinking writers ever born . But the Bantam edition is unreadable.To save money , the margins run from 1/4 to 1/8 an inch . Not too bad on the outside edges , but on the inside edge near the spine the words are nearly hidden by the curve of the page . Either you break the spine to read the words , or you are forced to slide your thumb along the inner edge to reveal Twain 's words . Find another edition .
 This was a horrible , horrible story of cruelty . I see no redeeming features to this story in the slightest . If you are an animal lover , this little tale will wrench your heart and will not easily be forgotten . It has to be Mark Twain 's worst and I can not figure out any reason a talented witty man would write such a pointless story of such cruelty .
 Although this starts as a charming and whimsical tale , by the end it has deteriorated into a horror story . Do n't waste your time with this one .
 DO NOT GET THIS HORRIBLE BOOK !!! IF YOU WANT A FUN BOOK TO READ , THIS IS THE WRONG ONE !!!! I READ 3 CHAPTERS AND IT IS UNBEARABLE !!!!! IT IS SO SAD AND TERRIBLE !!!!!! DO NOT GET THIS BOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NEVER CONSIDER GETTING THIS BOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! CONSIDER THIS REVIEW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 the book has no plot and unlike another reveiw this book is only one sucky story I bought it because they said it was good but its not I only gave it one star because i had to Iwish I could give it 0 stars
 it 's a trick , do n't read it.definitely put it down when the family goes on vacation .
 terribl
 First let me explain that this book was only -79 - pages long but it still cost me as much as a 200 page paperback . They even paginated the resource pages and the author pages , which brings the actual content of the book down to just 68 pages . And this was the `` Expanded Version '' . I was both surprised and disappointed , but thought well , perhaps good things come in small packages.So I flipped through and first noticed that there is no table of contents and no index making it not very user friendly even for someone without ADD.The sections are only 1-2 pages long , which is good if you ca n't maintain focus for long , but this book is just a rehash of info available in other ADD and parenting books . It was a waste of my money and I was disappointed.I need someone to tell me how to stay focused and on task when I am continually pulled off-track by my kids . This book did n't help.How do I stick to a schedule when I CA N'T set one up to begin with ? This book did n't help.How can I help my kid learn to handle frustration when I am also easily frustrated by his temperament ? This book did n't help.How can I make decisions in the store when my kids are either distracting me or running off ? This book did n't help.How can I keep my kid from wandering off at the zoo while I am distracted with the exhibits and the friends we came with ? This book did n't help.How can I maintain focus in a conversation and not forget what I was talking about 2 seconds ago when I am continually interrupted because my kid ca n't remember to not interrupt ? This book did n't help.My advice ; keep your money and try another resource . Maybe spend it instead on a session with an ADD specialist who also happens to be an ADD mom , because this book ... well , you know .
 This book began with an interesting concept
 I have read many books on WWII from many perspectives and have been to visit the D-Day beaches four times . I can not visit the American graves in Normandy without being moved . Twice I have had the experience of hearing taps played near Omaha Beach . I have the utmost respect for all those who fought and died . I had high expectations for the book . My problem is that the book never finds its voice . At times it is the four star general writing with his perspective of high and at other times it is the young colonel leading his men . I wanted to hear more from this man . Just as he starts to share , the general leaps in and throws off the narrative . Let the colonel talk about his artillery missions and show me more of how his experience was different . -LRB- A few photos and maps would be nice -RRB- . If the general needs to talk , give him a separate chapter at the end of the book . We hear from the privates and generals but not the majors and colonels . Their voices could add to the history . I wish the colonel would have spoken for them .
 The picture and Book Description list all 19 Out and About with Pooh books , but when we received our order only the first book `` Good as Gold '' came . This is clearly a scam . Stay away ! We have submitted a request to return the book .
 I am fifteen and I do n't want to die , written by Christine Arnothy , was an interesting yet very hard book to understand . The author did not give enough detail most of the time about the events that were happening in her life . It was very hard to follow . I found myself putting off reading this novel because my interest just was n't there . I really would not recommend reading this novel in less you are into difficult reading .
 This book was very interesting . The topic at least . Most of the Characters were not described in detail so it was hardly ever sad . Th plot skipped around alot so unless you can understand difficult reading I would not recommend it .
 The new version of Christine Arnothy 's book is not currently available in the United States , but is available to purchase on UK Amazon . It has been translated to English from French . I was sent a new copy.The frist half of the book is well written and very good . Christine describes where whe was living during the seige of Budapest . She is living in the cellar of their apartment house with several other tenants . They are starving and scared of the Russians who threaten to invade at any moment . She is desdcrives her plight in great detail with wonderful imaging.Her family escapes to the country and lives in their country home for 3 years . At this time she is 18 . For some unknown reason they must leave in a hurry taking practically nothing with them.As the book goes on , the story becomes bland . She constantly complains about her employment and her first husband . The story ends with her giving birth to their daughter . In the afterword , she only talks about her second husband and son . Also , in the afterword , it becomes very confusing as she describes more about the things she wrote about in the main part of the book , but they are completely different . I am not sure if something was lost in translation or if it is purposely written this way . This is more of a refugee story than a story of wartime survival . The story starts at the end of the war and 60 % of the book is about after the war and how irritated she is with her husband and employment and how she longs to be a writer.I would have rather had a bit more pre-war background on the family , why they had to leave Budapest , and what her parents ended up doing . She goes into no detail about how she and her first husband part ways or how she meets her 2nd husband . Not even in the dedication in the front of the book does she mention her daughter , only her son . Very odd indeed .
 In my opinion , this book is next to useless . The book is suppodded to tell `` what 's it really like to be a cop '' , but it does n't deliver . There are lots of stories told by Chicago cops , but these stories are really just anecdotes ; the shortest are just one or two sentences long . You just ca n't tell much in two sentences.Another problem is , the book is arranged in topics . In practice this means that a cop after cop is telling you that `` you do n't forget your first corpse '' , and this goes on page after page , until the author moves on to another topic . It would be much more interesting , if there were about two or thee dozen stories in the book , each 5-10 pages long that you could read like a short story . But the way this book is written , it simply is not interesting to read , and you do n't get much from reading it .
 It 's wonderful that this broad decided to work as a cop to lend her books authenticity , but I do n't buy it .
 All of the authors in this anthology are on my autobuy list but I 'm afraid that I am forced to agree with most of the other reviewers when I say that with the exception of Jaid Black 's story this book was a big disappointment . I 'm not going to write a storyline description for each book because many other reveiwers have already done so . Sherrilyn Kenyon 's story was worth reading but in my opinon really not up to her usual outstanding books . I have to say though that my biggest disappointment was with Melanie George 's story . I love Melanie George 's books . They have a place on my keepershelf but I had a hard time believing that she wrote this story . The hero of the story , Donovan , came off as a selfish , self-serving jerk and he was never redeemed at anytime in the story . In fact , I found myself almost hating him . I can only hope that this is a fluke by Melanie George and she will be back to her normal writing in her next book . However people who have n't had a chance to read this book wo n't be disappointed if they pick this book up for Jaid Black 's story . I 'll be adding this book to my keepershelf because of Jaid Black 's story alone .
 `` Tie Me Up , Tie Me Down '' consists of 3 short stories , and none of them are really worth the price of the book . The Melanie George offering -LRB- `` Promise Me Forever '' -RRB- left me wondering what the heck I 'd just read . The character development was seriously lacking . I honestly did n't care how the story ended , because the actions of the protagonists were just ridiculous . The male lead had no redeeming features . Just because someone apologizes for being a jerk does n't mean they wo n't be a jerk again in the future . It did n't work for me.The Jaid Black story , `` Hunter 's Right '' was typical Jaid Black nonsense . Note to author
 I bought this for Sherrilyn Kenyon 's piece , and have to say all of the stories are entertaining . Am I glad that I read them ? Not really.Kenyon / MacGregor is an auto-buy for me . And while I enjoyed her story the most , I feel as though this `` BAD '' series in no way compares to her Dark Hunters . I know that they 're two totally different storylines but , if I later found out that she really did n't write this series , I would n't be surprised . Not to mention , it would be better to just buy her `` Born to be BAD '' where you get this novella plus the previous two at the grand ` ole price of $ 7.50 . After having read the prior reviews , it 's funny that most people disliked Melanie George 's `` Promise Me Forever '' so much , while I found it to be an average read . I did n't find the heroine to be a push over , and I did n't think the hero did anything out of character . After making a mistake he decided to rectify it . The timing was poor , considering it was the eve of her wedding to another . Nothing very memorable with this one , but that 's better than disappointment , which is what I got with the third story.As far as Jaid Black 's contribution is concerned , while it was well written and will stay with me unfortunately , it was the worst piece in my opinion . Yes , we get lots of hot sex scenes but with no ... emotion , tenderness . The world the author created , while well thought out , reads more like a nightmare that the heroine never really gets to wake up from . I love alpha hero 's but this guy is just too much . The heroine is debased and humiliated at every opportunity . In my opinion , what could have been a very interesting premise , turned out to be a setting compiled totally for the opportunity to incorporate sexual situations that I found to be extremely distasteful . Nude women , captured , plucked , and sold on an auction block was just the beginning of the ugly mess . If you want to read great erotica I would recommend Lora Leigh and Sarah McCarty .
 Reading Jaid Black 's novella , Hunter 's Right , was a real treat . In fact , it is the only good novella in the Tie Me Up , Tie Me Down anthology . I am a big Black fan since I read The Possession and I admit that am partial to her work , but her scrumptious tale stands out among the three stories in this book . Ronda Tipton is a Corporal of the US Army . The chopper she is in crashes , leaving her as the only survivor in the collision . Alone in the middle of the Arctic Circle , she discovers a secret civilization of Vikings . The men in this alternate place sell women in auction blocks , branding them properties of the men who buy them . Ronda could not go back to normal civilization . And she may not want to after she meets Nikolas Ericsson . Sherrilyn Kenyon 's Captivated by You is the second part of a series . I thought the story of a female undercover agent and her feelings for her fellow partner was n't all that hot . I did not like Melanie George 's Promise Me Forever at all . I thought the heroine was quite pathetic and too much of a conformist.As said earlier , and as another reviewer pointed out , Jaid Black 's novella is the only saving grace in this anthology . The others have little or no heat . I think Pocket Books has exaggerated the whole erotica concept of this book . The stories were not that erotic . Even Jaid Black 's novella read like a toned down The Empress ' New Clothes -LRB- her hot Ellora 's Cave novel -RRB- . All in all , if you are in the bargain for some steamy romantica , check out the Ellora 's Cave anthologies . I 'd suggest you skip this one unless you 're a big fan of one or all of the authors here .
 Or at least it does n't compare at all to what I 've previously read . The first two stories are like any Harlequin short story . The handcuffs added a touch of humor to the stories and the abduction , if it can be called that , was pretty mild mannered.The biggest disappointment was the Jaid Black story . The first few chapters were good , the plot , the leading lady , but after the Hunter claimed his `` rights '' to marry , it turned into a disaster . The dialogue was crude and uninspired . It felt like being catapulted into a bad parody of an x-rated movie . Before trying to sell this anthology as Erotica , the publishers should have researched the subject by reading an Emma Holly book , or a Black Lace novel .
 The title is very attention grabbing . And Sherrilyn Kenyon is a `` must buy '' for me , and will always remain so . While I usually stear clear of anthologies , with Kenyon 's name on the book , I could n't resist.Romantica , no . Fluff , yes .
 I like all of these authors , but this book had very little to offer in the way of erotic romance . Do n't bother
 I have been waiting to be able to purchase this for weeks now , but the item is `` under review '' . I 've contacted Amazon support staff who seemingly made no effort to investigate the issue directly , or suggest a time at which it might become available for purchase again . I 'm very disappointed and frustrated by this situation , and the lack of useful customer support . Please attend to this issue as soon as possible .
 The product itself comes nicely , but there is alraedy writing and highlighting in the novel , which is a major bother when reading it
 I bought this so my learning disabled students could read along in class with the play . However the sound is so low and the actors speak way too quickly for them to understand .
 Another ` classic ' about the Salem Witch Trials . Like most classics , it sucks . The crazy Puritans accuse and argue each other . Then they go to court to argue and accuse different people . Then everyone gets hung . The end .
 All you people who think this work accurately represents the historical context of the `` Red Scare '' really need to join the rest of us in the 21st century . Earth to readers - the Communists were invading our government . All this hysteria against those who sought to keep that invasion from happening is so misplaced it would be funny if it were n't so dangerous.Try catching up with what has been learned since the 1950 's . A good place to start would be learning what the Venona Intercepts were and what they showed . They proved conclusively that the Communists were highly infiltrated into the US State Department and that many knew they were at the time the so called `` Red Scare '' was taking place . That was the reason there was so much effort put in to rooting out these influences.Then you could read up on what was learned from the KGB archives after the fall of the Soviet Union . All the heroes of the left like Alger Hiss and the Rosenbergs were guilty as all get out . There is concrete evidence to back this up.If you are one of the people still railing against the `` Red Scare '' you are proving you have n't learned a thing in the last 50 years . The left in the US has so much credibility staked on these issues that many refuse to admit the obvious truth but it is the truth anyway . Anyone who continues the hysterical crusade against those who sought to root out communism from the US government might as well be screaming that the earth really is flat . You would be just as wrong as the members of the Flat Earth Society were when they were ignoring mountains of evidence .
 Have not read the book or seen the play . However , in reviewing the item in light of the fact that the local High School is putting on the play , I am struck by a common theme many of the other reviewers have touched upon . That being some common thread between witch trials and Joe McCarthy . McCarthy was many things , many of them bad . However , the substance of his claims were far more right than wrong . America , including many high offices in the government , of the 1940 's and into the early 1950 's was substantially infiltrated by Communists . That fact is provable by records opened to the public after the fall of the USSR .
 I went into this play with an open mind and a sort of delight for anything to do with history but I was EXTREAMLY disappointed !! It was boaring from page 1 to the end . So do yourself a favor and rent the moive before you read the book . Trust me you 'll thank me for it later . If not , make sure you have a pillow with you when you open to that first page .
 `` The Crucible '' is about a fascinating time in America 's early history
 This book is an alright book to read , if you were acting it out in Drama . If the book was written in regular form , then it would be good for the classrooms . This book was interesting to read but hard to understand . You had to some what jump back and forth between people talking . I feel for the people who had to be put in the concentration camps , and were forced to work against their will just to keep their family members alive . I do not think that people have a right to degrade other humans beings of their own kind or culture .
 Disclaimer
 I did n't like this book at all !!! I think Arthur Miller tried to be like Shakespeare with this novel in combining high quality drama with torn love and also integrate more feuds into the poor plot of The Crucible in order to add fuel to the fire and of course we ca n't forget the difficult language as well as the detailed summaries as feedback to the reader on what he/she missed ... The play only basically had two lines , in my opinion , throughout the whole novel ... `` you 're a witch '' and `` you slept with my husband '' that 's all the novel was about yet there was no build up to these accusations ... they just came out of thin air and I could care less about people being witches and affairs between people whose relationship is rocky from the start ... I strongly urge you to not read this book ... if you have to read this play for school , GET CLIFF NOTES because I can guarantee you that you will fall asleep right away at the slow moving action from this poor excuse of a classic !
 This book did n't help me in the least bit . I tried and triedto see if I could understand this book but it just was n't enough . Theplot is basically the same throughout the story with people justaccusing each other of witches which I thought was pretty lame . I didhowever like the ending but the ending wo n't make my rating go up to 2stars . This book is harder to understand than a Shakespeare novelwhich to me is extremely hard . I would n't recommend this book toanybody .
 All of these reviews appear to apply to the L.A. Theater Works reading of The Crucible . I wanted to read reviews about the Lincoln Center version . Co-mingling can be confusing . The Lincoln Center is unabridged and the reviews for the L.A. Theater Works make it sound abridged . I wonder if this review will end up in the L.A. Theater Works version reviews as well .
 It was an ok book . Some parts were interesting , but some parts were left to be desired . It was a bit complicated too , too many characters , kind of hard to follow along . But other than that , it was pretty good .
 I bought this cd set to read the play along with my students . It 's very theatrical and there are a lot of sound effects . The actors go so fast , that it 's hard to follow along if you 're reading the play . There 's a lot of mumbling , sighing , heavy-breathing . Anyway , if you are wanting to just listen to it , this is a great purchase . If you want to read along , I would try a different cd set .
 I was hoping to use this in my 11th grade class to go along with the text of The Crucible , but there 's just no way . The readers certainly do express the emotions in the scenes , but it 's pretty overstated . Did they record this whole thing in a sauna , or something ? Enough with the heavy breathing ! If you just want to listen to it for your own purposes , it 's great , but in a classroom , expect your students to feel awkward and make jokes about how some parts sound like a bad porno .
 THE CRUCIBLE is a book about the Salem witch trials . The Salem witch trials are an interesting topic , but this book disturbs the events . This book bored me and it kept on talking about Satan . Why did it have to keep on talking about Satan ? It would 've been fine if the author would have just explained the hysteria that occured at the time , and not waste the reader 's time by reading about Satan and Satan 's power .
 I understand that `` The Crucible '' serves as an allegorical attack on McCarthyism and Black Listing and I praise Arthur Miller for his wonderful use of allegory in the Salem Witch Trials . I personally , had a hard time reading this piece of drama . It was forced reading for English class and I may have found it more interesting if we , as a class , read it aloud with different students reading different parts , etc. . However , my English teacher felt it best to assign an act a night leaving me confused and tired . I did n't find the story that interesting .
 I do n't think i have hated many books more than this one . The writing , syntax , diction and those aspects were okay , but the stupidity of the characters was so frustrating that I destroyed the book and returned it to my English teacher in pieces . I do n't recommend this book .
 It 's an entertaining fantasy , but the fact is we now know beyond any doubt -LRB- see Venona -RRB- there were hundreds of Communist spies at all levels of our government . Every single person McCarthy identified as a Communist was , in fact , a Communist and far from having their lives ruined , most went on to prestigious positions at Leftist-leaning institutions . If anything , McCarthy was n't zealous enough . Yet to this day , he is reviled by Leftists and their sympathizers , his very name a malediction . Where are the mea culpas from the supporters of I.F. Stone and Walter Duranty , both proven Soviet propagandists complicit in covering up tens of millions of murders ? Where is the morality play that teaches us mass starvation of civilians is a terrible weapon and those who cover for murderers are no better themselves?It 's time for Americans to recognize the truth
 I never received this product . I was told it was mine and that it was shipped . Then I was told it was not mine and then it never came . I had to purchase the book somewhere else . So I am probably not going to order anything from amazon again . Time will tell
 It 's an entertaining fantasy , but the fact is we now know beyond any doubt -LRB- see Venona -RRB- there were hundreds of Communist spies at all levels of our government . Every single person McCarthy identified as a Communist was , in fact , a Communist and far from having their lives ruined , most went on to prestigious positions at Leftist-leaning institutions . If anything , McCarthy was n't zealous enough . Yet to this day , he is reviled by Leftists and their sympathizers , his very name a malediction . Where are the mea culpas from the supporters of I.F. Stone and Walter Duranty , both proven Soviet propagandists complicit in covering up tens of millions of murders ? Where is the morality play that teaches us mass starvation of civilians is a terrible weapon and those who cover for mass mega-murderers are no better themselves?It 's time for Americans to recognize the truth
 i thought the movie was so stupid that i went to sleep instead of watching it !!!
 I was first assigned the Crucible to read in my English class , and every single page was torture . I hated this book with the intensity of a thousand suns . From the get-go the book is more caught up in describeing the situatin than the characters and often gets way off subject . Also many of the characters are so far-fected it is hard to take this book seriously . Many of the characters , like Abigail Williams , are so caught up in their lies that they are believe them and the play is more about a mentaly unstable , oversexed girl , and a guy who dose n't know how to keep it in his pants.Also durring the play , many of the characters , like Tituba , just drop out and you do n't know what happened to them . I also found the plot to be extermly dull and lacking real thought . The main idea of the play is the main character , Abigail Williams , is so caught up in revenge on the wife of the guy that she got into bed that she goes crazy . The entire village of Salem say that her madness is caused by the devil , and Abibail uses that to her advantage and manipulates them to believe her far-fecthed story about being bewithed by the devil and her lies got nineteen people and two dogs hung . Even though this play was meant to mirror the Red Scare that was going on when Miller wrote this and represent the real Salem Witch trials , I found this play boring and had a lack of plot and characters.I would not recomend this play for a monkey to read , and the main reason I held it together when reading this was my English grade was depending on that book , and it was short . Do n't waist your money .
 I was forced to read this for school . So I did not enjoy it as much but it was a well written play and if you like to read Puritan English this is a good one to read .
 shipping time is longer than other book seller . i received the books after 3 weeks i ordered . Typically i receive books from other seller in a week .
 The printing is of poor quality , some pages are genuinely difficult to read . Since I was unable to view pages on the website I was unaware of the print quality . I would choose a different edition , if I had it to do again .
 How incredibly dull ! What poor character development ! Miller has to develop his characters through long , boring paragraphs instead of just allowing them to speak and define their personalities that way . This guy should take a hint from Shakespeare -LRB- specifically , Romeo and Juliet , Julius Caesar -RRB-
 I bought this to use with my basic 11th English class . It goes too fast , skips and rearranges lines , and is too hard to follow . At the end of one reading , several students left the class saying that they had no idea what the play was about so far .
 While this version is a fine audio production , it is labeled incorrectly as the unabridged version . There are several parts that are edited out . I purchased this one as a supplement to the unabridged version in my classroom . However , it simply is no the unabridged version . If you do want this version , you could download this version from itunes in a matter of minutes rather than waiting for it to ship .
 This was supposed to be an unabridged version . It is not . Thus , the audio is not helpful when trying to use it while reading the play -- there is nothing like missing whole sections of the play while trying to find where the cast has skipped to next . Also , the way that the characters are interpreted make the Puritans out to be cartoonish . Perhaps , that is the way that some view the Puritans -LRB- or other highly religious people -RRB- , however , when combined with some of Miller 's lines -LRB- which can at times come across like a bad church play -RRB- , the characters lack genuineness . As someone with a theater background , I kept on wondering what Abigail 's character would be liked if played straight . Anyway , the main thing , be aware that you are n't buying the entire play .
 I thought this book was an interesting peice . It showed the emence superstition that the people in salem had during these times . I thiught it was good except fot the fact that the judges believed the girls over the rest of the people accused.over all it was a good read
 So far has n't been able to keep my attention . Bought it because our high school is doing a play about this book and wanted to get scoop on story . Hope the play keeps my attention better than the book has .
 this book is really boring ! yeah it has a good point to it but i t was way to long !
 how can authur miller create such a ridiculus story and so many stupid characters
 I ordered this book for my sons class , and after no response to my order from the seller , I took it upon myself to ask what was the hold up , but it was too late , my son got a very low grade because the seller neglected to inform me in a timely manner that they could not find this book . The bookstores around here were all out becuase of the high demmand for the school district.I recommend that no one buys from this seller .
 Yes , I know , I know , it 's a major classic by one of America 's greatest playwrights . But it was just plain ole BORING.Read Miller 's `` A View From the Bridge '' -LRB- my fave of his -RRB- or `` Death of a Salesman , '' to understand what all the fuss about Miller is .
 This novel takes place in 1600 's Salem , Massachusetts . Abigail Williams , along with several other women from the village , have been accused of witchcraft . If they do not admit to these accusations , they will be hanged . I believe the theme Miller is trying to convey throughout this novel is hysteria . People are accusing these women of crimes for which they have no proof of their guilt . The major conflict in the book is that society is too accusatory . Everyone is guilty by association in their eyes . Miller uses metaphors throughout the novel to allow you to visualize objects better in your mind . I did not like this novel because it 's characters are too suspicious and unreasonable . They threaten people with death if they do not admit to crimes they did n't commit . It 's crazy ! The novel itself was just depressing to me . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 This was a very very bad bad boo
 According to Wikipedia , Mazo de la Roche 's 16-book Jalna series was quite popular and successful when it was first published in the 1940s . And the raw ingredients for a good story are there
 The seller indicated that this was a hard cover book , which is what I was looking for -LRB- Coffee table Book -RRB- . The book I recieved was not a hard cover as described . I was disappointed .
 Here are my thoughts on this book.Pros
 This book is ok but youre better off taking notes from a class or another who already passed
 I bought this book because it was significantly cheaper than any other review book . Boy , what a waste of money ! A friend lent me the EIT review manual -LRB- twice the price -RRB- and although it is not perfect it is far , far better . Each chapter in this book seems to be written by a different author . There is no consistency in the type , style or level of review . The thermo chapter for example assumes that you remember what every symbol in every equation represents without first providing a table or list . The reason I am using this book is that I DONT remeber what u , q and w represent . After slowly trying to make sense of the chapter I skipped to the end and found a table with each symbol listed . Am I meant to tear it out so that I can use it on every page?Some of the review is ok but I dont think any of the authors have taken the EIT in a long time . The problems seem very unlike the EIT style problems I have found online and in other review manuals.I would NOT purchase this book again and if I could return it and get my money back I would . If all you want is a quick , cheap overview of the exam material then get this book . If you want something that provides a bit of explaination or tutoring , avoid this book .
 Loydd Alexander is a wonderful writer , however this book is by far the worst in the series . The main charactor Tarran looks for his realatives to find if he is of noble birth . All in all this book was strange and had little plot developement and action .
 The information is quite a general introduction to finches . But it is well worth the small price for the nice glossy embossed photographs of several species . Worthwhile to have as a handy photo reference on the shelf .
 The many good customer reviews encouraged me to buy this book , with one eye pointing at women stories and one pointing at knowledge of other cultures and different realities . Although the book is well written and the story engaging , its placement in the desert seems arbitrary and not faithfull to geographical and gender reality = I did not learn anything new about the desert and Islam , nor about women . It was a nice , easy to consume fuilleton .
 You could retrieve the same info from any search engine . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS BOOK . To the customer from Rhode Island that was looking for wine on the internet this book does not even mention Winebid.com or WineAuction.com the two largest internet wine auction houses .
 This book was nothing more than a print-out of a web search . It contains no useful information in addition to a listing of auction sites . Since the auction picture is changing every day , it is even outdated . This is a good example of someone trying to make a quick buck off the internet .
 I ordered this book for sentimental reason . However when I opened the book I was very disappointed , it was less than acceptable . All of the picture have been ripped out . I would never order from here again . .
 Obviously being a breast thumping member of MENSA does not automatically mean one posesses side splitting humor . This novel is nothing if it is n't less funny and less creative than the original novels.Relying only on the most obvious gags , this novel makes `` Three 's Company '' style humor out of an already humorous series . The only things missing here are canned laugh tracks and a sailor who yells , `` DY NO MITE ! `` I recommend reading the originals again for some real good laughs , and investing the money in something a bit more intelligent and a lot less self promoting .
 I love the Aubrey novels . I love a good parody . I love an atrocious pun . I love clever and obscure wit . I hate ... well no ... I dislike this book . It is dull , clunky , disjointed , repetitive and unimaginitive . I sense that Mrs. Wenger was unsure if she was writing a parody , or trying to write a story for inclusion in the series . The author alas demonstrates how so many bright people are also seen to be dreadful bores . I am halfway through the book and I fear I will do what I almost never do ... put a book away unfinished . No greater disrespect can I show for any book . Do n't waste your time or money .
 Its a shame , but i 'm only up to chapter four and I 'm having trouble keeping awake . The author is perhaps a bit too proper to write a good parody . This O'brian series is a delight but it is also plump and ripe for a rollicking , wicked , down-and-dirty lampooning . Mrs Wegner just is n't up to it -LRB- as if you could n't tell she 's just too nice of a lady from her picture -RRB- . So far the jokes are tedious , thin , and lacking in depth . I really really wanted this to be good , but its not , which is a shame after all the work I had to go to to locate a copy.Don ' t waste your time , this would do better as fan fiction on a web page . Me ... I 'm going to reread Bored of the Rings to remind myseld of what a parody is supposed to be . -LRB- To be fair parody is tough ... the harvard lampoon failed pretty badly on their 2nd try , Doon . -RRB-
 A parody neither particularly inspired nor artful which , like most works of this type , grows tiresome when the novelty wears off after the first few pages . I ca n't recommend it unless you 're a die-hard Patrick O'Brian fan who 's devoured the whole series -LRB- and similar works by other writers -RRB- and is at a complete loss for something to read .
 This books really -LRB- disappoints -RRB- ! One of the things that bothered me the most , was the overkill of references to other bands when trying to describe Sugar Ray . Korn was mentioned at least 7 times , as well as Rage Against the Machine and RHCP . The author -LRB- Anna Louise Golden -RRB- kept saying , twice to be exact , that Sugar Ray 's sound was not `` a million miles from the Red Hot Chili Peppers . '' And by page 112 , Golden had concluded that `` They 'd stop trying to be another Korn or Limp Bizkit . `` Plus , to what seems to me like major space fillers , Golden writes mumbo jumbo like `` As 1999 , drew to a close , and the new year , century and millenium began ... -LRB- 129 -RRB- '' It would have been just as effective if she just left it with `` as the new year began . '' I 'm surprised she did n't go on and on to say `` December 31st , the 24th hour of that day , etc. '' Her writing is weak , both structurally and grammatically , but aside from that , content-wise . For a great portion of the book , the author analyzes each and every song!That it is LAME !!! It 's basicaly a big album review . Golden has no idea how to critique either . She dissects each song , adds some BS comment , then always concludes with `` it all combines to work beautifully . '' Uh , duh!Throughout the book , there were innaccurate facts and quotes . On page 141 , she mentions the band 's nomination , but NOT successful win , in the Blockbuster Entertainment Awards in Favorite Group : Modern Rock , 1998 . Finally , she just straight up does n't know one band member from another . On 143 , Golden writes `` For Craig , one of the greatest moments was opening for KISS , who 'd originally inspired him to pick up a guitar and make music . '' HELLO ?!?!? That 's RODNEY , not Craig.Major scarcity on new info . too . The stuff that she mentions we -LRB- for all the diehards out there =-RRB- have already read over and over again in mags and on the net . Here , she compiles it with the three album reviews . Woopee . Stuff that I did n't know
 I looked at this book years ago . It interested me because I am a photographer . I was struck by her small understanding of the photographic process . She is just wrong many times like someone writing about music who does not realize there are different key signatures . Her book reads like a college sophomore who has just discovered sexual symbols in the world around her and is applying them willy nilly to everything around her . She makes pronouncements without substantiating them . The sophomore would probably get a C for effort by the TA . I saw a youtube.com video of her recently and she was the same regal oracle making pronouncements again with no substantiation , about as convincing , but less witty than William F. Buckley . No real interest in understanding is there , just enlightenment flowing from the noble brow , daring you to question the received truth . Silly book and silly woman who knew how to negotiate academe . Why is it that people follow the direction of the the most pretentious charlatans ? Why do n't their BS meters work ?
 Even for $ 2.50 this book would be a waste of money.The only thing it contains is waffle . Elitist , pretentious , contentless waffle.This book is for people that believe that likening a camera to a male reproduction organ makes sense.One really wonders whether Susan Sontag -LRB- former partner Annie Leibovitz -RRB- became jealous of photography and needed to get some hatred down on paper.Here are a couple of quotes from the book : `` The method -LSB- photography -RSB- especially appeals to people handicapped by a ruthless work ethic -- Germans , Japanese , and Americans . Using a camera appeases the anxiety which the work-driven feel about not working when they are on vacation and supposed to be having fun . They have something to do that is like a friendly imitation of work
 This is one of the most boring books I have ever read . First read this back in the 70 's when it came out and I was a photographers assistant in a popular studio . Flash forward 40 years and I reread the book recently to find that my annoyance with Sontag and her ideas has not changed . Her affair with photographer Leibovitz notwithstanding , Sontag is a dilettante regarding photography and tries to pack as many 50 cent words into a sentence as possible . This does n't pass for brilliance on the subject , just time wasted when I could be out damaging someones soul by photographing them .
 I originally purchased this book based on the extraordinary , glowing reviews - you know , the same ones on the back cover
 As a high school student in an AP English class I was assigned to read a critics book . I happened to pick this book off of the list . As I began reading it , it did not interest me at all . I found the book incredibly redundant and pointless . She also constantly used huge words , which made it even harder to read . I thought the book could have been ten pages long and covered everything .
 Sonntag 's gift for language is explanation enough for why she probably took few pictures and certainly not enough to justify cramming image-making into the worn categories of reproduction , oppression , and escapism . If you 've got nonverbal photographic friends all too assured of the purity of their craft , this book should play counterpoint nicely . Otherwise , consider this text another example of theory uncomfortably distanced from the object of its gaze .
 Names sell books . Susan Sontag 's name sells books . But the content of this book is n't worth much . Pretentious , pseudo-intellectual concepts -LRB- on the level of a clever college freshman 's thinking -RRB- , awkward writing -LRB- trying too hard to find academic-sounding words -RRB- , in general , just plain silly . Sadly , our universities are full of people who read stuff like this , write stuff like this , and assign stuff like this . As a semi-professional photographer and former college teacher -LRB- literature -RRB- , I would not recommend this book to anyone .
 I 'd rather sit on the commuter rail for 8 hours with a crying baby next to me than read this book ever again .
 I opened this book very neutrally -- I had never heard anything about Susan Sontag except her name , in a preface to an Annie Leibovitz book . I still ca n't believe some of the things I read . Sontag mentions in the foreword that she has an `` obsession '' with photography . I would argue that she has an obsession with resenting photography.She begins by comparing a camera to a gun and the act of taking a picture to rape . To a certain point , I can understand this -- being photographed is a very self-conscious experience . But somehow , I think rape victims would laugh at this comparision . Self-consciousness is not exactly rape . Also , she seems to believe that all photography is taken completely without the consent of the subject -LRB- s -RRB- ; they are innocent victims being raped by guns . The last time I checked , most of the photographers she mentions -LRB- Diane Arbus , Richard Avedon , Edward Weston , Julia Margaret Cameron -RRB- took pictures only with express permission , and many -LRB- Eugene Atget , Ansel Adams , etc. -RRB- did not take pictures of people at all . Almost all good pictures , with the exception of Henri Cartier-Bresson type photography , requires tacit consent between photographer and subject.Sontag 's resentment seems to come mostly from the resentment generated by photography 's replacement of writing in description . Specifically , she says that whereas photograpy `` steals '' the pain of others , writing uses only one 's own pain . This is funny , since I remember reading about how Jane Austen 's neighbors complained because their lives were being stolen for her books . Ever since the art of storytelling began writers and storytellers have been `` stealing '' other people 's lives , their pain , etc. . Fitzgerald used Zelda 's insanity just as David Bailey photographed Marie Helvin . I believe that the art of writing and the art of photography are incredibly similar , and Sontag sounds very sour grapes . How is Strand 's photographing the famous `` Blind Woman '' different from Truman Capote 's `` In Cold Blood ? `` My biggest objection to Sontag , however , is her lack of either proof or explanation . She simply states opinions as if they were facts , and then stops . For example , according to Sontag , Weston is now regarded as antiquated and cliche . Really ? Somehow I thought , considering the worth of his work , his exhibitions in museums , and the wealth of books devoted to him , as well as his inclusion in every basic photography class , that he was still very highly regarded . I 'm sure that Sontag regards him as antiquated and cliche , but this is very different from the `` everyone '' she generally to be present and in full agreement with her.Sontag also concentrates exclusively on one genre and attacks photography as a whole through that genre . Diane Arbus 's photos are apparently taking horrible advantage of everyone pictured in them , and are freakish visions of a bleak world -- therefore all photographs in the world are taking horrible advantage and are freakish visions of a bleak world . I can understand why some people find Arbus 's photos terribly offensive , but I think only the extremely deluded would use her as representative of all photography.One last aspect of Sontag 's book , which I found the most offensive , is her assumption that a picture is stealing the pain of others and , in a sense , profiting from it artistically . This is despite her inclusion in her `` Anthology of Quotations '' of Richard Avedon 's interview where he stated that the pictures he took of other people were more about him than about them . Everyone who has ever practiced photography with any passion can testify to the truth of this statement , hence my conclusion that Sontag has probably never really picked up a camera . Look at Avedon 's pictures of a tortured Marilyn Monroe , and then read Arthur Miller 's `` After the Fall , '' which describes a tortured and pill-popping Marilyn Monroe . There is very little difference , except that in Avedon 's pictures Monroe still retains some amount of dignity , whereas in Miller 's play she becomes a demon of hysteria and cruelty . In the end , although I am both a photographer and a writer , I would say that writing has ten times the power of misrepresentation and `` stealing the pain of others '' than does photography .
 This is a collection of six essays on the nature and practitioners of photography which were written by Susan Sontag in the early ` 70 's . Sontag herself could be wildly polarizing ; the responses to this book , grouped in the 5-star and 1-star range reflect that . At the risk of appearing Clintonesque , I will `` triangulate . `` The bad is really bad . Sontag can do a wild rant with the best of them , straying far from any underlying logic . `` Like guns and cars , cameras are fantasy-machines whose use is addictive . '' '' ... like a man 's fantasy of having a gun , knife or tool between his legs . Still , there is something predatory in the act of taking a picture . To photograph people is to violate them ... '' -LRB- ! -RRB- `` Just as the camera is a sublimation of the gun , to photograph someone is a sublimated murder - a soft murder , appropriate to a sad , frightened time . '' What !! Why on earth do n't the 5-star reviewers call her hand on this s. . . ? Why is it that the vast majority of people WANT to have their photograph taken ? A death wish?Like another reviewer , I wonder if she has ever taken a picture . Certainly no more than a `` snapshot '' that she routinely denounces `` tourists '' and other `` low-brows '' of taking . Consider the following
 One line on page 14 says
 Sontag represents a certain type of `` intellectual '' who is - thankfully - becoming increasingly rare in the world of google and broadband . As exemplified by Descartes -LRB- I think , therefore I am -RRB- , this is the school of people who think that truth can be discovered solely through rumination - without doing any research , without experimentation , without any investigation of the world outside of your skull . It is pure subjectivity - gloriously self-referential and egotistic , completely self-contained and titannically self-satisfied . What Sontag 's writings are about are Sontag - not the world as it is -LRB- and which can easily be fact checked -RRB- but the world as seen through the coke bottle lens of Sontag 's ego and self . Sontag would hate the comparison but she is the leftist equivalent of the medieval christian mystic - the world outside of her own mind does n't matter and facts have no weight . This is what enabled her - in one of the most egregious public acts of heartlessness in the last one hundred years - to praise the 9/11 terrorists for bravery while the World Trade Center was still smoldering and bodies were still being dragged from the debris . This was like praising the Nazi concentration camp managers for efficiency and thoroughness . Having distanced herself from humanity and decency with her warped and unbalanced intellect , the stunned response to her statements probably bewildered her completely . No matter as her crazed statements had plenty of precedents in her previous writings . She took the very cheap , easy , and elitist high road of condemning every wrong in the world - without ever offering any solutions and always , always , condemning the USA for actually trying to do something about these problems rather than just word process away safely in her study surrounded by the works of Verlaine , Rimbaud , and Genet.In Photography , Sontag is at the Acme of her -LRB- witch -RRB- craft . She thinks -LRB- and enough critics seemed to have agreed with her -RRB- that a well written sentence implies veracity as if the good sentence was a litmus test for truth ; as if grammar and a good thesaurus conferred reliability , sanity , or common sense . It does n't . She 'll be forgotten . I think she would have appreciated that - joining the obscure writers that few people read , enjoyed , or valued . She was too elitist to have enjoyed it very much if she actually was embraced by the masses .
 I was forced to read this drivel for a graduate photo program . God I wanted to kill myself and quit photography by the time I was finished with it.If you want to read great photographic essays try Bill Jay 's work . Amazing , insightful and filled with a sense of humor .
 To be photographed is not the equivalent of being raped . Ask any rape victim . This book is insulting and moronic .
 What a load of garbage . Equating a camera with a gun and the act of photography with a violent crime , is so ridiculous it does not even deserve to be discussed . She has no idea waht she is talking about .
 A classic example of the contemporary smug scientist who assumes that anyone with any belief contrary to their own is a fool . Most obviously in his blithe assertion that if there were n't any theists in the world we 'd live in a paradise
 All the stars in the heavens for Mozart 's Zauberflote , of course . But there seems to be a bizarre confusion on this product page and in the reviews that follow it . The two editorial review MUST refer to different books . Several of the reviews suggest that they concern a children 's retelling of the Magic Flute story , in English with illustrations . Is this a full musical score with the libretto in German -LRB- without translation , as another reviewer complains -RRB- or a story book for children ? Your guess is as good as mine , but I would n't buy it on guesswork .
 Um , I guess this is interesting if you 're a scholar , but the poems are not actually in here . It 's all scholarly apparatus about how to read middle English . This book should be sold under a different title .
 Whoreson is the first Goines novel I have read thus far . I have to say the book was a very mixed bag for me . The characters were well written but many of the events that unfold seem very unlikely for me . The most outrageous was the dinner scene where a future prositute named Fatima just jumps from behind the counter and becomes Whoreson 's prositute . I have never seen anything like this before -LSB- perhaps Goines saw this in his short experiance as a pimp -RSB- . Somebody actually naming their son -LSB- even if h is the product of a white trick -RSB- whoreson seem unlikely as well . Who knows maybe I am wrong?The saving grace of this book is Goines ability to paint a picture of life in a Detriot black bottom slum . The images were very gritty and hard hitting that makes you feel the gutter surroundings . His imagery alone saves his over-the-top storytelling.As with the other reviewers , I agree that Iceberg Slim 's Pimp is a much better read and definately more realistic . Whoreson is not a horrible book but just one I could not recommend . It really does not matter because most diehard Goines fans will cherish every single book Goines wrote . Maybe when I read more Goines novels I can say the same .
 This novel is n't all that and I ca n't recommend it . I agree with the others who said it 's pretty far-fetched , starting with the main character 's given name . Everyone 's personalities were inconsistent and the range of each character 's traits was illogical . The square love story involving the annoyingly prudish Janet was unrealistic and left a very bad taste in my mouth . I was disturbed that the book 's writer went out of his way to punish every person that crossed his cherished main character , Whoreson -LRB- shudder -RRB- , but never gave Whoreson any poetic justice or even remorse for his many heartless transgressions.The storytelling surprisingly improves as it goes along
 I have read two other books of goines `` Never Die Alone '' and `` Dopfiend '' both of which are totally out of my eliment but had me hooked to the unkown world the minute I started reading . Because I enjoyed them both so much I decided to try Whoreson which came highly recommended to me by my sister who got me started on Goines to begin with . I ordered the book and could n't wait to get into it.It started out very interesting and got pretty mundane and predictable after some time . Needless to say I did n't enjoy this one nearly as much as the others . I did push threw and finish it since I bought it and started it but certainly didnt ' keep my interest like the other two .
 `` Leaving Reality Behind . . '' is a myopic and biased account of a subject that just is n't that interesting . Unless you were one of the eToys.com employees or one of the ` cutting-edge European artists ' of etoy , the ` Toywar ' was quite simply a non-event for the rest of the planet . In essence , the authors -LRB- who clearly are sided and likely involved with the etoy camp -RRB- are trying to dress up a relatively trivial legal dispute over a domain name that is now about three years old . Why is this interesting ?? Throw another ` yet-another-dotcom-story ' on the pile .
 Although the author had some useful suggestions , they were nothing that I have not heard before . The information in this book would be better suited to an ed journal article rather than 140 pages of the same recommendations repeated ad infinitum . As a veteran teacher , I found the format to be quite simplistic . Page after page of bulleted cliches and alliterative lists of how to motivate the faculty . Kind of demeaning to teachers , in my opinion . Do professionals really need `` Hug Coupons '' or `` Partnering with a Massage Therapist '' to be motivated to do their jobs ?
 The basic concept behind this book , that dinosaurs survived to the present and willfully evolved to be able to live among humans is original and clever , but the book focuses way to heavily on how they live as humans and ignores the story to a large extent until nearly the end when the author seems to suddenly realize he 'll need to end the book and so everything comes together . Much too much time is spent buckling and unbuckling ` guises ' and too little on the plot .
 If you 're going to read Anonymous Rex then be prepared to not only suspend your disbelief , but to tie it to a chair , carry it to the basement . gag it and stab it to death with some kind of garden tool . Dinosaurs disguised as people ? Give me a break . This is n't genre bending . It 's absurd . The characters are not believeable and the plot routine at best . Save your money .
 This is a review for the 1st volume of the Samurai Champloo manga . It 's starts out quite similar to the anime , but branches off from there.The stories are okay ; they may seem too silly and outrageous . The complaint I have is the art . The art looks like it had been done either lazily or in a hurry . Most of the time the artist did n't care to use a straight edge to draw buildings , giving it a sloppy look.Also , the anime could incorporate music during the amazing fight scenes . The manga can just have numerous samurai getting their heads lopped off or getting cut in half.If you 're a Champloo fan , you might want to pick it up , but if you do n't you 're not missing much . I 'd stick with the anime .
 This is not a full sized book . It was a little more worn than what was noted . I did received it before the arrival date and I would order from this company again , but I will make sure the book is a regular sized book and not a book club sized book .
 David Joachim 's a vegetarian . What does he know about cooking meat ?
 Bobbie , I am extremely annoyed that a middle-class bastard such as yourself should write a book this good , which is why I am trying to reduce your average star rating . And subtitling it Memoirs of a Bad Boy ? Everyone knows I 'm the bad boy of the Red Dwarf cast and you 're just an overprivileged middle-class whiner . Everyone
 No one should buy this translation without first checking out the original version made in 1962 with the help of the author and in print since 1981 . An updated version of this was published in 1997 as Children of Gebelaawi . The reason why there are two published versions is that after the threats to Mahfuz 's life made in 1989 in the wake of the Rushdie affair , because of this novel , the translator -LRB- and author of this review -RRB- , P J Stewart refused to sell his copyright to Doubleday for a world-wide relaunch , considering it more prudent to continue quietly publishing with the original American publisher , now renamed Passeggiata Press . The unsuccessful attempt on Mahfuz made in October 1994 confirmed the wisdom of this decision . The American University of Cairo Press , which owns the world rights , then commissioned Peter Theroux to make a new translation . However , Passeggiata continued to have the US paperback rights , which had been granted to it in 1981 -LRB- and in apparent violation of which Doubleday has published its paperback in the USA -RRB- . As the translator of Children of Gebelaawi , I can not decently comment on the quality of Theroux ' version . Some people may like his use of English , which does not appeal to me . I have found various gross errors of translation of the Arabic , but no doubt a careful study of my version would find similar mistakes ; neither of us is a native Arabic speaker . However , it does worry me that in some places he has made a mistake that was in my 1981 edition and which I have since corrected ; at least one of these is such an improbable ` howler ' that I can not believe he did not use my translation . Theroux ' version lacks an introduction , and I consider this a grave lacuna . The history of the book is deeply interesting in itself and needs to be told . The novel also needs some explaining
 This novel about a community in some desert village is written with the simplicity of language that one associates with old myths , and underlying the story are indeed echoes , sometimes close and sometimes rather distorted , of ancient myths . God is allegorized as Gabalawi , the remote and mostly unseen owner of the estate of which the Children of the Alley are supposed to be his heirs . The central character in each of the five stories is up against the selfish and oppressive overseers who dominate the estate and its inhabitants with the help of their retinue of gangsters . The first of the stories evokes that of the expulsion from the Garden of Eden and the story of Cain and Abel ; the second that of Moses and Pharaoh ; the third that of Jesus ; the fourth that of Muhammad.Then there is a fifth story , in which the central figure , a ` magician ' , is presumably a scientist . He tries to discover the secret of Gabalawi He fails to find it , but in the process he is instrumental in the death of Gabalawi ` who had been easier to kill than to see ' . It makes no difference
 This story recalling the early 80 's murder in Arkansas of Mary Lee Orsini 's husband and her one-time lawyers wife is quite complicated in it 's narrative . -LRB- which is to be expected with over 100 `` cast of characters '' first listed for you in the book -RRB- The story is n't so much about Orsini 's conviction on conspiracy to murder charges for her lawyers wife -LRB- and conviction - then overturned conviction in her husbands murder -RRB- than it is about the corrupt Arkansas political figures and a self absorbed county sheriff from Pulaski County Ark. and all his miss-doings . While the book gives many details involving the crimes , and Orsini 's attempted coverup of her part in the murders , it gets into the local medias coverage of the trials and intimate details of too many of the characters involved in the investigation . I would n't recommend it for reading . A Footnote
 As a person who is serious about history , this thing stinks . It is filled with inaccuracies and the author 's bias is shameless . He includes the popular hot buttons of today , like little sections about Women and the Oppressed , while ignoring other groups completely . He accurately refers to the fact that historians agree that the early parts of the Old Testament are not factually based . To my astonishment , he begins his description of Christianity by talking about the story of Jesus using only the Bible as his source , as if it were all agreed upon as fact . He also refers to Martin Luther as destroying the unity of Christendom . What is it with this guy ? Does he work for Mel Gibson ? Little wonder that he has written one of those books chosen by History Departments and costs ten times what it 's worth , changing editions just often enough so that you ca n't buy an old one and this site offers a big $ 3.50 for your trade in . What a racket .
 A very poor effort from the point of view of a child . There are many errors in the book that will be caught by a four-year-old . Examples , Mesosaurus -LRB- a non-dinosaur marine reptile -RRB- and Eryops -LRB- an amphibian !! -RRB- are classed as dinosaurs and my four-year-old found these and about 8 others immediately . This book does have a saving grace , though , you can use it to introduce the child to critical thinking skills .
 The book is about a family 's misfortunes in a small fishermen 's village in Sicily at the beginning of the XX century . The book opens with a tragedy that undermines the financial stability of this big family of poor people . It is about their struggle to cope with it , and their failure because of misfortune . The original title `` I malavolgia '' could be translated as `` the indolent family '' ; the title is a pun because the family is not indolent at all -LRB- well , maybe except for one component -RRB- , rather they work very hard to solve pay their debts , but when destiny is against you there is nothing to do . In the end the last member of the family manages to regain possession of the house they lost because of their debt , but their social and economic condition is definitely lowered . Because the family tried to ameliorate -LRB- although only a little bit -RRB- their economic condition , they are punished by fate that makes them struggle to regain less of what they had before . This moral of the story and the feeling of sorrow that pervades the book are the reasons why I did not like it and I give it only two stars . But the book received much praise as one of the highest examples of Italian realism .
 The Publisher has reprint Thompson 's classic The Land and the Book . However , the reprint is shorten version , including only Southern Palestain and Jerusalem . At least in my copy the printing is very poor , it lacks pages , one page is printed two times and the book is partly copied by dark pages hard to read . I most warmly recommend The Land and The Book by Thomson for all those who love their Bibles and love to study the culture behind it , but not this shorten reprinting .
 not to deny shakespeare 's incredible talent , but he is certainly overcredited in the creativity area . if you 're looking for a true , unique and original read , i reccomend any famous ancient greek playwrite , such as aristophanes , euripides or sophacles . you 'll find thier style a little less decorative , and little more simple , but still very similar -LRB- afterall , shakespeare did have the works of these men to study and emulate . -RRB-
 Bleak . No annotations , no notes , no commentary.No table of contents.Lines are not typeset as they are in the print edition.Characters identified in abbreviation.Prose lines and poetry lines set in center of page.Do not bother with kindle edition .
 If you got a copy of Shakespeare 's works , you might like to be able to rely on the text it presents . That would require knowing the credentials of the editor , the currency of the editing , etc. . . The price is excellent - what the reader receives , well ... caveat emptor.Value to beginners
 To would-be purchasers
 I am a professional actor and teacher of Shakespeare . This is a vastly inferior edition of Shakespeare 's complete works . There is no room in the margins for making notes . There are no footnotes to aid the reader with antiquated language and references . The binding is insubstantial and the gilding sticks to other pages . I picked this book up at a bookstore once and thought I would enjoy such a pretty and portable copy of Shakespeare 's works . As soon as I opened my copy of the book , I immediately returned the book to the bookstore . I found misspellings and errors and the type was so tight , I found the text difficult to read . Try to save your money for the Riverside Shakespeare -LRB- a book you and your family will enjoy for years , mine is 25 years old -RRB- and use the Folger if you need to by one play at at time , but go to the library for your Shakespeare before wasting your money on this piece of junk . The notes are helpful and aid in the enjoyment of the text . Avoid this book !
 There are , obviously , pros and cons to buying any book . This edition of the complete works of Shakespeare is no different . Of course , Shakespeare is great no matter what the binding of the book looks like , but I would really hesitate to purchase a single book containing the complete works , if you 're buying for everyday reading . I find that such large volumes are awkward , hard to hold and really thick . My personal collection of Shakespeare 's works consists of single-work paperback volumes , not lovely to look at , but functional . Someday I hope to buy a set of the complete works in hardcover , but when I do , I 'll look for a set , not a single book . However , if you 're looking for the complete works in a compact package , this book is for you .
 I ordered a book , received it a few days after the last day of estimated arrival , and then it was the wrong book .
 Brian Kendig 's previous review says it all , but I wanted to add a caveat to a still-potential buyer
 This book is empty and useless . If you want to read and understand what Shakespeare wrote buy the Arden Complete Shakespeare , it is much better.This book is a waste of money
 I was given this edition of Shakespeare for a Christmas one year when I was young . Once I began to appreciate Shakespeare , I did some readings in this work . It was okay.Then it became painfully obvious
 The book was not the same book that the picture showed . I thought it would be one book with a nice cover that had all of William Shakepeares ' works however , it was two volumes and not very nice at all . Furthermore the books only had his plays.I decided I wanted to return the books so I sent the seller two separate messages asking them to tell me their return policy ... that was weeks ago and I still have not heard from them . I do not recommend this seller .
 I have not received this order yet . I am contacting the supplier now .
 A reviewer below states that Shakespeare 's literary value is unquestioned . This is patent nonsense . Every year , untold numbers of people -LRB- students , etc. -RRB- are forced to read him by trained teachers and they still end up questioning his value . Let 's examine the Shakespeare cult :1 -RRB- Any author who needs an interpreter , explainer , or support from the educational system to keep readers is simply not a vital author . If Shakespeare was a vital author , people would love him without the brainwashing and spoonfeeding of a vast educational system that insists on teaching these tired plays year after year because everyone has done so year after year .2 -RRB- Silly romances and boring dramas driven by improbable plots and vulgar jokes are not great literature . These plays are the work of a man who spent far too much time on scandal and trivial junk to be taken seriously .3 -RRB- The Shakespeare nuts want it both ways and they ca n't have it either way . On the one hand , they insist that Shakespeare be regarded with the reverence one would give to holy scripture . No one must dare question its greatness , truthfulness , or entertainment value . If you do so , you will be attacked as a philistine . On the other hand , when people believe this nonsense and stay away from Shakespeare because they do not want to be bored , the cultists insist that we are taking it too seriously and that Shakespeare is simply great theatre -LRB- when it is nothing of the sort -RRB- which can be enjoyed with as much gusto as a rock concert or a stand up comedy act -LRB- which is a lie -RRB- .4 -RRB- Any book that needs a glossary for the reader in order to be understandable must either be abandoned as dated or translated into modern English . The Shakespeare nuts would n't insist that anyone read Beowulf in Old English or argue that its Old English language is so beautiful that we all must learn what is now a foreign language to us but they do this when it comes to Shakespeare . This is beyond irrational . Imagine being forced to read a viking saga in Old Norse with only a glossary to assist you because the professor happens to love the cadences of Old Norse . This is no different from the nuts who do the same with Shakespeare .5 -RRB- I judge literature on two , and only two , criterion
 Guess what ! This is a great book ! JUST KIDDING ! It 's HORRIBLE ! IT IS BY FAR THE WORST BOOK I HAVE READ IN MY ENTIRE LIFE ! I would never , ever , ever , ever buy this book . NEVER ! Oh , did I mention how bad the writing is ? The writing is HORRIBLE ! IT IS THE WORST WRITING THAT I HAVE READ IN MY ENTIRE LIFE ! If you are bored enough to read this book , you have way too much free time and do n't deserve to have the money that it costs to buy it . I really do n't know why everyone says that Shakespeare is such a great writer . He is n't .
 Shakespeare may be a genius , but cmon , this is the worst reading material i have ever seen .
 Hello Shakespeare , is anyone home ? Most people will say that I did n't understand this , but I totally did and it still stinks . It can not equal the feeling I got from reading abou Frodo and Sam climbing mount doom . And the fight scenes were totally unrealistic . I 'm into suspending disbelief and all , but Hamlet ? Hello ? Like , a ghost living ? Give me Mount Doom anyday .
 There are NO ANNOTATIONS - I wish Amazon would clean up its act and start posting accurate descriptions especially on the works of Shakespeare . WHERE ARE FOOTNOTED/ANNOTATED EDITIONS OF SHAKESPEARE FOR THE KINDLE ??
 To buy an unannotated Shakespeare volume like this , where even the quality of the text is in doubt , is a pure waste of money . Anyone who feels it is good enough to buy an unannotated text should at least make sure to get a good , well-edited one
 Brian Kendig 's previous review says it all , but I wanted to add a caveat to a still-potential buyer
 The only ones who seem to like ol' Shakes are drama department queens . His plays are essentially empty souled affairs with emotions that are either shallow or excessively melodramatic . There is not a single recognizable flesh and blood human being in his plays . He lacks any consistent viewpoint so that his output all adds up to nothing . Do n't waste your time .
 I think this book should be more about William Shakespeaere and have many more things about him i wasted a few minutes looking trying to figure out if this was a book about William Shakespeare ? When I started to read the inside i found out that this book is nothing but a book about his plays . i was very upset and sorry i had to write such a horriable book review .
 Too many words for not enough pictures . As a teacher I would have it out for reading time . . or on my shelf but it is definately not a read aloud book ... I hate picture books with too many words !
 Firstly if you own this books predecessor -LRB- Beginning ASP.NET using C# -RRB- then you do n't need this book . The two books are practically identical . The only real difference is that this version includes a security chapter in place of the three appendix sections included in the previous version . There are some minor differences in many of the code explanations but I actually found these slight changes confused the issue as opposed to improve it . To be honest I do n't see how Wrox Press can justify the different authors on the cover of this version , it really is 95 % identical to it 's predecessor , I get the impression this was a tactic to fool the customer into thinking it is a totally different book . They told me the two books were different and that I should buy the latest version , I did , they are n't , and I feel deliberately cheated.The book itself has many problems , and it 's difficult to know where to begin . First there are bundles and bundles of errors , far more than documented by Wrox -LRB- as usual -RRB- . Interestingly many of the errors in this version existed in the previous version , so clearly Wrox quality control -LRB- if it exists -RRB- failed not once , but twice to identify these errors ; that 's inexcusable . The errors are n't just in the code , or in the explanations , but they are also in the author 's knowledge of . NET . For example , they claim shared members can be accessed from instances of a class as well as the class itself , this is n't the case in C# . You can only access shared members via a class , and not an instance . This error is repeated several times , they even make a special point of it for you to note ; very embarrassing . Also , there are times when examples do n't work , as important information has been left out -LRB- writing to an event log springs to mind -RRB- . The book is disjointed , you get a code example and then you 're told an explanation wo n't be provided at that point as it is covered later in the book , so you end up jumping back and forth , this occurs far to often for comfort . You 're also left hanging time and time again as crucial information is left out.Although this book does attempt to teach C# , the coverage is a bit limited , and in some areas examples are clearly required but are lacking . As another reviewer suggested , it would be better to know C# before using this book , alternatively you may get by if you have a good C# book to hand to help you through -LRB- as I did -RRB- . Although there are questions at the end of most chapters , there are only answers to about 5 chapters available from Wrox , the answers to the questions for all the other chapters do n't exist.Another big problem is that examples lead you through a mish-mash of classes with no explanations on what the classes are or what they do ; no single class within the entire . NET Framework Class Library is covered properly , many are used but not given any mention . The coverage for the classes , that are mentioned in the explanations , is always grossly incomplete . I found that time and time again I had to go to the . NET documentation to find out what the book was leaving out , I honestly spent far more time in the documentation than using the book , as the book kept raising so many questions . Just remember that for each method or property covered there are 20 times that much not covered for that class.Chapter 14 on server controls tried to get you to run before you could walk -LRB- actually it was more sprint before you could crawl -RRB- , you 'll spend hours in the . NET documentation trying to work out the final two big examples in this chapter , what a mess !!! For me this was the worse chapter in the book . For a beginner you need to show small examples , covering the concepts first , before showing a big example , well this chapter skips smaller examples and just chucks two huge and exceptionally poorly explained ones at you . This is really the most idiotic approach when dealing with a beginner.None of the form controls were covered properly . For instance they give you a small grossly incomplete list of attributes for the label control and then just say the other controls generally use the same ones . When you go to the . NET documentation you find that each form control has a huge volume of very useful attributes you really should know about , they should have made an effort to cover form controls properly.The different writing styles of the authors does cause confusion , you also realise that some authors are n't as sure of their coding as others . For instance for a Page_Load event some authors include the object and EventArgs parameters but others do n't . As a beginner I was wondering if there was a reason why , and which way was correct , but of course you 're not told as it 's just the authors own style . Wrox should have picked up on the glaringly obvious like this , but unsurprisingly , failed to do so.Operator overloads has exceptionally poor coverage , no working examples . I actually got the impression the author did n't really know it that well . Chapter 9 , which covers ` shared members and class relationships ' is pretty poor as well , this is a very important and powerful area of . NET and the author did n't know how to convey this information at all . The examples are useless , the author even states things like ` this example is way off perfection ' , and , after giving an example that is n't actually the way you should do something would state , ` what we ought to have done ' . It leaves you not knowing when you should apply a particular concept or even if you applied it correctly . I could go on and on about the failings in this book , there really are so many issues to raise , but I wo n't completely bore you.So much is left out of this book that was required , and would have taken very little effort to include . Unfortunately being first to press seems to be more important to Wrox Press than quality . In all honestly the whole book feels more like an overview look at ASP.NET rather than a tutorial . Should you get this book you better download the . Net Framework SDK as you 're really going to need it.It amazes me that others have given this book such good reviews . The mind boggles as to how they approached this subject . Did they bother to research each class properly ? Did they study this book thoroughly , or did they just read it like a novel ? Did they actually try the examples bearing in mind many do n't work ? I never expected this book to have complete coverage , that would be silly , but I did expect the coverage to be much better than this . Ultimately all this book will succeed in doing is giving you a very basic foundation in ASP.NET , and a shaky one at that . The book should have been bigger and far more thorough . I gave the book two stars as opposed to none as you could argue , from time to time , that it might be the nature of the beast rather than the failure of it 's authors . The book does have its good points but sadly they 're hard to remember as the bad points stand out more.Finally , when will Wrox Press wake up and release that ` to many cooks spoil the broth ' ?
 Hardy Boy books are God-awful ! Read them as a kid , but I do n't know why . The characters are thinly drawn . The cut-and-paste story lines are not true-to-life . If you 've read one Hardy Boy book , you 've read them all . Chet Morton -- their foolhardy , STOUT sleuth in waiting -- portrays porky adolescence in a disturbing fashion . The Hardy Boy series portrays a world steeped in conservative values which does , I admit , offend my more bohemian sensibilities . The banter is humourless and predictable . The characters are stereotyped and leave no lasting impression . We learn very little about them apart from the cut-and-paste descriptions which seem to span the series . Believe me . I read the entire series as a child . The heroic qualities found in both Frank and Joe -- their athleticism , and their scholastic aptitude -- are so stupendous that it sends mixed messages to young impressionable readers . I 'm not even sure if the `` author , '' Franklin W. Dixon , is not just the pen name for the publishing company who manufactures this heap of cow dung . Why does n't the author occasionally plug his books on Larry King ? Ironically , fleshing out the author presents the same complications posed by fleshing out the characters in these books . If I could convince just one Hardy Boy fan to turn to Agatha Christie and other more modern mystery writers -- ones who tax both the mind and the soul -- my work , I believe , is done .
 I own an ACD and am interested to know as much as possible about this fascinating kind of dog , in terms of behaviour and peculiarities.I have to say that , apart a couple of info in the first 3 chapters -LRB- roughly 35 pages -RRB- , the rest of the book has only 20 good colour pictures of ACD and nothing else focused on this dog!It is more a normal guide to a happy healthy dog than a book on ACD . It would have been much more correct to specify this general approach.The price is right but this is not enough .
 I watched the movie Talk of Angels several times before I knew that it was based on a book . I watched it primarily because I think that Polly Walker is a great actress , but then I got hooked on the story . The story in the movie involves the historical context -LRB- precursor to the Spanish civil war -RRB- and better explains the characters ' motivations . The book is lacking this context and reads like a cheap romance novel at times . I was very disappointed .
 First of all , let me make it clear that I have absolutely nothing against OEL manga . Some of my favorite manga happen to be OELs . I am not a purist . On the other hand , I understand that not all OELs are perfect and brilliant . They 're a mixed bunch , just like Japanese manga . Alright , now that I 've made that clear , let me move on to the review.If you are to believe the blurb on the back cover , No Man 's Land is about John Parker , who was a decorated sharpshooter in the Civil War , had a promising career ahead of him , a wife , and a newborn son . The blurb continues that John lost everything after getting embroiled in a conspiracy engineered by the Bakerton Detective Agency . Now John reinvents himself as `` No Man '' , a gun-for-hire who hunts and kills demons.If you read the blurb , as I did , you would probably think that this sounds like a fascinating series . Unfortunately , I can recap the entire first volume in one sentence
 I did n't know it was a soap opera story . I grew up with Western and Spaghetti Western movies . I have never seen them act very dramatic , to me Westerns are more of a `` Man of action with his pistol . '' No Man 's Land did n't seem to have that and the idea of devil worshipping and demons coming out to be like people , Pres. Lincoln geting killed by that actor who turns into a demon , John Wilkes Booth , seems sort of ridiculous .
 I downloaded this book for my Kindle since I have an original Hard Bound edition and I did n't want to stress the binding reading it . The book is 259 pages long and the Amazon Kindle version stops at page 115 . I think it either should be pulled from the download or make it complete . I was very disappointed .
 This slightly interesting book is advice from an older person to youngsters . The book is VERY incomplete , and only the first chapters are included . It is repetitive , and the language is arcane . These things are to be expected , but with the lack of content I can not recommend you try it even for free .
 This book is beautifully illustrated , however it is RUINED by the fact that the wombat at the end calls his Mum `` Mom '' -LRB- it would get 5 stars otherwise , the Wombat is my favourite `` native '' -RRB- . If you 're going to write a book on an Australian native mammal , at least give it a sense of authenticity and an Australian `` accent '' . I picked it up at a local bookshop and almost flung it out of my hands when I saw that .
 I found The Devils Highway nearly impossible to slog through . Not to make light of the level of human suffering the author was attempting to expose but I found it repetitive and exasperating . The author felt it necessary to wallow in the details and belabor the point by taking each individual involved and describe their role in the account or suffering separately and in meticulous detail . I wanted to shout at the author &#8220; I got it already &#8221; now get on with the story or as my daughter is fond of saying &#8220; WTMI &#8221; -LRB- Way too much information -RRB-
 i had high hopes for this book . unfortunately , what started out so beautifully and lyrically written along the lines of a garcia-marquez quickly deteriorated into a mess . terrible writing style , disjointed , fractured , pointless drivel at times . this story has already been told many times in print and movie -LRB- the 3 burials of melquiades estrada -RRB- ... it was obvious early on that the author is trying to push his agenda on the reader but forgot that to get someones attention you have to drive the point home with lucid , poignant , vivid narrative . the factoids in the end were downright nauseating . that map was pitiful for following the journey and setting . the characters without pictures of some type or tangible connection to their familes fell flat . very disappointing and wonder where the 5 stars come from ... ???!!!
 This story of the Yuma 14 had the potential to be one helluva of a story , as it does read as though it is fictitious . The fact that it 's true is the driving force behind the story , only to be marred by the author 's sloppy and at time irreverent writing style . He uses repetition of words and phrases in extremis , and he for some reason feels compelled to stick one-liners at the close of all his sections . The material is interesting enough without the reader having to be bludgeoned by tongue-in-cheek punchline passages . It really got annoying and detracted from the larger story of struggle .
 I was not fond of the way the first 20-30 pages of the book were written . Not great , dry and hard to get in to . Some of the short stories were good but I felt like I had to just plow through the book to get anywhere with it . Not my kind of read .
 This is a story that needed to be told . It is important that people learn what it is like to cross the border in the desert regions of Arizona and New Mexico . Too many Americans make assumptions about illegal immigration that could be dispelled by the story of the so-called Yuma 14 . My problem is n't with the story being told , it is with the way the story is told . I can not stand Urrea 's writing style . I find it to be disjointed and distracting . He tells the story of the many people involved in the case of the Yuma 14 , but it is a non-linear narrative . In addition to the structure of the writing , I think his vocabulary was a little distracting . I did n't need the incredibly graphic and often visceral descriptions Urrea utilizes . I 'm sure his intention was to shock the reader and to really drive home the reality of what is being read . It came off a little too over-the-top for my taste.I think there are other authors who handle the subject matter better . The writing style was just too distracting for me to be able to give it a higher review . However , I believe there are certainly others who will not find it problematic at all .
 When picking up the Devil 's Highway by Luis Alberto Urrea , be forewarned
 As a resident who has lived in Yuma , Arizona for the past nine years and read the daily paper and watched the nightly news giving scant details about one or two bodies found here or there , presumed to be those of `` illegals '' -- Urrea brings to the reader the faces and lives of the human beings behind the numbers . I often think of the deceased that are briefly mentioned in these news blurbs and wonder where they came from , whom they have left behind and what dreams of theirs did the desert kill ? And is the desert what really killed them ? Or was it some errant Border Patrol agent or a frustrated and pissed off Minuteman ? Just what are they so pissed about , anyhow?Regarding the immigrants and their motivations for leaving their beloved behind for the north , Urrea certainly answered some of my questions . No , America , they are not all criminals , drug runners or people out to get your top jobs ! They just want to make enough to feed their families and if they 're lucky , save enough to buy a little building material for a house or to start up a small business . I have yet to hear any of my friends or acquaintances get excited about applying for jobs in agriculture or plucking chickens!This book should be recommended reading for our government leaders , the INS , and ALL law enforcement agencies - they might just be able to figure out a plan for immigration reform ! Just be sure to read the interview of Mr. Urrea in the Reading Group Guide at the end of the book -- the numbers -LRB- profits -RRB- will amaze you . As this book painfully demonstrates , fences are not going to do anything but make death in the desert an even more certain fate for crossers.Thank you , Mr. Urrea , for giving the world a clear and concise picture of what is really going on in our corner of the country and our part of the globe , for that matter . As I drive along I-8 going to either San Diego or Phoenix and offer my usual prayer for those who have died so close by , I can promise that the names of Edgar , Abraham , Jose and Reymundo will not be forgotten . I will even have a prayer for Mendez .
 When wealthy film tycoon Sir Robert Hellier 's daughter dies of a heroin overdose , Hellier pressures her physician Nick Warren for answers . Warren , a doctor who prescribes `` clean '' heroin and provides a safe and sterile environment for users to inject , has developed a close relationship with drug addicts , and knows more about the ins-and-outs of the heroin trade than most people . Hellier wants the trade smashed at any expense , and offers Warren unlimited finances to use his insider knowledge against a major international drug ring . Initially reluctant , Warren is worn down by professional interest and personal circumstances , and assembles a rag-bag team of friends and specialists to travel to the Middle East . Through a combination of deceit and violence , can this eclectic bunch infiltrate and bring down the drug ring , and destroy the heroin supply at its source?I am a huge fan of Desmond Bagley 's work -LRB- see my other mostly positive reviews of his books on Amazon -RRB- , but ` The Spoilers ' is easily his worst book , by a considerable margin . The fundamental problem with this book is that the plot just requires too much suspension of disbelief . The idea that an ordinary doctor , no matter how sympathetic to addicts , would have knowledge that the most well-resourced international police forces would n't is hard to accept for a start . But even allowing this , we then have Warren turning into a quasi James Bond character , travelling to some of the most dangerous corners of the Middle East , blowing up drug factories , fighting pitched battles in caves , and so on . This is an ordinary doctor , remember , not some ex-Special Forces mercenary who dabbles in medicine in his spare time . It 's just not believable , even accepting that your standards for realism are n't high in an adventure thriller . When Warren himself notes over and over how `` ridiculous '' it all seems , you know there 's a problem . And the motivation for many of the other protagonists is pretty weak ; they tag along basically because Warren asks them to.The parts of the book that focus on Abbot and Parker 's attempts to infiltrate the organisation are better , however . This sort of clever scheming and manipulation is much more like what we 'd expect from Warren , using brains and guile instead of brawn . Some of the baddies such as femme fatale Jeanette Delorme are interesting , and these parts of the book allow the antagonists to be fleshed out and developed a bit . If ` The Spoilers ' had been based around this sort of strategy , and not on Warren pulling a Rambo , it would have been a much stronger and more interesting book.Unfortunately , for the most part , you just ca n't really believe Warren doing all the things he does , and so you ca n't really get into the book . You just read with increasing frustration and lack of interest as the book becomes more and more over-the-top and silly . ` The Spoilers ' is definitely not the place for newcomers to start ; if I 'd read this one first , I probably would never have given Bagley a second chance . If you 're a fan , you 'll eventually get around to reading this , but be aware that this is quite clearly his weakest and least interesting book .
 Old-fashioned action thriller with one redeeming feature - a character sharing the same name as me ! Pure co-incidence , of course . The Nick Warren in this book is a top British drug expert who finds himself on the trail of Iranian smugglers after an entertainment impressario 's daughter is found dead in her own apartment after a heroin overdose , and vows revenge for her death . An oft-told tale unfortunately still set in the past with an old fashioned narrative and dialogue -LRB- does anyone really say OLD CHAP these days ? Maybe in a Colin Forbes book ... -RRB- which does not quite work now in print , but would certainly make a decent movie .
 Anyone who remembers that old TV commercial for Wendy 's will know exactly what I mean . This book has no substance . `` Find a $ 300,000 house , buy it for $ 200,000 and flip it to an investor for $ 250,000 and pocket the difference '' . Yeah , it sounds nice but I live in a place called Earth . Perhaps in some depressed areas you might find sellers motivated enough to sell at that kind of discount , but do n't plan on moving that property anytime soon either . Where I live , in Northern Virginia , people pay $ 30,000 - $ 50,000 OVER the asking prices for a house . My neighbor just sold her TOWNHOUSE which she put on the market . She listed it for $ 385K and had SIX contracts on it the first week and sold it for $ 430K . Good luck finding a `` motivated '' seller around here . Up into southern Maryland you can find properties for below `` market '' value , but you ca n't turn them quickly.This guy may have done quite well during the real estate boom , but its a different world now and the things he is saying to do `` without by the way telling you HOW to do them '' are just ludicrous.Keep your money , do n't waste it on this book .
 I got into real estate investing primarily due to Mr. Shemin 's first two books , `` Secrets of a Millionaire Landlord '' and `` secrets of a Millionaire Real Estate Investor . '' Both of these books were excellent , and I would n't sell my copies for the world.However , this is simply a collection of loosely connected thoughts strung together to create a book . Here is the plan presented in the book -- Find a $ 250,000 that you can purchase for $ 190,000 from a motivated seller , and sell it to someone else for $ 230,000 , then retire rich.Not much of a plan if you ask me , especially when where I live , a $ 250,000 would be a mansion , not a 3 bedroom 2 bath starter house . A real presented plan would be , do A , B , C , D , etc.What he is suggesting in the book is not investing , rather it is speculating in real estate . While there is nothing wrong with that , let 's call it what it is.His other book , `` Unlimited Riches , '' which I also own , covers everything here , and is a much better written book . It at least presents a cohesive plan that a novice might be able to follow.The book updates us on where Mr. Shemin is going in his life , and career . He lets us know that he got out of the landlord business and is now speculating in real estate and `` writing paper , '' -LRB- hard money lending -RRB- as he calls it.I have read many what I call `` Rah Rah '' books . There is nothing wrong with convincing people that they too can succeed in real estate , but this book does n't even do that.I always try to find 2 or 3 new ideas , even out of a bad book . While there are a few ideas that make me go , `` Hmm , interesting , '' there are no sonic booms here . The book comes off as an advertisement for his real estate seminars and multilevel marking of some products , nothing wrong with that , but not much else for me to sink my teeth into.I am presently reading his new book `` How to Avoid the 75 Mistakes Every Investor Makes . '' That book should have been 50 Mistakes , but they stretched a few to get 75 . Mind you , they are not bad , just that some did n't even take up half a page , and there are 250 pages in that book.If you have the money , buy the book , but if you have to choose between this one and another one , pass this one by . However , that said , do purchase his Millionaire books . They are worth the money.In closing , I 'd like to find someone who would write a book on how to check real estate records for liens . You know , the nitty gritty work of real estate investing . Instead , they all want you to pay the $ 1000 for this information .
 Whenever an author touts get rich quick type of message , which this book does , you have to be skeptical . The author even had audacity to include his own promotion of pyramid type of scheme -LRB- pre-paid legal service -RRB- to the readers . Shame on the author.I only picked up this book because the author is a gradute of law school , like myself . After reading his book , I have to question his ethical standards . Some of his suggestions are bordering fraud and deceit .
 I have read probably twenty books in real Estate in the past six months ... this is the worst so far . Whoever is writting is going at light speed and has no concept of teaching or sharing knowledge . It has no depth and he continuosly jumps from one subject to another not covering any of the real issues and questions . The bottom line ... do n't waste your money.There are `` real good books '' in real Estate but this is not one of them.JC
 THE MAJOR LANGUAGES OF EASTERN EUROPE , edited by Bernard Comrie and published in 1990 , is a selection from THE WORLD 'S MAJOR LANGUAGES , Routledge 's 1987 general overview . Each language 's phonology , morphology , and syntax is presented , along with occasional mention of the lexicon . This is a very idiosyncratic volume . Romanian , one of the most important languages of Eastern Europe in terms of number of speakers , is missing . It instead was placed in a volume on Western Europe simply because its Romance relatives are there . Turkish is included , in spite of the fact that it 's barely in Europe , while neither Albanian nor Bulgarian get a mention.The book includes not only descriptions of individual languages , but also descriptions of language families . The first two chapters are an overview by Philip Baldi of the Indo-European languages -LRB- a very basic presentation most linguaphiles will already find familiar -RRB- and a thoroughly insubstantial description of the Slavonic languages by Bernard Comrie . The IE languages covered are Russian , Polish , Czech and Slovak , and Serbo-Croat . Two Uralic languages are covered , Finnish and Hungarian , so we are also treated to an admirable ten-page description of this language family by Robert Austerlitz . Finally Turkish and the Turkic family in general are covered in a single chapter.In the 1990s , Routledge began the Language Family Surveys series , which has more sensible organization and is more detailed . THE MAJOR LANGUAGES OF EASTERN EUROPE may have had some value as a reference work when first published , but it has long been surpassed .
 Having read this book , I have come to realise that this is nothing but a direct copy of people such as T. Harv Eker & Tad James.It would be good if I could get a refund so that I could spend my money on a book that will really make me turn my passions into profits ... Definately something that you should miss .
 This book does not have any new or orignal concepts . The book is filled with NLP concepts that have been in many other books . I was very disappointed !
 I gave this book one star because the computer program would not allow me to give it zero stars . Most of the so called `` 100 best colleges for African American students '' do n't have more than a handful of African American students . Here is a list of 20 of the 100 schools listed
 This book starts with the assumption that the African American applicant is sub-par . It goes so far as to suggest that African American students make certain that the college of their choice include remedial courses to assure that they are allowed to graduate -LRB- since ivy league colleges have lowered their standards to attract minorities , but have neglected to include remedial studies -RRB- . I hoped this book would provide suggestions of the best colleges that would widen the horizons of my academically talented , African American child . It gave a list of schools where an African American might actually graduate ! I am appalled .
 I enjoyed some of this book however , some of the information presented in this book as factual , in fact was not . Also her historical section was deviod of reference to many of the true pioneers of the sport . As entertainment it is ok as a giuide to snowboarding and it 's cultural history , it falls far short . It 's as if it was written by someone who really does n't know much about snowboarding and just asked people for their opinions , taking them at face value .
 Fake , pretentious , and totally dumb if you know anything about snowboarding . If snowboarders were like bands , this writer would be the cheesy a & r rep trying to be cool while making money off the peeps .
 This book is good for a highly experienced restorer who has a TR4 in very poor condition and needs to do a lot of rust repair . It is not for your average hobby restorer , or anyone doing a restoration on a solid car . It provides absolutely no information on finish work and original TR4 details . I feel the restoration work this book focuses on is beyond the scope everyone except the top 10 percent of those in the hobby .
 Anyone who has read `` The Battle for Christmas '' by Stephen Nissenbaum and is looking for a companion book for Halloween ... run . This scattered book talks less about the holiday 's history than of its contemporary manfestations -LRB- both real and imagined -RRB- . It meanders in all directions indulging more in Skal 's peripheral interests like September 11th and gay-pride parades than in uncovered history . Almost as in search for a suitable number of pages , Skal almost endlessly describes the plots of movies we already know and muses so shamelessly about tourist attractions in Salem that it begins to read like an ad for the Visitors Bureau . This is an overwritten introduction for what could have been . Lots of fluff for those of you who do n't want too much information muddying up that slick cover .
 The history of Halloween we find here is selective , not all-encompassing . Skal has picked a handful of topics to which he has collected a score of personal anecdotes and stories from people across the country , with occasional interjections of analysis thrown in.On the plus side , the personal anecdotes are interesting and fun ; photos showing early 20th century Halloween-themed postcards are delightful ; and one chapter , which -LRB- among other things -RRB- details the gay community 's association with the holiday is fascinating.However , these positives are outweighed by several problems.A sense of `` been there , done that '' , permeates much of the book . While the inclusion of certain subjects in any history of Halloween is almost mandatory - guaranteeing a certain repetition of information - the fact remains that some will have already read much of what is included here.A chapter entitled Halloween On Screen spends more time detailing the storylines of the -LRB- Michael Myers -RRB- HALLOWEEN movies than trying to find some underlying themes or connections between Halloween-related films and the holiday itself.Lastly , I lost faith in the book 's factual accuracy . In one paragraph , mention is made of a particular film . The first thing to catch my attention was an incorrect year attached to the movie . Second , a questionable statement is made concerning the fate of the young female student . Depending on one 's interpretation of this statement , this statement is also incorrect . That two errors are found back-to-back just made me question what else in the book might be inaccurate.All considered , I do not recommend DEATH MAKES A HOLIDAY . In addition to the above problems -LRB- and others not mentioned -RRB- , when one considers the book comes in at under 200 pages -LRB- when index and notes are subtracted -RRB- , the price tag is high for the product delivered . And when you start doubting a book 's facts ...
 I made it through the vapid introduction and most of the way through the first chapter before skipping around and skimming here and there . Skal 's writing is rather boring , and by page 40 , I still had no grasp on his meandering portrait of Halloween . He seemed to be trying to keep the short-attention span crowd entertained with his whimsically peppered history lessons , but unfortunately he leaves the rest of us behind . How disappointing .
 This book does n't live up to its billing.Although there is a bit about the origin of Halloween and its evolvement over the centuries ; it 's pretty superficial and not developed.Far too much of the book is about the degutting of Halloween and the movie industry and its horror films since the 1930 's . Halloween is about one particular day , while the stuff this book is padded with is just horror , ghost material and the version put out by the Martha Stewart mentality.An in depth effort on Halloween would take much more research than displayed and purported to be a `` cultural history '' . This book has about as much depth about Halloween as a book about Frosty the Snowman would have about Christmas.But then again , people who see Christmas as a commercialized holiday of nothing more than festive lights and gifts might feel this book tells all there is about Halloween.A more appropiate title for this book might have been `` The dismantling and misreprentation of Halloween since the 1930 's ''
 Anyone who has read `` The Battle for Christmas '' by Stephen Nissenbaum and is looking for a companion book for Halloween ... run . This scattered book talks less about the holiday 's history than of its contemporary manfestations -LRB- both real and imagined -RRB- . It meanders in all directions indulging more in Skal 's peripheral interests like September 11th and gay-pride parades than in uncovered history . Almost as in search for a suitable number of pages , Skal almost endlessly describes the plots of movies we already know and muses so shamelessly about tourist attractions in Salem that it begins to read like an ad for the Visitors Bureau . This is an overwritten introduction for what could have been . Lots of fluff for those of you who do n't want too much information muddying up that slick cover .
 this book was so awful . i want to know is norton 's editor ? the book was full of embarrassing grammatical and spelling errors . as the story progressed , i developed some suspicion that norton was not the sole author , that it was actually ghost-written by at least two others , it was all so dijointed and choppy . there were three different story lines , each of which would have made a mediocre short story , but as a book , it just dragged on and on ... i kept waiting for the book to get good , but it never did . i ca n't believe this is supposed to be `` epic '' fantasy .
 because of boredom . This book , my opinion , is the stuipdest thing ever to be put on the printed page . Andre Norton is a terrible writer . I read about 75 % of the book andit was one of the least enjoyable times of my life . Andre Norton sucks !!!!!!
 Sherry 's `` biography '' is saved only by its topic
 I could not find some of Riley 's most beloved and well-known poems , such as `` The Raggedy Man '' and `` Little Orphant Annie , '' in this ebook . This does not seem to be a complete collection of this author 's works at all . The illustrations were nice , but overall I was very disappointed with this selection and would not recommend it to anyone looking for a complete collection of Riley 's poems .
 to be fair , i never really expected much out of giovanni , i just grabbed this book from the library on a whim . if you want to read a poet who write political poems or poems on race , then grab marilyn nelson , gwendolyn brooks , sapphire or ai , and see how it should be done .
 Not that helpful . Somewhat , but it seems to be written some time ago and focused on women , with the examples being men .
 They 're completely different schools at different ends of the state . PENN is the University of Pennsylvania , and PENN STATE is the state university .
 You 'd think that the author would be specific enough . Clearly he does n't hate Penn -LRB- the Ivy League in Philadelphia that has an awful football team -RRB- . He hates Penn STATE -LRB- the giant state school that is located in the middle of nowhere and belongs to the Big 10 -- you know , the ones that are good at sports -RRB- . They are NOT synonymous ... so why does the book have this title ?
 What is the point of this book ? Penn Staters could easily write , `` I Hate Penn :304 Reasons Why You Should , Too . `` Penn Staters certainly hate being confused with snooty-lousy-at-sports Penn just as much -LRB- if not more -RRB- as Penn grads.The author pokes fun at PSU throughout the book but I 'd take a wide open , large beautiful campus -LRB- even if it is in `` the middle of nowhere '' -RRB- any day over Penn which is smacked into a few blocks of Philadelphia in the midst of traffic , noise , pollution , litter , etc.My sister is a Penn grad and I did my master 's at PSU . We could n't care less . The author is a man that clearly is high on his Ivy education and has to make a point about it to everyone by declaring NOT PENN STATE ! By the way , Penn does n't even offer half of the programs Penn State does , including a degree in my profession.Plus , Penn stinks at sports . What do you think Penn students are doing during Bowl Game Season ? Writing books like this since they ca n't cheer on their team !
 Why anyone would focus so much on a school of such credibility , history and integrity suggests a real jealousy . Through thick and thin ... we are not swayed by football or sports rankings , because we know better . WE Are Penn State !
 Penn State has the most beautiful campus , revered professors , and formidable sports teams in this country . It is an institution I am proud to be associated with.Mr . Finebaum needs to find more productive ways to express his anger . Therapy , maybe?WE ARE PENN STATE !
 PENN STATE ! Loud and proud . Just the fact that this book even exists is a compliment to the Blue and White faithful !
 Why was this book even written . I think that it was a waste of good trees , and well that is about all that I have to say . I was just wondering , did the author get rejected at Penn State ?
 I 'm glad that you had to go to Penn to turn around and write a book about Penn State . If you are that obsessed with Penn state why didnt you save the 80,000 extra dollars you had to spend to get a degree from Penn and just go to PSU . There is a reason that everyeone who goes to PSU has great pride and it has the most active alumni in the world , because it is the best.WE ARE PENNSTATE .
 Peter Laufer wants to open the Mexican-American border because the U.S. economy `` desperately needs the workers '' and to stop the deaths incurred crossing the Arizona desert.Former Governor Lamm , however , hit the nail on the head when he stated that the U.S. can not absorb all the millions of poor peoples that want in.America 's decades-long laxity in deterring illegal Mexican aliens from entering our nation has created nine serious , and growing problems :1 -RRB- Substantial and disproportionate increase in violent and drug-related crimes - at least twice the rate of the general population , according to government statistics .2 -RRB- Substantially increased crowding , traffic , pollution , housing costs , and demands on already strained natural resources.Census estimates show that at least half of U.S. population growth is due to recent immigrants and their very high birth-rates , and that immigrants -LRB- mostly Mexican illegals -RRB- and their children will account for about a 100 million population increase in the next 50 years , resulting in Hispanics -LRB- mostly illegals and their progeny -RRB- comprising about 25 % of U.S. population .3 -RRB- Decreased wages and opportunities for law-abiding Americans , particularly those most vulnerable - the poor.Examples
 I put this vile book back on the shelf almost as soon as I picked it up . This is typical multicultural liberal garbage , and the author is nothing more than a mouthpiece for the open borders lobby , Wall Street Journal cheap labor profiteers , guilt-ridden brainwashed liberal moonbats , one world government utopians , and the huge fifth column of minority and ethnic agitators who loath the White Christian majority.I 'd like to see the author making his inane case to the HUNDREDS of thousands of victims -LRB- and their families -RRB- of rape and murder by the hands of illegal aliens . Let HIM pay health care costs of illegals in emergency rooms . Let HIS children sit in `` bilingual '' classrooms crammed with tens of Hispanic kids who do n't know a word of English , who will drop out and join a gang at the age of 15 . Let HIS house lose value as a result of illegals invading his neighborhood and sending property values plummeting.Me , I 'd rather pass these `` blessings of diversity . '' Too bad 1 star is the lowest rating , because this garbage does n't even deserve 1/10 of a star .
 The premise of this book , written by an ad agency exec , is that corporate clients are clueless morons who just do n't realize what geniuses their ad agency guys are . Marconi 's answer to `` Getting The Best From Your Ad Agency '' ? Throw a lot of money their way , question nothing , and worship the results . The book is poorly edited with numerous typos , sequencing errors , etc. . It also contains outrageous amounts of filler material - a 3 and 1/2 page list of celebrity endorsers and their products , 7 pages of ad slogans going back decades - as well as self-serving examples of `` successful '' vs. `` unsuccessful '' ad campaigns -LRB- hmm , let me guess whose Chicago based ad agency produced the much lauded campaign for the Chicago Board of Trade . -RRB- Waste no time , effort or money tracking this one down .
 I usually write reviews on only very good or very bad books . This one is clearly the latter . Gorman is a pretty bad writer , with a plot with a Bates Motel-like ending that is dopey beyond belief . In addition , the two female leads -LRB- one is the narrator 's sometimes lover -RRB- are two of the most obnoxious characters I have read in some time -- totally unsympathetic !! Worse than all of that , frankly , is the fact that this author just loves `` potty talk '' , in bed , out of bed , wherever !! Every bodily orifice is discussed in detail . The heroine -LRB- ? -RRB- vomits on what seems every few pages . After making love she asks whether she farted all night while she slept , saying she had a flatulence problem . She also said she smelled at the beginning of her menstrual cycle . The narrator described every pee he took , etc. , etc. . These are not people I would invite over for dinner . What an offputting book Gorman has written !!
 This story is an ordinary thing that happens in the world today.It might be such a great story in the past , but now there are lots of story about a mad man/woman who does n't born to be a killer , but they kill somebody just because they wanted to for some reasons.So it 's not that much interesting for me in its theme , but the way Poe wrote it is more interesting.He made us feel as though we are watching the story happened not just reading it.I like the way he wrote it.So I think it 's worth reading Edgar Allan Poe 's story .
 This book is a kind of psychological review . I think this book is not good for `` healthy '' people . All the facts in the story are telling and showing the mental problems that the main character has . The young man always says `` I 'm not a mad man '' , but actually he is telling us that he is . The young man ca n't just kill the old man because of his old eyes . It misleads readers to have those horrible thoughts with the main character in the story . If the main character thinks that he is right , then he must have mental problems . If the narrator agrees with the `` young man '' , then he also has some problem . And if someone thinks that it is a great story , then I suggest you go to see a psychologist .
 I found this in a charity shop stall and was surprised and how much things had changed since it 's publication.I found it poorly researched and inaccurate , even for the time it was rather limited . It also focussed so much on the US - as if the rest of the world does n't exist.Satanic ritual abuse has since be proven to exist , recent examples include the conviction of - Colin Batley 's large satanic cult in Kidwelly , Wales , March 2011 - Jacksonville 2007 - satanist confesses to killing - Argentina 2007 -LRB- in Jan 2008 courts confirmed a boy was killed in a satanic ritual -RRB- - the confession of Kirsty Theologo 's killer -LRB- South Africa -RRB- and his statement that the killing was part of a satanic ritualthe book also conveniently ignores any ritual abuse linked to religions other than satanism - so no abuse linked to witchcraft , Juju , paganism/white witches , santa meurte , etc , even though these have been proven to exist.Books like this discourage survivors of such abuse from speaking out and trivialise and mock their experiences .
 Having served as expert witness in comparative religions , and in pyschology , as associate professor at a state college , and as police officer , my opinion of this book is it is not worth reading twice . It is highly inaccurate and biased . It overlooks the proven cases of criminal satanic practice , such as Matamoros Mex , -LRB- Palo Maiombre -RRB- . It agrues from silence . It is just an attempt to make a buck by telling people what they want to hear , religios crimes do not exist , or at least are not a serious threat . Too bad he does not know what he is talking aboiut
 I was quite disappointed with this . For $ 6 dollars , it was less than 1,000 words and rather than discussing the piece itself , Mr.Hubbard uses several general fillers like , kids can color the piece or `` One very obvious way to arrive at an understanding of Picasso 's ever-changing creativity is to collect reproductions -LRB- or photocopies -RRB- of Picasso 's work made throughout his lifetime , and arrange them in the order they were created . `` The essay does not explore enough about the actual artwork , `` Weeping Woman , '' which is quite fascinating . Perhaps my expectations were wrong , and this might suffice for an elementary classroom teacher who wants to to expose students to modern art . I think it might help to show what grade or audience this is targeted to .
 I do not care for this author after reading a couple of her books.My favorite author is Gene Stratton Porter ESP Her bookkeeper of the bees
 If you are doing ethnographic or ethnological work regarding Yucatan , then this book does contain some information that is helpful and I have not seen spelled out elsewhere , so in that case I would recommend it . However , this ethnography does not really offer an image of life in the Yucatan . His descriptions of life in the pueblo where he was working are lacking . Instead , he spends -LRB- too -RRB- much of his time complaining about a particular folklorist , one of his ethnographic subjects , and the outside world 's perception of `` the Maya . '' The latter is an interesting topic but he does n't really tie it in well with the overall work . He then tries to develop a theory of ethnography which also does not seem to fit into this work .
 Maxwell 's writing is enjoyable but the restraint of his characters makes the story very slow-moving and boring . Reading this book was a chore
 This is about the best book on the subject I have read with one exception . I would have given FIVE stars except for something about the title and content ; I have read most all of it before VERBATIM . This book seems to have a different cover photo , a softcover vs.hardcover , different publication date , authored by `` editors '' vs. a specific person , and two seemingly separate publishers than The Australian Shepherd : How To Keep A HAppy Healthy Pet . This is the `` revised '' edition . It would have been nice to know that this more current -LCB- by two years ! -RCB- edition was ESSENTIALLY the same book I already purchased ! Why change the cover ? Anyway , caveat emptor . I recommend the public library or the internet as additional sources of information contained in this book -LCB- s -RCB- . Got me this time .
 This book is just a generic dog book with very little information on the Aussie .
 Nothing really special about australian shepherds in here . A lot of general information about dogs .
 It distresses me not to be able to write a rave review for this book . Linguistics and religious language are two of the subjects that I am most deeply interested in , and I 'm well trained in both ; the need for clarity in religious language is a cause that matters greatly to me . I greatly admire the work of Wierzbicka , who is a superb scholar . I should have loved this book . Unfortunately , I did n't . That does n't mean that it 's not a valuable and important book , with all the necessary scholarly bells and whistles . It 's all those things ; I 'm glad I have it on my bookshelf . But it is so meticulously detailed , and makes the same points so endlessly many times , that it 's extremely difficult to read . I wish it had been edited as rigorously as it was written .
 I REALLY wanted to like this book . Being one of maybe four fans of Georg Luk&aacute;cs , and there being maybe four books about Luk&aacute;cs in existence , I was craving some insight into his masterpiece History and Class Consciousness , and some kind of discussion of his never discussed The Ontology of Social Being -LRB- published posthumously -RRB- . Despite the fact that Rockmore is a crystal clear writer - which is rare for someone who studies German Idealism with his intensity - the book seemed completely directionless . The first 50 or so pages are about Marx and then Engels poor creation of Marxism . While I completely agree with every idea expressed in these chapters , they are completely superfluous . 1 -RRB- People buying these books -LRB- i.e. , nuanced discussions of esoteric Marxists -RRB- are already privy to the conversation regarding Engels and his perversion of Marxism . 2 -RRB- It adds almost nothing to the conversation about Luk&aacute;cs in general . Luk&aacute;cs offered an ingenious perspective to Marxism , be it from the Engelsian perversion , or from Marx 's works alone , this back story is superfluous to the ingenuity of Luk&aacute;cs.The actual conversation about Luk&aacute;cs is so loaded with Rockmore 's personal theory , that one finds it hard to belabor the rest of the book . Rockmore is adamant that Luk&aacute;cs is sneaking in neo-Kantianism , specifically the theories of Emil Lask . Even if he is , one can comprehend Luk&aacute;cs book without knowing these back stories . And presenting the philosophy of Luk&aacute;cs as these opaque back stories that Rockmore has figured out , greatly detracts from actually understanding what Luk&aacute;cs was saying ; by focusing far too much on what Fichte , and Lask were saying . Instead of analyzing a line by Luk&aacute;cs that says X , we get `` Luk&aacute;cs is really responding to X , which goes back to a philosophical debate regarding Y , Z , P , and Q , which was addressed by A , B , C , D , '' inevitably leading to a discourse that while pretending to focus on Luk&aacute;cs , leaves Lukas 's views entirely absent from the discussion.Eventually I just stopped reading the book . Maybe it picks up after page 150 , but I bought the book concerned about Luk&aacute;cs , and not Fichte nor Lask .
 I am a senior Computer Science Major , so computer systems are n't totally alien to me . This book personally is driving me nuts ! Never having used Maya before , I have learned a lot ! BUT !!! - It is a trial of patience for a new user to go through so much content before actually having a use for it -LRB- i.e. how to customize the menu 's according to your style -LSB- for more experienced users that actually have some -RSB- -RRB- . Expect to read a lot and do very little at the beginning . - I really do n't think these books were ever tried out on the target market -LRB- s -RRB- before hitting the press . If you make a mistake , you 'll probably just have to start all over again , or try reverting to some previously saved files . They do n't warn of common pit falls . I have only been able to get about 2/3 of the tutorials done . - Even if you get the tutorials done there can be extreme frustrations . For instance you make this aftershave bottle -LRB- took forever to attach the curve 's , and I never knew why it finally worked the last time -RRB- , and then you look at the picture the authors put together ... their picture is beautiful , but hell if I know how to make mine look like that . Spent about 2 hours just trying to make glass look like glass . The Maya file is not on the CD , just the picture ! Very few of the nice pictures that show you how it can look are actually on the CD so that you can figure out why it looks that way . Same for the M tutorial in chpt 16 , and all the texturing examples in chpt 17 ! I would go on , but you should understand by now - You 're on your own cowboy . - Yeah that stupid head in chapter 5 would drive a buddist monk to slamming his mouse on the desk . There is about 2.25 pages of text telling you how to make this head ... I 'm still trying to figure out why I it wo n't let me select certain Control Vertices . - The biggest thing is when I went to the users community at Alias and they told me to just buy a new book and then ask questions ! They knew of this book , they have been dealing with these poor people banging out frustrations and questions based upon this book.In summary , you can learn from this book , but it comes at a cost .
 I checked this book out at the store to see if it had much-needed tutorial updates . I have been going through Mastering Maya 3.0 for a while , and I had thought it was an acceptable book until I got to the bit about modeling a Nurbs head . Who were they writing this book for ? Other Maya book authors ? The way they present information in this book is to start off with kindergarten basics , and then expect you to instantaneously go from that to advanced neurosurgery at the end of the chapter . `` Here are some blocks with different letters of the alphabet on them . Now write a novel about Man 's philosophical struggle with life and the world around him , but through the eyes of a parrot that exists in the mind of a catatonic schizophrenic who has been frozen in a prostrated position for ten years . `` The above complaint relates to this book because this book offers no improvement over its predecessor . The tutorials are only helpful if you can do what they suggest already , in which case you 're better off drinking tea and relaxing instead of bothering with this book.To sum up - I have a hard time understanding who they thought would benefit from Maya 4.5 Savvy . The truly savvy will skip it . Perhaps it will come in handy as crude toilet paper after the Fall of Modern Civilization .
 maya 4.5 savvy is just the old blue mastering maya book with a new cover , its the same stupid child and stupid dog from the previous version . . very few ground breaking moments ... they used to corner the maya instructional book market . . but now they need new content . . I do n't reccomend it to my students . . , however there is one beautiful image of a yellow rusted robot that is contriubuted by a third party artist
 Ok im only at the end of chapter 5 and everything was going fine , i grasped all the concepts and commands quite easily Untill the building the head . Its such a loose and open tutorial there is no point in reading it and i can say truthfully you would probably do a better job without the tutorial.As the Great Tutorial puts it `` Cut out the front '' ... . O_o ...
 If you have already owned the `` Mastering Maya 3 '' , then what you will find in this book is
 I 've been using Maya for 5 years now and bought this book for extra skills . I can not believe that Alias endorses this . I tried the walk cycle tutorial , which has technical mistakes , if I did n't have the experience I do , I would be completely lost . The hand building tutorial is so cryptic as to where to add faces to the thumb to make it look like the illustration shown that I want to throw the book out the window . I wish I had read these reviews as well , do not buy this book !!!!
 When I got that book I was really disappointet about its content and design.I expected a well illustrated book which was supposed to show me some advanced information about Maya 's modeling and animation techniques , but I just got some very basic information about different parts of Maya and very poor samples how to use them successfully.This Book is definitively not useful for advanced Maya usersand also beginners should n't find it very helpful .
 I should have read all the reviews here before I bought this book this morning . To be honest , the reason I bought it was because the forward is by Danielle Lamothe , who is the education product manager for Alias | Wavefront - in my mind meant that there was some assumption of quality - I was wrong . I sat all afternoon with this book only to discover that the way Maya 4.5 handles dynamics is not the way it is presented in this book - they must have been working with some pre-release version when they wrote the book . I have hit a big brick wall , and the book is useless . It goes back tomorrow .
 As the reviewer from Germany had stated , - I , too , was greatly disappointed . I am in between a newbie and intermediate user of Maya 4.5 and I expected the book to clarify some issues that were somewhat uneasy for me . Well.Some books have great tutorials but lack profound detail on each command and each feature , Some other books have a great insight into the most obscure features of a program but intentionally lack of tutorials - That is OK bacause you know that beforehand and probably get to buy them both.The feeling I have with this book - that it has neither that not the other approach.when I read it I get to know that Maya can do these and other things but I never get to actually see how . I expected -LRB- and maybe I should n't have -RRB- to learn about some hidden tricks or features in Maya . One of the most important things to me is the REBUILD command or how to correctly use NURBS in Maya -LRB- I have used NURBS a lot in RHINO -RRB- but it just does not do it in a profound way.There are also very few images so it does n't even serve as a visual reference.Maya is so huge that it is probably obvious that no book can cover it all but not covering the most important parts of Maya ?? I wanted a book that will take me above the huge manuals - This is definetly not the book for the job.this book is authorized/sponsored by Alias | Wavefront - I can see why - after buying this book you will RUN to buy Alias ' books ! SKIP THIS BOOK ! SKIP THIS BOOK AND wait for another
 I have most of the Maya books that are out there and this has got to be the worst one I 've ever picked up . First of all , this is supposed to be an updated version from the previous book for Maya 3 . Just from skimming you can tell that they were very lazy about updating what they wrote because the tutorials do n't integrate the new features that Maya has to offer which makes some of the tutorials outdated and frustrating -LRB- an example would be the nurbs head tutorial . -RRB- They simply lumped some new stuff at the end of the book with a few new paragraphs sprinkled here and there to justify having the title of the book be `` Maya 4.5 Savvy '' . Furthermore , their tutorials are very vague and hard to follow . I have actually seen in some forums people quoting tutorials from this book asking others for explanations when something does n't go right in the tutorial for them because they ca n't follow what they 're supposed to do.I think the biggest problem is that this book tries to be so comprehensive that it does n't do a good job of covering anything . The chapters are too vague and then all of a sudden they expect you to follow their tutorial at the end of the chapter without having decent illustrations or pictures to follow what they are doing.Most of the books for Maya that are out right now somewhat have this problem but I think this book has to be the worst.For beginners I would reccomend Maya 4.5 Fundamentals for its chapters and tutorials on Modeling . It has a CD included with it that is excellent because it covers all the tutorials step by step and is very easy to follow . It does n't talk about animation too much though if that is what you are interested in . For an overall introduction to Maya , I would reccomend Learning Maya by Alias Wavefront -LRB- although it is pricey -RRB- because the tutorials are good and explains why you have to do certain steps instead of just following blindly . However , it 's somewhat general and I would only reccomend it for people who are absolute beginners .
 For the love of maya , I have embarked upon a crusade to purge the world of any and all copies of this book . The tutorials are hopeless and the content is severely overwhelming . They throw thousands of different concepts and tips at you , but of course do n't bother to explain any of them.Please , everyone . . buy as many copies as you can , then burn them all !
 An otherwise very thorough book has been ruined by throwing in opinions . A book of this nature should be strictly fact ; unfortunately the author decided to include her opinion on many items , i.e. , humans are evolved from fish , etc.Keep looking .
 This book is typical of the anti-Mormon rags that have been produced for over 100 years.Deputy U. S. Marshal Orrin Porter Rockwell is depicted as a murderous fanatic and `` Destroying Angel '' with such hyperbole and unfounded exaggeration that historians laugh and look upon the author with a mixture of disdain and pity.If you want to read a legitimate , well documented and footnoted biography of colorful Western lawman , rancher , and devout Christian , Orrin Porter Rockwell , see Dewey 's `` Porter Rockwell , A Biography . `` However , if you are an anti-Mormon bigot , love lurid yellow journalism and do n't want historical facts and accounts to get in the way of your prejudices and preconceived notions , then read this book , if you can still find one . Most have been discarded as a waste of print and paper by the academic community .
 I expected more from a Patricia Cornwell book than this delivered -LRB- and I pre-ordered based on her previous work ! -RRB- . Quite frankly , it was a reprise of her other novels , someone 's out to `` get '' Dr. Scarpetta 's position , there 's sabotage in the lab , niece Lucy is stressed out again and Marino , is well , Marino and the most put together character in this book .
 Maybe it 's me , but Cornwell has turned Kay Scarpetta into a bitchy , controlling character - a most unpleasant person and probably horrible to work for . Marino is cynical and constantly complaining.Whatever happened to their professionalism ?
 Could you just tell me when Kay is coming out already ? And just how is it that every female Lucy is partnered with wants her hand in marriage ? Poor Pete ca n't find a nice bowling alley babe , but Lucy has no problems here ... As has been the case of late , I was disappointed by Black Notice . A very interesting case and intriguing departmental politics all go nowhere . I love Scarpetta and wish that Cornwell would return to old form ; writing a true mystery and not a novel worthy of Oprah 's book club . I am left with more questions at the very speedy end of this novel than answers -LRB- why did the killer 's parents hide him ? Why does Kay ` not love ' her sister ? Why is Lucy absurdly angry ?? Is n't there one woman in Richmond who can appreciate Pete Marino ? And when is Kay going to realize that she really is the perfect role model for her niece ? -RRB- Let 's hope the next one is better ...
 I can not fathom how this book is on the best-sellers list ?! I had read and was disappointed in the Hornet 's Nest but thought I would give this one a try . How and why these characters stay together is beyond me ? Any interaction between Kay and Marino , or Kay and Lucy or Marino and Lucy or Kay and Agt . Talley etc etc. is simply negative , rude and obnoxious . I do n't know why they speak to one another the next day . I certainly had no compassion or concern for any of the characters . The `` twists '' were hardly a ripple in the story line that were simply dropped or so anti-climatic that it became frustrating to continue reading . I would not recommend this book nor will I pick up another Kay Scarpetta , ME `` extraordinaire '' again .
 I am an avid reader of Pat Cornwell 's novels . Point of Origin was heartwrenching . But I was extremely disappointed with Black Notice . It was disjointed , vulgar , and implausible . PLEASE BRING BACK BENTON !!!!
 I have read all of the Scarpetta novels and have enjoyed them all . I was so happy to hear about the release of this one , and while the plot kept me interested , I felt the ending was just too flat . I read it and saw the blank following page and was disappointed that she left it where she did . Marino was a terrible character in this edition , and if this were the first Scarpetta book I had read I would wonder why in God 's name Kay kept him around . I sincerely hope that the hopelessness that pervaded in this book wo n't flow into others .
 I was reading through some of the reader reviews and one reviewer called Marino the most `` put together '' character in the book and I realized with a start that this was true ! How unexpected that this overeating , cigarette-smoking , tough and prejudiced cop would be the one to stay grounded , while `` Bang Bang '' Lucy struggles to stay balanced and Kay struggles to find peace and people that are n't out to get her . Problem is , I buy the Scarpetta books to read about Kay and her WORK , not the emotional stuff , and not to see how 90 's Marino is becoming . Great forensics , as always , but a mess of emotions , a mess of a plot , and a silly ending that was just too abrupt .
 These last two books by her are really terrible.Read Evanovitch.Great series !!!
 Too many posts -- repeat of all the horrid blows inflicted , over and over . Way out disease : All too sad . New romance just does n't fly ... perhaps Cornwell should find another city like Charlotte and let Kay rest for awhile ...
 I have been a long time reader of Cornwell , having grown up in Richmond , and have to say this was the WORST of the series by far . The ending was tired and quite reminisent of past endings . It has to be hard to be original , but please ...
 I 've really enjoyed Ms. Cornwell 's books recently , and the Scarpetta series in particular . My single complaint has been that the author always constructs the story such that the entire world is out to get the protagonist . Understanding the controversial nature of the job , some of that conflict is inevitable , but Cornwell takes it to dizzying heights , and we can only wonder whether this reflects the author 's own fears.The paranoia 's tiring , the characters are predictable , and the ending 's almost a carbon copy of at least two other of Cornwell 's novels . One wonders whether Dr. Kay will ever learn .
 Conrwell is missing the point . We love the stories and the procedure , not the sentimentality of the players . I 'm moving to Vachss ; please join me
 Sadly lacking , Ms Cornwall either needs to improve her own spirits or at the least , improve the spirits of her characters . Not only are they depressing but , even worse , they are boring . This book reads like a poor quality soap opera with little to redeem it . Suggest the author pass the antidepressants around or find lives for the good doc , Marino and her agonizingly nasty niece .
 I thought I would see why Cornwell 's books are always on the bestseller list , and after reading `` Black Notice '' I 'm still wondering . There is way too much dialogue that added nothing to the plot . I also expected to find more action . Maybe I just need to read more of her books so that the familiarity of the characters becomes the important reason to read .
 -LSB- Beware - cryptic spoiler in last line -RSB- Let 's see ... the usual mishmash of soap opera and technical hogwash overwhelm what might have otherwise made a marginally interesting short story , in defter hands . In fact , it did . Edgar Allen Poe , about 1845 , wrote a much better treatment of the subject - the main subject , that is , the `` mysterious maniac '' - skipping all the histrionics , as well as the inanely convoluted and ludicrous plot elements - `` One-Sixty-Fivers '' ? Yeah , right . GET REAL ! Yet , I ca n't say the book totally STINKS . Not totally , nah . It held my interest , more or less , though there was much irrelevant drivel to wade through - these characters spend so much time bickering , spatting , spitting , spewing , flipping , and flapping at each other , they barely find time to solve the mystery ... so they do n't . Via `` deux ex machina '' it solves itself , quite neatly , in the last 20 pages . BTW , Kay - Gaston Glock sez it 's okay to tote 'em with a round chambered . In fact , you 're supposed to . I know ... it 's a `` crucial plot element '' that these highly trained professionals are too stupid to have their guns ready when maniacs attack . But that 's always been a Cornwell staple . So why do I keep reading these things ? Ah ... I think Marino 's funny . Is n't it time the big goof got his own series ? Now ... CRYPTIC SPOILER
 As I read this book , I kept having the feeling of I might have read it before but forgot the title and accidently bought it again . The office problem , Kay 's threat from the criminal and the boss , etc. are almost the same as in the other books , and the ending was also very disappointing .
 A 200 page story in a 415 page book . Enough with Lucy and her love life ! Get back to science and medicine , elements that made the previous books so enjoyable . Please give us more than a 1 page climax in the next book . Worth reading in paperback , definitely not worth the hardcover price .
 Patricia Cornwell has become quite the disappointment . Her earlier books were all exciting ; I could n't `` put them down '' . Now I doubt that I 'll ever `` pick another one up '' . The plot never got off the ground and the ending was a real let-down . Sorry Ms. Cornwell , you 've lost a fan here !
 I have read quite a few of Patricia Cornwell 's Kay Scarpetta novels and this is the last one ! I have finally realized that Kay is definitely a self-centered ... Anyway , this book really was a disappointment . I think that Ms. Cornwell would be well-served to move on to another character in her writing future , if she is indeed to have one .
 I was very disappointed with this particular book . I was hanging in there until about the last 25 pages or so . We got to France and the book just fell apart . It was n't that great to start with , but some hairy guy . Please . The romance was wrong , the Lucy character is disgusting and just rude . I love Patricia Cornwell , but at the French trip I was ready to throw the book in the trash . I suffered through , but I hope this is her worst , and I will look for suggestions from you other readers for my next . I have not lost faith in this author . Even her wrost has a way of always holding my interest . To me this is a great writer , who just decided to write crime novels . She has great potential .
 After writing a couple of really good books , PC started to massproduce kay scarpetta mysteries . This is really a massproduct without a single unique or original idea , and only based on the relations between the different characters of the stories . The characters also have become boring as their personalities are only getting some more details without any deeper contents . absolute rubbish
 I have read 9 of P. Cornwell 's books and enjoyed them . This is the WORSE one . I ca n't believe she wrote it . BORING I read to page 349 of 415 and at that point did not care who the killer was .
 Kay Scarpetta was self-absorbed and irritating . Lucy was equally self-absorbed and just plain stupid . The serial killer was an overwrought caricature that seemed taken from an Ed Wood movie . Yuck .
 A prize is surely required for the most abrupt ending ! The book itself was fine - it kept me turning until 2.00 am , but the end was unbelievable , with no expansion or elaboration of the plot details . Like a bad TV movie in this regard . An acceptable book with a completely unacceptable end .
 The angst and psycho babble are much too much and too Hollywoody adolescent . This seems to be less a novel by itself and more her editor 's strikeouts from Point of Origin - like the cuttings on a film editor 's floor . The book drags and the emotional pain -- oh the pain , oh the pining , oh the melodrama , oh the psychological analysis -- pleeeze . Sophomoric . Reeks of being put together hastily for a deadline . Having read similar readers ' comments about her newest novel , it sounds as if her good books are sadly all in the past . They were great while they lasted .
 I got this book from the library , and read it out of curiosity . It took me several days to finish . The opening scene has Kay getting a letter from Benton a year after his death . She goes into hysterics , vomiting , breast-beating , etc. . This is a grown woman , not a teen-ager . Where is her self-control ? Why the angst , the agony , the foul language in a woman touted as being smart , professional , and good at her job ? Her attachment to Lucy is sick , and Lucy is out of control . Where is her professionalism ? Pete has lost all his smarts and is merely crude , profane , and obnoxious . Did Kay ever stop and ask herself why she has so much difficulty getting along with people -- that it might possibly be her fault ? I do n't blame Diane Bray for wanting to get rid of her . The plot was loose , coincidental , and at times almost non-existent . The mystery of the loup-garou was solved easily and the subplot of Bray 's hostility was no mystery at all . Then Jay Talley shows up after page 300 and he and Kay jump between the sheets in a fury of lust . Give me a break . Such unpleasant people . Who needs it ?
 Read all of her books except Winter Table , and the first 5 or so I couldnt put down , really couldnt put them down . The last few have been so hard to read , I forced myself to read them , knowing I couldnt love EVERYTHING she wrote , waiting for the old Scarpetta to return . But she only gets more and more arrogant . And like most other reviews , I too , am bored with the Lucy character . And I too , read the reviews on this site before reading the book , but read it anyway , just hoping ... What 's wrong with Cornwell ? Her characters are now shallow , too predictable , and boring where they should be familiar , comfortable , and anxious to solve these mysteries . I dont know if I will read any more of her books . I surely wont BUY any more .
 I have read all her books and like many serial authors , Cornwell seems to feel she must include either devient sex or outrageous language.This book doese n't come close to the way people act.Three examples come to mind : the secretary suffering the loss of a husband but unable to carry on after the loss of a shopkeeper , Marino 's absolute stupidity in Europe and Kay 's mourning over her loss for a year.Her whole department suffers because she is in never-never land.It is too bad that she doese n't have some intellegent everyday chacters because her topic , a female medical examener , is wonderful.This will be the last Patricia Cornwell I will read
 Take a pass on this one . I 've only read one other book by P. Cronwell , `` From Potter 's Field . '' `` Black Notice '' does n't hold a candle to that one . Cronwell spends two-thirds of the book analyzing Scarpetta and her loss of Benton , and allowing Marino to give everyone a lot of lip . By some very tedious twists and turns , she connects the dots in the last fifty pages . Sending Scarpetta on a trip to Paris was nice , and the INTERPOL idea is pretty good ; however , these are used in a quick-and-dirty fashion , sort of thrown into the mix for good measure . An easy read , if you 're interested in reading about someone 's personal problems . Do n't bother if you 're interested in reading a murder mystery .
 Terrible book ! I did n't know who I wanted to die more -- Kay or Diane Bray ! Wish it had been Kay . `` Black Notice '' is simply terrible . Arguments come out of nowhere and sanctimoniousness is at full throttle . And why was it again that Marino accompanied Scarpetta to France ? Did he actually do anything but clobber Kay 's stud -LRB- yeah the sex scene ... unbelievable , if you can even call it a sex scene ... and him declaring his undying feelings after an afternoon romp ? Ridiculous ! -RRB- Scarpetta 's holier than thou attitude is getting progressively worse . And did she have a conversation with anyone she did n't get in a fight with or have negative feelings about ? The French cab driver ... her poor maid who forgot to change the towels ... Sheesh . Let 's not even get started on Lucy . She 's a lunatic . By now , we all know about Cornwell 's own proclivities , but does she have to give all gay people a bad name ? Please , Patricia , stop typing and start spending some of that money of yours and have a good time .
 The corpse was n't the only thing decomposing in what is the latest -LRB- last ? -RRB- Scarpetta novel . Improbable , implausible , incoherent and irrational - to start with . Between werewolf disease , Marino 's resurrection theory , drug cartels , Loony Little Lucy , weak and bizarre political manuevering , internet body-snatching -LRB- and a coroner 's office uses AOL , come on ! -RRB- , walk-ons by a Senator and Interpol , and a baffling trip to France on the Concorde , Ms. Cornwell has effectively killed Dr. Scarpetta for this reader , who just assumes this is some sort of mid-life nightmare ? Save your $ .
 Over 300 reviews so far , let 's summarize the half of them -LRB- although I found many very funny -RRB-
 I can only echo other one-star reviewers . `` Black Notice '' is , indeed , a page-turner . I flipped past 20 , 30 pages at a time , trying to jump-start the story ... to no avail.The initial crime -- a dead body inside a shipping container , with hints of werewolf involvement is , to say the least , intriguing . But that plot thread takes a back seat for most of the novel . Instead , the reader gets chapter after chapter about quasi-identity theft , a horrendous new deputy chief , sloppy lab technicians , inter-office politics and other topics that have little relationship to the initial premise.The autopsy scenes are lovingly but monotonously detailed , reminding me of Tom Clancy 's insistence on using every bit of information found in his research , whether it helps the story or not.When we finally return to the werewolf story , its resolution hinges on a convoluted , implausible situation.I 've read one other Scarpetta novel -- `` Predator '' -- and was likewise disappointed . Ms. Cornwell now resides on my very short list of `` do n't bother '' authors .
 I think it is safe to say that Patricia Cornwell has , in her most recent books , gone far astray from the excitement and originality that were exhibited in her first few Kate Scarpetta novels . In Black Notice she ` treats ' us to a basically unbelievable story full of subplots about office politics and her niece 's bad attitude that simply detracts from any ongoing narrative thrust . Cornwell long ago went over the top with the seriel killer theme , the neurotic Dr. Scarpetta theme , the lesbian niece theme , and the decline of Morino theme . Readers are wanting , I think , to see some new sense of life in Scarpetta and a fresh direction , but in this book we get bleak , neurotic , angry characters doing equally bleak , neurotic and angry things to one another . No fun.And , is n't the gimmic of making the FBI the bad guys and ATF the good guys a bit much ? Given the publicity that has attended Cornwell 's real life problems with the FBI , I believe readers would rather not see her carry the feud into her fiction . It cheapens it and just adds another dimension of heaviness the reader does n't need to deal with.If I were Scarpetta 's boss , I would insist she take a sabbatical and seek help . Since a tug of war over her position has been a theme in more than one of Cornwell 's Scarpetta books , it ill behooves her to present her heroine so scattered , irrational , and on the edge.Maybe Cornwell should take a sabbatical from Scarpetta .
 The original KS books were great , but the last three have gone steadily downhill . I initially read the series eagerly , one after the other , but this one has convinced me finally to never read another.Let 's get real here ! Someone is out to sabotage Kay 's career and discredit her reputation . She learns that someone is acting as her in an on-line chat but never bothers to contact the host and refute this ? Stupid connections , unbelievable scenarios and a meager plot sum up this book.The plot is negligible at best -- in fact plot lines were so non-existent that I ca n't even recall anything worth commenting about . The main focus was Kay 's self absorption and continued whining about her misfortune while everyone around her revolves in her shadow apparently in awe of her immense talents ? Oh c'mon ! The reader should apparently side with Kay against her sister about her niece Lucy . Kay claims that Lucy 's mother is only involved in herself . I 've never seen a character as self absorbed as KS herself.Sorry , but this book is n't worth the price or the time to read it .
 I bought the book despite the bad reviews I read here on Amazaon . I made a mistake . I thought , how bad could it be ? The story line sounded too good to resist . But this book is populated with absolutely the most angry and anoying characters I have ever encountered . To pick just one example , Dr. Scarpetta 's side-kick , Marino , is a manic , foul-mouthed police officer who always states the obvious for the benefit of readers who are just skimming . Other than Dr. Scarpetta , none of the other characters in this book had any appeal . I urge you to heed the warnings of the other readers !
 well , as a die-hard kay scarpetta fan , i was thrilled that patricia cornwell came out with another book . one of the best things i can say about this book is that it is not as bad as the last one . i was glad to be reunited with all the characters that i have grown to think of as family , but the quality of the stories has faded since the death in the subway -LRB- true fans will know what i mean by that -RRB- . although i was disappointed in this book , i will be waiting , patiently , for the next one . if you are losing faith in kay scarpetta , try reading books by tess gerriston , tami hoag or jeffrey deaver .
 This latest entry in Cornwell 's Scarpetta series was disappointing and frustrating . The title does n't even make sense . Not only is the plot full of unbelievable coincidences ; it 's also full of holes ! Is this due to poor editing , or just sloppiness on the part of the author ? the connection between someone impersonating Kay on e-mail , and the ambitious woman police chief suddenly appeared as a plot device without any establishing details . This transtition was so poorly presented , I confess I first thought my paperback copy was missing a few pages ! Characters , such as the Senator , enter the plot , hint at mysterious conspiracies or scandals , and then disappear . A subplot about an untrustworthy employee is developed as a central theme , and then suddenly fades , as if the author lost interest . Well-known characters , such as Marino and Lucy appear extremely unlikable and abrasive in this book -- as does Scarpetta herself . Characters do n't communicate or talk with one another , they simply rage and argue . There is a noted uneven quality about the book -- we are given endless details about autopsy tables and lab fixtures and hotel furnishings , yet the plot details are sketchy , and characters seem to move from scene to scene without transition . The details of evidence gathering , autopsy procedure , and police work have a ring of authority and authenticity , yet the notion that the Medical Examiner 's office for the state of Virginia would use AOL for their email server made me laugh out loud ! This book made me feel cheated by Cornwell , as though she were dashing it off without much thought .
 BIG DISAPPOINTMENT ! I was hoping that the Scarpetta novels had gotten back to great plots and storytelling , but Black Notice would not pass a sophomore English class . It is the same tiresome characters with incoherent , wandering text that never comes together . There are countless subplots dropped into the story , yet not one makes sense . What is Senator Lord 's involvement with Interpol ? And what made this morally righteous , genius of a coroner think that a man she barely knows is falling in love with her after a night in the sack ? Ick ! And why ? This book just alternates between whiny -LRB- poor Dr. Scarpetta works too hard , everyone is plotting against her , and her bitchy niece Lucy wo n't call to thank her for the flowers ! -RRB- and just plain goofy -LRB- the online impersonator -RRB- . I do n't usually cheer for the murderer , but these characters are not even likable . Patricia Cornwell is capable of much better , but I doubt I 'll be reading it . Shame .
 Unfortunately I gave Cornwell yet another chance to return to the form that made her early books gripping and a worthy read . This one is filled with the now trite themes we 've seen before
 I was so disappointed with Cornwell 's latest . I mean , could we have a more tired plot , sub-plots , and ending ? I feel like I just had the lame charaters and story from Hornet 's Nest shoved down my throat under the guise of a Scarpetta novel . What is with this young handsome guy falling in love with Kay after a quick fling and talking about moving to VA ? And what is with her sobbing over the loss of her beloved Benton , only to then become emotionally entangled with some young whipper-snapper moments later ? Umm , could I ask what was Marino 's purpose in France ? Did they ask him anything ? Did he contribute ANYTHING , besides coming along as Kay 's escort ? Was he even a detective at the time , not to mention the detective assigned to the case ? If all these other agencies find him so valuble why do n't they freakin ' HIRE HIM ? And the werewolf - I 'm glad we got a good view into his twisted mind - NOT ! I know , let 's pull in some more obscure and fantastic medical conditions to add to the total stupidity of the story , instead of creating a plot line that is actually interesting and clever . It 's like you find out what 's going on and say , `` Ooops , for a second there I thought we had some neat twists and turns coming , guess not . '' And Kay 's lame attempts at ` profiling ' then wondering what Benton would 've said . Kay needs to get a grip and take a vacation , and maybe address the problems her disturbed niece is having . And why does her sister or mother always make a little appearance in the story - to fill space ? Anyway , how many of Kay 's boyfriends are going to get blown up ? Maybe Kay needs to find someone NOT involved with law enforcement . Or put Marino out of his misery and just sleep with him . That 's obviously what he wants . Or Cornwell is just confused again about where she wants her story to go . And apparently Kay has learned nothing in all her years of risky cases and psychopaths - `` I think I 'll just open up my door to anyone . '' And I would have thought there was some chain of evidence rule about taking things home with you that are relevant to an open case . And the whole office problem thing was soooo lame . And her supervisor 's whole role in the story was pretty ridiculous . Basically it contributed nothing to the overall story , which is pretty weak to begin with . And what happened to him anyway ? I always liked her books because of the realism . But murder scenes with no detective present ? Federal agencies not seeing Lucy as the loose cannon she is , and benching her until she gets some psychiatric help ? Not to mention the conflict of interest between Lucy 's personal and professional life and how inappropriate her behavior is . Sucessful detectives put back in uniform for no reason ? No checks and balances on the processing of drugs through a morgue ? And what happened to the cartel ? Guess that 's supposed to encourage us to buy the next book - I think I 'll just borrow that one from the library .
 I found myself struggling to finish this book . Normally I ca n't put a Cornwell book down . I read from cover to cover almost in one sitting.BLACK NOTICE , and it 's predecessor , POINT OF ORIGIN were books that got shuffled to the back of the bookshelf for when I did n't have anything else to read . It appears that Cornwell is moving away from the stand-alone novel and moving into the area of novel-in-serial , where in order to understand one you must read the earlier works . Some of the twists and turns will be explained in the later book , LAST PRECINCT , if you can hang on for that long of a journey.Scarpetta still solves her crimes but she appears to be doing it while whining and complaining . I 'll read her next books because I want to see where she takes this character , but I wo n't buy them .
 I felt ongoing instances of deja vu while reading `` Black Notice '' -- same characters acting the same way , and repetitive plot devices that Cornwell has used ad infinitum . The main characters do not grow or change at all during the course of the novel , and the rest of the cast is as thin as the pages they are written on.Someone needs to teach the author the difference between foreshadowing and telegraphing . I wo n't reveal the unsatisfying ending , but any reader will know after the first 25 pages where this one is headed . I believe several other Scarpetta books have ended in the exact same fashion.The only thing remarkable about this book is the lack of any type of suspense . And the only mystery is that Cornwell is paid so much to write so poorly . Let 's hope she invests some of that cash in taking courses at the local community college . She could use some tutoring on plot and characterization .
 What a mess . The only explanation for book like this is that the author was facing a contract deadline to crank out one more in a previously sucessful series . Also , maybe that her books have been selling so well that her editor is afraid to cross her . This used to be a pretty good `` procedual '' series . Procedurals work best if the law-enforcement research and facts are detailed and compelling . The author 's forays into psychological depth are amateurish and , worse , are tempting her to skimp on the technical details that were her forte.Like many of the other reviewers , I 've lost patience with the one-dimensional depression and paranoia of the Scarpetta character , the rage of Marino -LRB- does it have to be pounded out in every single line of dialogue ? -RRB- , and the non-stop chaos of Lucy 's life.And for heaven 's sake , enough with the serial killers . It 's getting hard to find a thriller that does n't rely on the serial-killer gimmick to generate suspense . When will he kill again ? Who cares , if even the first killing just generates a lot of random questions that the author never bothers to answer ?
 IF DR. SCARPETTA SPENT AS MUCH TIME WORKING IN HER MEDICAL EXAMINER 'S OFFICE AS SHE DOES DRINKING , SMOKING , AND LUSTING OF MEN AND HER NIECES LOVERS MAYBE SHE WOULD ACTUALLY SOLVE A CRIME . WHEN THE BAD GUY COMES RIGHT TO YOUR DOOR , DO N'T ANSWER UNLESS YOUR DESPARATE FOR A DRINKING BUDDY . IT 'S HORRIBLE WRITING AND TERRIBLE STORY BUT I READ ALL OF MS. CORNWELL 'S BOOKS AND WILL PROBALY READ THE NEXT ONE . MS. CORNWELL PLEASE SOBER UP YOU AND YOUR EDITOR .
 The author has lost all respect for her characters and her readers . I 've read all the Kay Scarpetta novels this was the last . A complete dud .
 If this is Patrica Cornwall style I wo n't be wasting my time on her books . Found it outlandishly dull . Hard to finish and when I did I thought what a waste of time . Give me Grisham , Clancy , Patterson , Clark , Glenn but not Cornwall .
 I 've read everyone of Cornwell 's books and spent a fortune to have this shipped to HK when it was hot off the press ... . glad Amazon gives a good discount since I was disappointed.Overall , the book was a bit tired ... it lacks the excitement her previous books had and the story was a bit disjointed ... the side-trip to Paris was a messy detour . Whatever `` history '' she provided sounds as though it came from a Michelin guide.Perhaps the introduction of a new young lover from the FBI may rev things up in the next book which should simply be termed a sequel ... you can see it coming.Also , it 's about time Cornwell has Lucy grow up and develop her `` character '' a bit more ... her basic personna has remained the same throughout each book while Marino 's shows signs of maturing although I do n't think he is as `` 90 's '' as one reviewer suggested!Ms . Cornwell , why do n't you retire your secretary , Rose , and replace her with someone who generates a little heat with Marino ... love and efficiency all in one!Think Virginia West is a better protagonist than Kay Scarpetta is at this point . Kay , you should either get some of your spark back or opt to retire along with Rose and have Patricia Cornwell write about your successor !
 This is the worst in a series of books that has been declining in quality . Same old gang - same old problems . Kay Scarpetta has to be the most unhappy person in the world . The weather is always gloomy . Marino is always testy . Lucy is always a brat . I 've realized that I do n't give a darn about these people and will never read another Cornwell book .
 I loved the early Scarpetta mysteries . The last few have been pretty lame . It must be hard to write this type of stuff because I found Kathy Reich 's second book over the top also . Who really believes that MEs are that involved in these cases that they are ever in danger ? And when was the last time you saw a prominent newscast or newspaper including pictures of the ME ? Implausible , hard to believe and tiresome . Kay is too self-important and claims to be an expert in everything from scuba diving to medical examining to computers to lesbians to FBI operations and now sex with the new young guy . Scarpetta is not likeable and has become so angry and paranoid that I do n't want to read about her anymore . I realized in this book that Benton might be the only character I liked at all and now he 's gone . And I never knew Kay loved Benton that much -- she fought with him all the time like she does with everyone else . Well it 's all fiction and did n't happen -- is n't happening -- and the characters are not real . Hope her next one is better . Now I 'm looking forward to Sue Grafton .
 For once I would like an original story line from Cornwell . Every one of her Kay Scarpetta novels has the same story line . Lucy and her current life partner in trouble . Marino in trouble on the job . Kay having love troubles , and job troubles . However , after reading the putrid Hornet 's Nest , maybe Patricia just is n't a very good author . Stay away from this book ...
 This latest book in the Scarpetta series was a big disappointment . Was this a forensic medicine story or the next plotline for Days of Our Lives ? Too much emotional baggage and way too little forensics and prodedural , clever details . The plot was plodding , and when it did start to build an interesting political intrigue subplot that would take a brilliant coup for Scarpetta to emerge victorious , the author copped out with a cheap , ridiculous Hollywood ending .
 I used to enjoy the Scarpetta series , beginning with the first novel , Post-Mortem . I drifted away after From Potter 's Field , because I was tired of serial killers . What I enjoyed about those first novels was the realistic setting , characters and scales of the crime . I started reading again with the last novel and now this one . The characters have become unrealistic , jet-setting James Bond types , although James Bond does n't spend so much time whining and complaining . These are really unpleasant people investigating ridiculously complicated crimes . This book 's minor characters and sub-plots make no sense -LRB- Diane Bray ? -RRB- and Cornwell 's technical writing skills have deteriorated terribly . She also seems so focused on some kind of personal agenda about women and sexuality ... I do n't understand what 's happened to this series .
 Patricia Cornwell continues her downhill slide . Although not as bad as her last several books , Black Notice is a big disappointment . The story line is full of holes , questions and unrealistic nonsense . The book also has an unpleasantly misogynistic tone , especially when dealing with the odious Diane Bray . I can only assume Patricia Cornwell 's personal issues are spilling over into her work . Bring back the old , intriguing Kay Scarpetta and gang , not this whiny bunch .
 Boring , almost depressing - no suspense like other Cornwell novels , kept waiting for the story to devleop . I actually would have put the novel down except for the fact that I was so angry for buying it in hardcover I was determined to finish it so I could give it a fair review . Do n't waste your time or your money on this one . Cornwell should kill off this series and start over with a whole new cast of characters .
 I have read all of Patricia 's books . This book took me forever to get through . I found it very hard to believe everyone was out to get Kay . Lucy needs some new focus ... I have always liked all of her characters ... but this book just did n't endear them to me . Will be difficult to rush to buy the next book in this series ... and I buy many books ! I will read the reviews on the next one before I buy another disappointment .
 If you like angst-ridden novels in which the whining and crying go on and on forever , this one is for you . While the plot is a fairly decent one , the crying and whining carries on throughout the book
 I was slightly dissapointed with this book . There was very little character development , and the plot starts out with a bang then drags out , before it is wrapped up in very few chapters .
 I loved Postmortem . I have read all her books hoping that they will return to that level . This one did n't , not even maybe ! I highly suggest that you should skip it unless you have _ nothin ' _ else to read ! What a waste of paper and time !
 The `` crime '' got lost in all the `` psycho-babble '' about Kay 's dead lover , her crazy -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- police friend and her gay niece . It was , `` Oh , by the way , we did catch the killer '' . Her techinical writing is great and I enjoyed her first three or four books very much.Patricia , please go back to your previous style .
 Cornwell seemed to be resting on her laurels with `` Black Notice '' . I found the story to be disorganized and hard to follow . She introduces several elements , but then goes nowhere with them . I felt the story ended with several threads left hanging , or with forced conclusions . She would have done better to simplify the plot and leave out some of the extraneous story lines .
 I have read all of her books . The last two have been just terrible . She has lost her touch . Try Nelson Demille - he is outstanding !
 I have never read a Patricia Cornwell book before and was very `` unimpressed '' with it . First , she deals more with character interaction than the problem at hand . Second , she portrays men as pot-bellied , t-shirt wearing , foul-mouth men who care more about their social life than their job . All women are `` olive skin beauties '' , with perfect bodies , and ALWAYS in authority over men . The language was sickening , and way overdone to get the point across . I suffered through the first chapter and ended up throwing the book away . I assume it is now in the landfill where it belongs ...
 This is the worst of the lot - close to Hornet 's Nest . Have been a fan and read all of the books twice , but this one screamed with angry characters and predictable plot . Much of the plot seemed to come from past stories . Maybe this one was just for therapy - Kay 's , Pete 's , Lucy 's & Pat 's .
 Is n't there supposed to be at least one likeable character in a book ? Every character in this book was depressing , with no redeeming qualities . Scarpetta spent the entire book feeling sorry for herself . Marino is a drunken bum . Lucy is a walking time bomb . I do n't remember Benton being such a great guy . Why has his death destroyed so many lives ?
 The book started off strong . I was really getting into to it , I did n't want to put the book down , until the end . What a disappointing ending , it 's as if Patricia Cornwell did n't know where she was going with the story so she decided to quickly throw an ending together . It did n't do the book justice !
 Imagine escaping death at the hands of a crazed killer , not once , not twice but over and over and over again and still making the same stupid mistakes . Perhaps Dr. Kay Scarpetta has a death wish ... Why would someone trained to deal with death not know all the stages of mourning , and not seek counseling?Why is it such a big deal that Lucy is gay and why is she protrayed as such a loose cannon?To say I was n't at all pleased with this read which was slow going until the halfway point would be an understatement . Unless Dr. Scarpetta and her niece get some psychiatric help , I wo n't be following her exploits any more .
 What a strange plot . Scarpetta and Marino are ordered by ATF and a Senator to go to Paris . `` Go and go right away . We need your help . '' When they arrive at Paris Interpol , Kay is told , `` You may be our only hope ... . Police ca n't go inside the Paris morgue and start asking questions . '' So Kay is told SHE needs to contact the chief French medical examiner , on the pretext she 's just looking her up because they were on a symposium panel together once , and `` she 's agreed to talk with you , '' and , by the way , how 's your drug case investigation going ? But when she gets together with the French medical examiner , the French doctor says , `` when you called , I knew what it was about because I 'm the one who asked you here . `` So the French medical examiner needed to ask Interpol to fly an American medical examiner -LRB- with her police buddy for company -RRB- to France on the Concorde in order to relay a message to Interpol in Paris ?! Is Cornwell the only person alive who does n't know how AOL works ? We read in the book , `` I brought up the menu on my computer and looked at the icon for AOL . I logged on without a problem , meaning no one else had done so first ... . Ruth called back minutes later and sounded excited . ` He bought a computer and printer last month , ' she reported . ` For about six hundred dollars . And the computer came with a modem . ' '' ` And we have AOL software here . ' ` Tons of it . If he did n't buy his own , he certainly could have gotten his hands on it . ' `` Of course , the killer , having shipped one of his victim 's bodies across the Atlantic , decides to follow the body and stalk everyone investigating the crime in the US ?! There are better books out there . Skip this one .
 After I read her last book , Point of Origin , I was hesitant in buying into Ms. Cornwell again . Being optimistic , I bit for this one . And it did not bite back . In fact it gummed me to death . Did anyone else find the dialogue so cluttered a dustbuster could n't clear it up ? I do not like to * dis * any book or any author , they do something I can not -- write . However , in good faith , I can not recommend Black Notice due to poor plot , dialogue , & frustrating folly.other reading suggestions
 Oh , my . What is with this whole conspiracy thing . Let me premise this by saying that I 've read all of Patricia Cornwell 's books , and was looking forward to this one coming out , but what a disappointment ! Why must Lucy somehow be connected to all of Kay 's cases . How realistic is that . Oh , how I wish that she would go back to the earlier storylines where there was just some serial killer out there , and Kay and Marino just went out and did their jobs instead of all of this highly implausible international intrigue that Ms. Cornwell makes us plod through . I do n't know how many more books that Ms. Cornwell can put out about these characters , because they 're apparently all about to have nervous breakdown 's ! If you 're also sick of these crazy plot twists , check out Kathy Reich 's books , they 're alot like the early Cornwell ones . Pure science and thriller , none of this crazy mess .
 I used to be able to read a Scarpetta book at least twice . Now I have trouble getting through the first read . I guess the author is n't the only one who has lost interest in the series . I 'm tired of outlandish and cartoonish killers and I wish Cornwell would learn how to write endings . It 's all so old . Kay 's mates are killed off , Lucy is nuts and miserable and gun-happy , but always in loving relationships . Kay is always the killer 's target . People are always out to get her . There are always a number of amazing coincidences to tie things together in a hasty knot that passes for plot . I 'd like more crime and much less of Kay 's messy , uncontrolled inner life . Now THAT is a frightening place and I do n't want more than glimpses . I do n't want to know how unhinged Kay is becoming . I thought I was buying a CRIME novel .
 I have loved the Scarpetta series from Post-mortem . I was appalled at the foul language used throughout this book and the lack of a plot . I was hoping that this book would be better than `` Hornet 's Nest '' and `` Southern Cross '' but I rate them the same . Point of Origin went back to her original writings but I 'm not sure I 'll read another . Very disappointing .
 The feeling I had while reading Black Notice is that Cornwell has created this intriguing , fascinating world , but she 's floating up above it looking down . She refuses to swim down close enough to really take in -- or convey -- the details . Any tidbits we did get seemed like they came off of some master Cornwell checklist . Sullen characters becoming more sullen -- check . More superwoman deeds with a touch of stupdity to make it believable -- check . E-mail as the source of all evil -- check . You get the picture . I really think Amazon , B & N , Borders , etc. need to move Cornwell out of the mystery category & stick her in personal growth . There is no mystery to her books anymore . The last few have been more about Cornwell than Scarpetta . The ironic thing is she 's even turning off some of her gay fans . Some friends of mine -- a lesbian couple -- have n't even bothered to get the last two books autographed . Even they think it 's time for Cornwell to get off her soapbox and get back to plots with substance . Logical , gratifying endings would be nice , too .
 The story was farfetched , drawn out , and the characters improbable . But worst-the details of autopsies on burned bodies revolted me , a surgeon of many years
 I have read most of Patricia Cornwell 's books and I have a hard time believing that the characters just seem to stand still and do n't grow in any way . Marino seems to be a cartoon character built upon every generalization of middle-aged overweight men you ever heard of , Kay Scarpetta just ca n't be that unaware -LRB- we all knew the suspect was outside the door and who was stealing in the morgue -RRB- . A book about Lucy could be very interesting at this point , she seems to have growth potential . I was disappointed with the overall story and the complete lack of character growth - no one here seems to have learned anything from their past .
 I was a fan of Cornwell 's very early books but in the last few years I have given up on reading them because of her poor writing . I was influenced to read `` Black Notice '' because of some very glowing reviews on this web site . Luckily I did n't buy the book but found it at my local library . I read the first 50 pages or so and could n't believe that anyone would publish a book with such poor plot and character development , poor knowledge of police procedure , and choppy unconnected writing style.Ms Cornwell either needs to take a vacation from writing or her editor needs to edit better .
 I have been a big fan and avid `` Skarpetta '' fan since Cornwell 's very first book . For a long time I have been to the point of not even reading her reviews , the bookcover panels , etc. , I just KNEW her book would be well worth it . I was so disappointed with Black Notice . For starters , it is so unlikely that she would meet the perfect man and even care while her career lays in ruin , her neice is in danger , Moreno 's job is on the line , her computer system is being broken into and she has dead bodies all over the place . But she has time to find the `` second '' Mr Right and dump him all in one setting ??? Very not like Kay Skarpetta . Also , all of the loose ends are just that , loose . And at this point , I could care less if Lucy dies , if Skarpetta loses her job , and I am kinda rooting for `` Chuckie '' . But , as usual , I will probably calm down just in time for her next one .
 Lucy is angry . Marino is angry . Kay is angry . I 've read and enjoyed every one of the Kay Scarpetta novels up until now , but the characters have become as predictable as taxes . Even those who made their debut in this one -- Diane Bray , Jay Talley , Det. Anderson -- are cardboard . To add insult to injury , the dialogue was often inane and we learned virtually nothing about the killer other than bizarre surface facts . Looks like Patricia Cornwell phoned this one in .
 Kay has deteriorated into a poor storyteller , and seems to have become a very unstable person - was Chief Bray on the right track with her dismissal ? The story jumps all over , Marino seems to have become a liability rather than a brilliant detective . Kay ca n't figure out who is leading the seduction , and we did NOT need the kernal about Benton 's autopsy . I really used to enjoy the smooth writing of these books , but it seems to degenerated into some disjointed stream of conciousness . Time to search for a new author !
 While I have really enjoyed the first 3 books of the series , I find myself asking with each subsequent book , `` Who the heck will Cornwell kill off next ? '' Maybe that annoying absentee mother of Lucy 's , maybe Kay 's long lost uncle , maybe Marino 's hairdresser . Patricia ! Listen up ! You stretch our disbelief to the breaking point with all of these deaths . Mark gets blown up , Benton loses face -LRB- groan -RRB- and a friend of Kay 's is shot mistakenly after her sister is claimed for a serial killer 's victim in an earlier book . Other than my overall objections to the series ' determination to kill off everyone Kay loves , Black Notice was a fine book . But it did n't scare me like Post-Mortem or engross me like Hannibal . And the prose sometimes gets so dense I feel like I 'm launching myself into a brick wall by catapault and sliding right down . I just ca n't fall into the book in the techical parts .
 This book compounded the disappointment I felt when reading the last Kay Scarpetta novel . If I wanted to read about love , sex , anger , grief and subsequent angst I would n't buy a book touted as a mystery . The real enchantment of the beginning books in these series was Kay Scarpetta as a professional in the fascinating field of forensic pathology . Her character was fleshed out in a realistic way by her relationships with Lucy , Marino and Benton AND there was real mystery to be solved . Now , Lucy is a basket case and so is Kay . Benton is dead and may be lucky at that and poor Marino is n't getting the attention his character deserves . Bray and her sidekick are one dimensional -LRB- where in the world did they come from ? -RRB- and the sub-plots were an annoying distraction . My overall impression is that the author is falling apart . It is my sincere hope that she gets back together . But in the meantime do n't waste your time with this book .
 This series has not gone the way I 'd hoped . Kay used to be a great medical examiner completely committed to solving crimes . Now she 's an emotional basketcase and I 'm forced to read about it . Lucy is dangerous as well as an emotional basketcase , and Marino is half the cop he used to be . The plots are unrealistic and closer to melodrama than gritty crime stories.The series is getting stranger and I do n't like it .
 The latest Patricia Cornwell entry is totally boring.What little plot there is concerning a killer , or the werewolf , is secondary to the soap opera antics of dear Kay .
 I really love her Scarpetta-books , but this is a true disappointment . Wimsical , sometimes uncomprehensive . And the end are so flat and short that you wonder if you lost the last twenty pages . There 's a lot of promising plots that Cornwell starts but she seems too unfocoused to give them a satisfactory solution . And please , Madame Scarpetta , stay in Richmond . The Paris excursion with the `` Hunchback from Notre Dame '' - theme are a bit too thick for European-audience .
 A good strong start with ` traditional ' attention to detail in both setting and characterisation . However I am unsure how many of the Scarpetta novels have now featured the criminal at Kay 's doorstep . Move house , change telephone number , get better security ... . develop an original ending ? Do something to save this enjoyable character -LRB- and another Southern Cross is most definitely not the answer ! -RRB-
 Scarpetta is a detail freak in her work but has no concept of follow-through in her life . Things happen that are just ignored , it seems like the plots are a pastiche of paragraphs about Scarpetta which are forced into a chronology by her editor . The woman can write ; I wish she 'd take a story idea , outline it to figure out what she wants to say and where she wants to go , then go there . There 's brilliance , and great sentences , solid characters , good science . But what holds them all together ? The binding .
 The majority of the book is spent tangling and untangling relationsips that have little bearing on the plot . And speaking of plot ... where was it . The book drags on forever only to have everything wrapped up in less than 20 pages . This book has no relation to the earlier solid writings in the other Scarpetta novels . Though not a total waste of time this is one book better left on the shelf or at least wait for the Cliff notes to come out .
 Cornwell presents a crime and then goes way out into left field with distractions , sub-plots and too much anger . She should have kept with the forensics that she does well .
 It 's pretty easy to describe my feelings about this book : `` It 's terrible - do n't bother - I will never buy another book from this book series - the end has come . `` I used to love reading Patricia Cornwell 's books . Oh well , it must be hard to keep the characters and plot lines fresh for such a long time.I 'll have to find another author to replace this one .
 Any book with 275 reviews does n't need another but -- being from Richmond and all -LRB- note to author
 i was reading the inside flaps of the summary of the book , and the words , `` retreive hidden evidence '' and `` carry out a mission '' made the book sound pretty exciting . but i am so wrong . the book rushed at the ending , was slow , and was pretty bad . although i think unnatural exposures was the worst book , this was pretty bad too .
 This is my first Patricia Cornwell book , and I 'm disappointed . The dialog is sharp and not convincing . The book reads more like a made-for-TV mini-series than of a novel . There is an excessive number of subplots , none of which deal with catching the `` werewolf '' . I 'll give her one more shot to impress me .
 i thought i had misunderstood previous reviews and that this was going to be one of the better books . what a confusing plot ; then to end the book as quickly and as incompletely totally irritated me . i do n't think i 've ever walked away from a cornwell thinking that it was a waste of time and money but this time , as much as i hate to admit it , i did . for a beter read , plick of james patterson 's new
 OK , so the `` Black Notice '' of the title is a dead body that shows up in the first couple of chapters . By page 150 they still have n't even finished the autopsy . The plot is buried in layers of irrelevant and tedious detail presented with a tortured writing style.If that were n't bad enough , the majority of the first half of the book is dedicated not to this intruiging story line , but - and I 'm not kidding here - to a burocratic power struggle amongst egotistical civil servants . I can not remember every having read a more tedious , uninspiring , lengthy and pointless subplot -LRB- although I have n't read anything by Tom Clancy recently -RRB- . And this whole subplot is based on the premise of a computer security breach that even the most novice user of AOL would find laughable.Throw in a cast of annoying , unsympathetic characters -LRB- not even Kay or Mariano are even the least bit endearing -RRB- , most of whom are unbelievable to boot , and you get a read that is tiresome and pointless.Worst book I 've read in quite some time .
 Come on , Ms. Cornwell , lighten up ! Black Notice was a splendid yarn about a Werewolf but so many sub-plots were thrown in , the character-development and his origins were buried . I have always loved big , brusque , protective Marino but in this one his disgusting behavior was a real turn-off . He typified the `` ugly American '' when they were in France . And where was your usual grand and glorious ending tying in all the loose ends ? This one seemed to just abruptly stop.From the description of the killer , with his long body hair , ugly face and pointy teeth , it was completely illogical that SOMEONE did n't spot him long before the end .
 Although a somewhat exciting read , this is far lacking the previous polished Kay Scarpetta novels . The characters have ended up depressed and miserable , it 's time to start writing something uphill . There was n't a hint of suspense , and I found myself reading more of a soap opera drama starring the key characters in goofy dire straits . The story did n't flow , and i found many instances of descriptions that contradicted what was just a few lines or a page previous . I feel this was sloppy writing by an otherwise excellent author . We dedicated Cornwell fans could go the extra few months for a book release if it meant a tidier , more believable story .
 This is garbage , just like POINT OF ORIGIN . I really liked the first few Scarpettas , but the series has run out of ideas . Yet another conspiracy in the workplace . Yet more scenes chez Kay with Marino and Lucy acting out the same cycle of angst . Please just stop it ! If you want crime writing in which the characters keep developing , try Lawrence Block . Or if you want fresh crime writing from the female perspective , go to Minette Walters .
 Devoted Cornwell fans will hate this , but I do n't care much . Patricia Cornwell writes thrillers to a formula and Black Notice reads as though she is writing without thinking . You know , been there done this so many times you do n't have to think any more . Her clinical descriptions of a coroner 's work are meticulous and for me , the best part of the book . However generally , Cornwell 's use of language is thoroughly pedestrian , the descriptions of Dr Kay Scarpetta 's grief over her lost lover overwrought , clumsily written and they slow down the action . By the end of the book I could n't have cared less who the murderer was . My first Patricia Cornwell read - and my last . Not worth an autopsy .
 I was SO looking forward to reading this latest Scarpetta , but what a letdown ! The entire book seemed to be little more than the author pushing -LRB- via Kay 's preachy dialogue -RRB- some kind of bizzare whining , pro-NRA , rah-rah America , quasi-Republican , Anti-beautiful woman/pro-lesbian adgenda . Some of which I agree with , some not -- but none of it is what I want to read for entertainment ! The worst bit had to be when Kay tells her Latin American housekeeper `` But , Rosa -- the police here are n't like they are in your country '' . A close second was her assuring Lucy 's latest squeeze that `` Love is never wrong '' . When , oh when , did Kay become such a trite , pontificating bore ? I 'm not sure if P.Cornwell has a new editor , or if she herself is going through a mid-life crisis , but I hope the old Scarpetta comes back in the next book . And for God 's sake , enough with the firearms ! Paragraphs that used to go into great detail about medical/forensic procedure are now describing everyone 's handguns in practically erotic sensual prose . All in all , a kind of strange read .
 I just did n't buy the premise . The story was not interesting and I had figured out what was going to happen from the very beginning of the book . I was really disappointed that Black Notice did not live up to her earlier works .
 Do n't bother wasting your time with this book . Would have rated this a ZERO if possible and unless Patricia Cornwell dramatically improves this is certainly the last book I will be be purchasing written by this author .
 One of the worst books I have ever had the displeasure to read.The only reason I finished reading it was in the hopes it would somehow become exciting . Much too descriptive when not necessary and some of the worst dialogue in print.Does this author actually talk to people or merely imagine what conversations might be ?
 I have read most of the Scarpetta novels . I think this is the last . The author has lost her focus and this book was simply boring . Nothing exciting happened and the end was a complete contrived bust . It will take a big sell to get me into another one .
 Patricia Cornwell can spin a story that keeps you reading andhas built up a regular readership with her Kay Scarpetta series.However , the latest installment , Black Notice , depends on that fact -- only regular readers will know the background regarding Carrie Grethen , the death of Kay 's lover Benton , and the tortuous family relationship Kay has with her sister and her lesbian niece , Lucy . That background brings a richness to the plot that is n't there for the first-time reader . The medical mystery is also disappointing . Solving it requires more luck and coincidence than sleuthing , and readers know that the bad guy is going to turn up on Kay 's doorstep -- not because he has to , but because the bad guy always does ! And once again , Kay 's personal life is a shambles . You have to wonder , with so many people out to get her , maybe it 's not them -- it 's her ! She brings a little cloud of misery with her everywhere she goes . Prozac , a nice vacation , and a real romance without all the angst is my prescription for Kay !
 This book was a disappointment after reading all the other books written by Ms. Cornwell . It was gloom and doom from start to finish . It was extremely depressing .
 Patricia Cornwell should consider renegotiating her book contract in order to space her work to match her muse.The early Scarpetta novels set a justified high standard that has deteriorated -- particularly in `` Black Notice '' -- to soap opera and continuing unresolved personality cul de sacs for her main characters.The Loup-Garou thread is intriguing , even unique , in its development and resolution -- a small gem in recent mystery fiction . Unfortunately it is nearly submerged by the continual weeping , wailing and gnashing the characters inflict on the reader for the bulk of this dark book.Certainly the issues confronting Cornwell 's protagonists are gloomy and serious . Unfortunately , the histrionics are unrelenting and any early empathy a reader might feel is soon turned to impatience and irritation from the continual breast-beating and the book 's frequently grating tone.I have finished all of Cornwall 's mysteries except for `` Southern Cross '' which I put down early because I thought it lacked direction and commitment . I had similar early feelings about `` Black Notice . '' However , despite the screeching , self-indulgent background noise in `` Black Notice , '' I stuck with it until the end just for the resolution of the Loup-Garou case.Sadly , the payback was too little compensation for enduring the soap opera in which the mystery is packaged . The book reminded me of the old line about `` cramming forty minutes of material into eight hours . ''
 I have read all of the Kay Scarpetta mysteries . She and the rest of the gang started off as creative , interesting characters . They have `` evolved '' into just the opposite . What first intrigued me were the clinical details AND the characters . The settings and details are still of interest , but the characters have turned into one-dimensional static charicatures -LRB- Marino as overweight blue collar rough cop , Lucy as angry brainiac , etc. -RRB- There is no passion or life left in any of them . Alas ... I fear I must bid farewell to Kay and Ms. Cornwell .
 Black Notice hints at the talent that Patricia Cornwell once displayed so effortlessly . The loup garou and Bray story lines promised greatness ; rivals to Kay 's throne from two different angles . I was looking forward to how Kay was going to solve the crime and deal with the professional challenge . Unfortunately , Cornwell revealed a startling lack of depth , and opted for the easy outs . She fell back to her old obsessions with Lucy and Marino ; each becoming an increasingly disagreeable caricature of her/himself . And where did this sudden passion for Benton come from ? That relationship always lacked warmth and compassion , nevermind passion . His death was just another convenient ending for her last Scarpetta book . This might be a good time for Cornwell to consider collaborating with another author who is a strong closer . She 's petering out at third base and is unable to bring it home .
 As a fan of Patricia Cornwel , Black Notice was a great disppointment.It was an ordeal to continue reading this book , hoping it would get better . The dialogue is disjointed and the plot momentum is non-existent . The character development relies on heavy knowledge of Cornwell 's past books and her characters do not grow in any meaningful way , they actually de-volve instead of evolve . The author 's previous Scarpetta book and her most recent are so absent mindedly written that I assume she has lost interest in this character and is ready to move on . The book ends abruptly and leaves the reader hanging and dissatisfied . The international flavor and romantic interest is forced and comes into the book as an after thought.Cornwell 's best Scarpetta novels are the early ones and end with `` From Potters Field '' .
 I was about half way through the book before I realized I had never read a book where each character was more unhappy than the previous one . Depressing and uneventful .
 This is the first novel I read in this series . I had heard great things about the other novels . I 've read my share of mysteries and psychological thrillers to know , when I 'm reading an exiciting , ca n't put this book down , book . This book was anything , but exciting . It was slow , tedious and it kept putting me to sleep . I could n't read more than four or five pages , before I had to put the book down , because my mind was n't on it . If this book is so boring , it makes me wonder about the beggining of the series . It did n't bother me that she is a Medical Examiner . I 'm used to watching a British mystery series on A&E about a pathologist . I 've watched an autopsy , so none of that stuff mattered . There was little plot and no character development .
 Even more unbelievable than the last . How has the earth managed to continue life as we know it before Kay and Lucy ? PLEEEZ ! Lucy is way too smart and pretty and computer-whizzed , blah blah blah . Oh and by the way , a lesbian . What is that about ? I swore I would n't read another one of her books . She should have quit after the third - first three were very good . But they just get so outlandish and silly . Inane . Who cares ? No more Cornwall for me - I swear .
 I was very disappointed in this book because of its vulgar language !
 I have never been draged through this author 's sordid mind before , and I do n't plan on it happening again . Her characters are the most implausible group I have ever encountered . She lumps totally opposite people together and never gives us a single reason why we should believe these people would ever have anything to do with each other . She drags us up and down the narrow streets of her mind splattering us with gore and deceit , but never gives us a reason to feel for these troubled characters . It is seemingly an after thought that she finally creates the main villian in this story . He never actually materializes though , and of course it is next to impossible to believe that he even could exist . All that is bad enough , but suddenly and inexplicably the author tires of the entire charade and ends the story so abrubtly that it took me a few moments to accept the fact that it was finally over , and be grateful that it was . Do n't waste your time !
 For the past couple of novels , Cornwell has left me disappointed on how she ends her books , no buildup at all , just the killer popping up out of nowhere to try and kill our heroine , Kay Scarpetta . This book has been the worst yet . With 10 pages to go I 'm wondering , where is this going ??? I was very disappointed with Black Notice and hope that Cornwell becomes a little more creative on how to wrap up her stories .
 A new book starring Kay Scarpetta is guaranteed to cause me to pull out my checkbook immediately . Unfortunately , like many of the other reviewers , I found Black Notice a disappointment for a number of reasons . Wesley Benton was a moderating influence in previous stories , and I miss him greatly in the current book . Kay Scarpetta seems less organized , more bitter , and her angst colors the entire story . Lucy has become a distraction , rather than a contributor to the storyline , perhaps she should have been the one killed off ! I would also agree with one of the other reviews that the ending of this book was hurried , poorly crafted and undeserving of the hundreds of pages of buildup .
 I stopped reading the Kay Scarpetta series after the first three books , and after reading this , the worst so far , I remember why
 I WAS a big fan but I am not anymore . What happened to the ending ? Did the publisher say you could n't go over 470 pages ? You could 've left out the sex-that was totally unnessasary and you got alittle too technical on the medical-we 're not reading a JAMA artical here . I wanted Loup-Garou to pick up Lucy 's gun and end all their misery ! I 'm tried of the bickering , the overprotective aunt , the unwarrented sex , the omnipotent Dr Scarpetta . I hope in the `` Last Precinct '' it is the end and Kay either retires or gets killed . Patricia Cornwell needs to move on-she 's pushed this character too far and me too .
 A write must learn to end a series if they can not keep up with strong and original plots . As a former admirer of Ms Cornwell , I am very disappointed in this book . The plot is so bizarre that it is difficult to take it seriously . There are too many references to a previous story-line -LRB- Benton -RRB- that is tiresome for those of us who have not read the Scarpetta series in chronological order , assuming that it was a recap of a previous book . The characters ' flaws are so exaggerated that one wonders how sophisticated Scarpetta can even put up with a klutz like Marino , and why ? Too many weird scenarios to count ! Do n't bother with this unless you are a die-hard fan of Scarpetta !
 Having worked with pathologists and ME 's in my life . I find them interesting people . I also like to read fiction starring their profession , regardless as to how far out from reality they may be . It 's fiction , right?But this offering from Cornwell is n't her best work . The whole book felt like a rehash of old sections of previous work . Was it worth the read ? I suppose . I read most of it on a plane when my expectations were pretty low when it came to entertainment so it was fine for me . But the murderer was n't very compelling and the regualr characters from the series seemed warmed over and predictable.I like Cornwell 's work , but this felt more mailed in than well-thought . Do n't run out to get this one , but if you find it in the used paperback bin , it 's worth picking up for a rainy day .
 You never realize how truly disappointing a book can be until you realize that there are approximatley fifty pages left and countless plot lines flapping in the breeze . Cornwell is a master storyteller . Unfortunately , Black Notice if incredibly similar to many of Dean Koontz 's books in that the author tells a great story but has no clue how to tie everythign together and end the book . Like Koontz , Cornwell chooses to simply end without tying up many of the plot lines.My advice , do n't waste your time .
 I am normally a fan of Cornwell but this one is over the top . There is a LARGE amount of unnecessary detail in this book that makes you want to scream or at least keep turning the page until you get to a part that matters . The various plots jerk you around many times . The characters seem to say the same thing over and over again . I found the whole book frustrating to read and finished it in the hope that it would get better !
 Do n't follow Kay Scarpetta to Paris ! You might think a change of scene would do this poor , wrung-out character some good , but it simply places her in contrived relationships and silly situations . Most embarrassing
 I 've loved most of the Kay Scarpetta series , but this is a poor offering . It reads as though someone had forced Cornwell to write this while in an extremely bad mood . Ever since Cornwell became disillusioned with the FBI , neither Scarpetta nor Lucy has had the same fire . -LRB- And Benton , of course , had to be killed off . -RRB- The tone of the book is gloomy and bitter . There is none of the thrill or dark humor of previous books , and even the autopsy scenes are dull and distracted . The book reads as though the intriguing and slightly surreal first half was written by Cornwell , then a pedestrian ending was slapped on as an afterthought by another less talented writer.The plot revolves around a serial killer with odd physical characteristics , and his deformity is an ugly and unnecessary complication ; it has nothing to do with his motives or with solving the crime . Come to think of it , nothing in the book really works toward solving the crime -- the murderer literally shows up at Scarpetta 's front door . -LRB- If you think I 've spoiled the ending , do n't worry -- you 'll see this coming for several chapters -RRB- . The most interesting new character , a semi-villainous police chief who would have made an interesting foil for Scarpetta , is gone by the end of the book.The Scarpetta character is more than usually self-involved and MarthaStewart-ish , detailing hotel decor and pasta recipes while plot holes go unaddressed . Marino is more oafish than ever , and Lucy comes across as a spoiled , selfish brat . Even the doctor 's colleagues seem weary of her.I 've always liked that Scarpetta was an imperfect heroine -- selfish , a bit patronizing , and slavishly class-conscious . In this case , however , her faults and her maladjusted grieving for Benton do n't make her more human . They make her a real pain in the neck . I hope that by the next book Cornwell gives Scarpetta her life back .
 This is the tenth Kay Scarpetta novel , and it might be time for Cornwell to move in a new direction . The early books were made compelling by the science of the medical examiner , solving crimes based on clues found on the bodies - trace fibers and hairs and intriguing wounds . However , the series has devolved into a Kay Scarpetta pity-party . This seems like about the fourth or fifth book in a row where Kay 's deep and traumatic emotional life pretty much drives the story . The monstrous villain with the one-in-a-billion medical disorder is not new , nor are the attacks on Kay 's house and office . But her constant whining about her emotional distress , the erosion of the Lucy character to nothing but a gun-and-an-attitude , and the cut-and-paste story line make for pretty tedious reading . Worst of all , the autopsy scenes around which the early stories pivoted have now become mere sidelines , tasks that Kay must perform between her breathless rasslin ' matches with the bad guy and her teary memories of Benton . The Scarpetta series is stale , Cornwell needs to move on to a new theme . I 've read my final Kay Scarpetta story .
 The main story line does n't even start until halfway through the book . There are some half-hearted attempts to tie everything together , but they do n't really work.And what 's with the niece and her relationship ? Its as though Cornwall feels she has some obligation to include a dysfunctional lesbian relationship . WHY ?? Its not as though the book 's about homosexuality , and its not as though there is an integral character who just happens to be a lesbian . Its pointless . And Lucy is SO unsympathetic.I guess the worse part is that its not really a mystery . There are no clues that would allow the reader to figure anything out . Everything is resolved abruptly . Scarpetta does n't figure anything out .
 I devoured the first Scarpetta books , but ever since Cause of Death , reading her books is continually disappointing . I mean come on a killer with excessive body hair , a warewolf ? This is more like an X-File episode , and do n't misunderstand me I love the X-Files . However , Scarpetta and Marino are n't Scully and Mulder ! Also , like other reviewers have written I am little sick of the Lucy storyline.Quite honestly I think the best of Scarpetta is in the past . I am now on a new series by Dennis Lehane and it is absolutely fantastic ! Try him instead .
 `` All That Remains '' and `` The Body Farm '' were classic contemporary mysteries , but Ms. Cornwell 's best days are plainly behind her . In `` Black Notice , '' an absurd X-Files werewolf-chase , we learn that the wonderful Scarpetta is not only an adulteress but now a bimbo who sleeps with men half her age the same day she meets them . The insufferable spoiled-brat Lucy continues her insufferability , while the best character in the series , the once acutely-drawn Pete Marino , is humiliatingly reduced to a one-dimensional buffoon . I gave up on this one about 70 pages before the end . It is disgusting . Ms. Cornwell 's incessant promotion of homosexuality and adultery is growing profoundly tedious , and the thrilling page-turner , ca n't - put-it-down quality of the earlier novels is completely missing . Perhaps Ms. Cornwell would be better off writing `` true crime '' books . My mother passed away a year ago . She loved Patricia Cornwell 's writing , and while I mourn Mom 's passing , I 'm glad she 's not here to have to suffer through this rambling , artless trash . This is certainly the last time I will pick up a Cornwell novel . John Sandford is now undisputably alone as the best writer in the genre .
 All the characters in this novel are continuously , gratuitously belligerent . It 's one big block of road rage . Kay swears at Marino ; Kay yells at her niece ; Kay 's niece yells back ; Marino calls everyone crude names . None of the characters shows any humor , tenderness , or capacity for interesting observation . So the book weighs like an old Soviet housing project.Although Kay Scarpetta has a tastefully appointed home , her mental terrain is a mean , drab monolith . Even when she pauses in her pursuit of the sadistic killer and indulges in what could have been a little romance in Paris , she stays on the same pitch of pugnacity . Cornwell , obviously projecting herself into her Scarpetta alter-ego , has her lover gush unlikely adorations at her - between bouts of contention , of course . Her lover tells her that she is so beautiful , he ca n't take his eyes off of her . In response , Scarpetta hurls more invective at him , of course . And on it goes.There are a couple of passages of interesting autopsy detail here , but these CSI-like sections are becoming fewer and farther between as the Scarpetta series progresses . It was the wealth of scientific , anatomical knowledge that drew me to the series in the first place . As these sorts of chapters get drowned in the sheer dreary uniformity of character complaint though , there seems less and less reason to pick up one of these books.I had in fact decided to swear off Cornwell after the last few duds in the series . However I found myself in a small town Texas truck stop with nothing to read . All they had in the way of paperbacks was a rack of Louis L'Amours - and then , incongruously , this Cornwell novel on a shelf . Since I 'm not particularly a fan of the Old West genre , I thought I 'd give Cornwell one more chance . But I 'm advising you , if faced with the same limited choice - even if you really do n't like westerns - stick with Louis L'Amour .
 I thought I would see why Cornwell 's books are always on the bestseller list , and after reading `` Black Notice '' I 'm still wondering . There is way too much dialogue that added nothing to the plot . I also expected to find more action . Maybe I just need to read more of her books so that the familiarity of the characters becomes the important reason to read .
 As a faithful Cornwell reader , I can not help but be discouraged by this most recent literary nosedive . The book is poorly executed , characters not fully developed , and the story line lacks Cornwell 's usual spine-tingling twists and turns -- and ultimately a satisfactory conclusion . Can this reader be saved ? Yes ... if Cornwell 's upcoming book is worth my time ... but guaranteed I 'll wait for paperback .
 Kay is obsessed with the loss of Benton , acting as if it was just yesterday instead of a year ago , in fact , that pretty well is the main story . Cornwell needs to return to her action packed scenarios of previous titles and shy away from the psychological aspects .
 Having read all of her books I must write to say how disapointed I was in her latest offering . The subplots are poor , the perp not believeable , and the ending awful . However , her writing about forensic medicine and the world of law enforcement is as good as ever but I think I have read it before . Maybe she has run out of fresh ideas and should take a break instead of tossing her readers a lean meatless bone .
 I 'm a first time reader of Ms. Cornwell and this novel was very disapointing . The plot was fairly plausable , but there is were all reality stopped . Moreno appears in this book to be a stupid , blundering ass who 's affiliation with anyone over an 80 IQ is totally unblieveable . I ca n't believe Kay 's relationship with this dunderhead would last over five minutes in real life . Both her and Moreno 's character would n't last over a day if their inputs to their supervisors were what went down in this novel . Example ; Moreno 's presence at a crime scene while on suspension . The police would n't let him anywhere near it.Since this is the first novel I 've read by this author , I 'm going to try one more to see if this one was just a fluke . Hope so , because the writing in this one is amateurish , with dumb dialog from every charater except the French doctor and the ATF Interpol liason agent.Well ... we 'll see .
 The underlying feeling when reading this book was pull yourself to together and stick to a story , not the harping on Scarpetta 's innermost feelings . Most of all I wish she would drop the character of her niece . Lucy is an unlikeable , petulant nothing . I have no interest in her at all and her constant moodiness . Cut away from her and the story line is okay . Winds up too fast and I ended the book feeling like the author suddenly tired of the whole thing - as did I.Think Cornwell is churning them out too fast and not lavishing the attention on the plot as she used to . I would advise others to skip this one .
 I have read all of Patricia Cornwell 's books , and have truely enjoyed them ... until this one . Kay Scarpetta spends fully two-thirds of the book in some kind of depression , absorbed with `` personal '' problems , and in a generally weakly written personal battle with another strong female character . This novel does neither woman any favors -LRB- nor does it do any favors to Patricia Cornwell -RRB- . I would , frankly , guess that , unfortunately , production speed and `` reaping the rewards '' outweighed a substantial , well thought-out story .
 Okay , Scarpetta , get over yourself . Sure , your life is tough , but whose is n't ? At least you 're not as cranky as you were in your last go-around . And tell me , when did you stop being a simple medical examiner and start saving the world from every lunatic out there ? You might want to speak to your supervisors , 'cause they 're putting a helluva lot on your shoulders . And do me a favor , will you ? Slap Lucy for me . I know it must be hard to be so smart and find out your ex-lover is a pyschopath , but gim me a break . And if being gay in the '90s were as tough as she makes it out to be , I and a whole lot of other people would 've slit their wrists long ago . Does n't anyone in your family find joy in anything ? Maybe this new young stud of yours can knock some sense into you . I hope so , 'cause your adventures are becoming just a little too depressing for words .
 Not up to her early novels , I found it very hard to get into.Her key characters have too many distracting problems that stray from the story line . Glad got the book from the local library , not worth the price .
 Scarpetta was a truly fascinating character in the first book , but in `` Black Notice '' , I believe she has become a self-absorbed excuse for a medical examiner-detective . And poor Marino ! We knew he had problems and he was a sloppy dresser , etc. , but Ms. Cornwell has completely stripped him of any likable traits . Lucy is a niece from Hell . And the storyline - unbelievable ! If you do n't know what to do with a character , kill her off ! Please , Patricia , fire Scarpetta and end it !
 I urge Cornwell to take a break from writing and come back to us w / a new , fresh story line . Unfortunately , this novel continues the downhill slide of Cornwell 's characters . Convince us Cornwell that you still have a story to tell .
 I typically enjoy Cornwell 's Dr. Kay Scarpetta character , but for some reason this book was a far cry from the usual enjoyable read . Perhaps it was the complete nonsense masquerading as a story , or the unbelievably boring details that constituted the alleged plot . Whatever the reason , upon finally finishing this painful waste of time , I literally tossed the book into the garbage . I not only wish I had my $ 5 + back , but also the 5 + hours of my life , wasted on this joke of a book . Do n't buy it .
 For readers who want a well-crafted suspense story , skip this immature , feeble attempt at mystery . In this particular selection , Kay Scarpetta is an emotional cripple as testified to by the rampant adjectives that describe her delicate condition post her lover 's death . This novel was grossly disappointing because of its consistent use of similes that test the patience of any well-read reader . Similes are sprinkled everywhere as if someone wrote a prescription for this novel that ordered a certain amount making the work silly , almost laughable . For a professional cornoner , the main character is both unprofessional , consistently a blithering woman and hangs onto a detective , in Marino , who was grabbed out of the 1950 's with his wisecracking , emotional outbursts , and immature and unprofessional behavior of a New York City dectective . Sorry , but this novel is just plain a waste of any intelligent reader 's time .
 I have yet to get so disgusted with a series that I actually stop reading it , but this one is getting close . I keep reading them because I am curious as to how the author is going to dig herself out the hole she has created . I am sick and tired of Kay 's perfection . She 's a doctor , a lawyer , a forensic pathologist , the Chief Medical examiner , a certified scuba diver , etc. , etc. , etc. . She is selfless to the point of being unreal . There are even passages in the book where Kay thinks to herself that she should be worried about what 's coming up for her , but all she can think about is her niece 's problems and feelings . And speaking of her niece , the author puts way too much emphasis on Lucy 's sexual orientation . It is emphasized in some way almost every time Lucy 's name comes up . I can understand pointing it out at the beginning of the book for those readers who are just entering the series , but to keep pointing it out throughout the whole book is too much -LRB- and the author has done this ever since Lucy joined the FBI -RRB- . As for Marino , I do n't expect the author to change him into a candidate for GQ , but his constant angry attitude , foul mouth , and slovenly looks are getting really hard to bear . How come Kay seems to be the only one who sees any good in him ? Despite my rantings , I will go on and read her next book , The Last Precinct . I am curious to see where the storyline goes because she left this one so abruptly , but at this point , I ca n't give a ringing endorsement and would encourage people to either start at the beginning of this series or do n't bother .
 I confess to having not read any earlier examples of the Kay S. series , but after this novel I am disinclined to try . The plot is so predictable it makes an epsode of the A-team look like Dickens , and the CME herself is a woeful example of author wish-fulfillment . There is no element of mystery in the entire book , except perhaps to wonder why anyone bothered to cut down the required trees . The characters frequent boozy flights of self-examination verge on humorous , other than that watch the worst TV detective show you can find .
 I have read all of Patricia Cornwell 's books up to this point and have enjoyed them all . I did not , however , enjoy Black Notice . Rather than focusing on Dr. Scarpetta 's work , there was WAY too much focus on who was out to get her . I want to read about the cases she solves , not all the black stuff that 's going on in her own life . Some is OK , but not half the book . All of Cornwell 's previous books were full of excitement , but Black Notice dragged on and on ...
 Black Notice is the beginning of the dark period for Patricia Cornwell . Do n't get me wrong , I love serial killer books , but her books keep getting darker and darker - depressing to read .
 This book is so awful , I do n't even know where to start . If I could give it no stars , I would .
 One of the few books that I did n't care if I finished it or not . It is one of the Scarpetta series books and guess from the reviews that I read that the Scarpetta series is much like the Alex Cross series by James Patterson . The first few books are outstanding and then the rest are not worth buying and reading , a waste of time and money.I 've never read a book so full of angry , bitter characters . I had no compassion or concern for any of the characters and did n't care if they lived or died . Cornwell seemed to throw in new characters and subplots without them leading anywhere -LRB- page fillers , perhaps ? -RRB- Interpol requests Scarpetta and her detective partner Pete Marino , who is on suspension , to fly to France . Why ? What was the purpose of Marino going ? He did n't do anything except open his foul mouth and show how stupid he was . Many times I wanted to scream that people do not act this way . There is a lot of unnecessary detail that makes you want keep turning pages to hopefully get to a part that makes sense . Then finally there is an abrupt ending immediately after the one page climax.If you do n't care about any suspense and a plot that does n't work but instead you savor words and phrases that are rich with details and descriptions , then this might be the book for you .
 This is a really poor effort by Patricial Cornwell . If this had been the first book of Cornwell 's that I had read , I would have been likely to not read any more books of hers . Instead of a good mystery , we are offered extreme details of office politics and a slow moving plot , with a B-movie climax . The characters are extremely caricaturized here , and there also is a lot of self-righteousness and self-declared vulnerability on the part of Scarpetta . Overall , this one can be skipped .
 I was very disappointed with this book . I found this book 's premise to be totally unbelieveable . The book got off to a good start and really captured my attention but the ending was very unsatisfactory . This book dwells too much on gory descriptions of murders and autopsies and spends way too little time developing the killer character . When you finish the last page of the book you know very little more than you did when it started . I am also getting pretty fed up with Cornwell 's pre-occupation with Kay Scarpetta 's brilliant , gay niece , Lucy , and her lesbian love affairs . This girl belongs in a mental hospital , not the FBI . And then to top it off , Kay is now embarking on a love affair of her own with someone young enough to be her son . Am I the only reader who would like to see Kay and Pete Marino as a couple ? Of course , Cornwell keeps painting a picture of Marino as such a slob this would probably be an impossibility . I recommend reading Cornwell 's earlier installments in this series - the characters and plots are much better and you wo n't come away feeling stupid for wasting your time reading them .
 Patricia Cornwall has managed to turn this reader from one who could not wait for her next book to be released to one who is finished reading them . It may suprise her to learn that the sexual orientation of a person only clutters up a good story unless it has DIRECT bearing on the story being told . Lucy needs to get a life and grow up . I really miss the excitement of the her earlier books . I have found this nagging issue true of her last 3 novels .
 I have scrolled through the various reviews here , as well as having read this novel myself and reviewed it for a couple of print publications recently . At first , I felt badly about giving Ms. Cornwell a negative review ; she 's one of my favorite writers , after all , and it felt like betraying a friend . But , having read the reviews here on Amazon.com , I do n't feel so badly about my negative assessments now because I realize I 'm not the only one with severe misgivings concerning `` Black Notice '' . Ms. Cornwell , we LOVE Kay ... . you are a wonderful writer and you 've made us feel that way about her and Pete and Benton Wesley . That 's why we find it so hard to believe how cardboard and one-dimensional they have ALL become . I hardly think I 'd like Scarpetta were I to meet her in real life . And Lucy ? That child needs to be slapped upside the head - it 's high time a girl her age -LRB- and working for the ATF no less -RRB- grew up and started acting like an adult , not a whiny , petulant brat . Poor Pete - you may as well kill him off now , because with each book I feel him inching closer and closer to a heart attack or a stroke or worse . As for Scarpetta ... why is the world against her -LRB- particuarly all the serial killers in it ? -RRB- Is there some literary rule that says KAY MUST NEVER EVER BE HAPPY ? My God , Lucy 's new girlfriend , Jo , better get out quick ; otherwise she 'll wind up just as jaded , one-sided and BORING as the other characters in the series . Though I found the novel 's pace break-neck as usual and your forensic descriptions first-rate as always , PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE read your reviews - not from critics necessarily but from US ... your readers and -LRB- for the time being -RRB- loyal fans . Believe me , much more of this and I fear our ranks will reduce quite quickly . Good luck to you - I hope for better next time .
 I 've read all Cornwell 's books - but , man , this is the last one . I thought the other series she does was boring , but Black Notice is not only poorly written it is as dull as a desk job.Maybe Cornwell could take her foot off the pedal for a couple of years - despite lost earnings -LRB- and judging from her alter ego Scarpetta , Cornwell now has Dollar Signs in her eyes -RRB- . She is definitely in need of some new ideas.Harping on about Benton is pointless
 I was very excited when the new Scarpetta novel was released . I was very disappointed to find it the worst parts of all the previous books . In Southern Cross the Richmond PD was just cleaned up . How did a Diane Bray character arrive ? If you do n't know what to do with a character-just kill it off . Why is every killer personally after Scarpetta ? When is Lucy going to grow up and start treating people with something more than hostility ? The icing on the cake of this book was the `` experienced '' Scarpetta romancing . In the 14 years these books have covered she has only dated two people . A thirty year old is just too young for her-making him forty would have made the romance more plausible . Marino was treated so badly it was ridiculous . I wo n't be looking forward to a next book as much .
 Sadly , Cornwell continues the careless writing of what was once an absorbing series with good characters . In this book , Scarpetta has enemies at work ... again . A killer appears in her house ... again . Marino eats too much , smokes too much and is jealous ... again . Lucy is the world 's unhappiest lesbian ... again . Kaye has almost the same fight with her sister as she did two or three books ago . This book has finally allowed me to break the habit of reading every book in a series and every book to the end .
 The skinny on Patricia Cornwell is that her first three Scarpetta novels were first rate and the rest are n't worth reading . Black Notice does nothing to alter this with it 's poor plotting and characterization and emphasis on the characters ' weepy angst . It 's a shame , really . PC has so many loyal fans that anything she writes goes straight to the best-seller list and makes her another five million dollars , so why spend a lot of time on suspense , believable characters and tight plotting ?
 Patricia Cornwell 's books are deteriorating rapidly in terms of quality -LRB- i.e. innovation , writing style , research , depth -RRB- , their characters are gettingeven more tired than their readers and the grisly morgue details fail to arouse anyone 's interest as most has been covered in previous books . Patricia should look for another set of characters -LRB- at least if she wants to retain yours truly as a reader - and I have bought and read all her books so far -RRB- .
 Kay Scarpetta was one of the most interesting characters to enter the crime fiction genre . Intelligent , strong , independent and complex - she found herself in superbly written and engaging plots . Not any more . The Scarpetta series has been losing quality over the last few books - this is definitely a continuation of that trend . The characters that inhabit this book are cardboard cut outs of their former selves . There is no snappy dialog , no witty exchanges or brilliant , inspired detective work . Everything happens by the numbers - the only surprise this book delivers is whether you can bear to finish it . The characters , plots and climaxes are getting tired - do yourself a favour - steer clear of this one .
 Ms. Cornwell 's Younger Man/Older Woman obsession now rears its nasty head in this series as well . Perhaps it is supposed to be titillating , but it ends up being tedious and forced just as in her other novels
 Disappointing . This was the first of the series that I read . I could n't figure out the background so I never got into the story . The end wrapped up too quickly and then just dropped off .
 EEE GADZ ! What happened ? Anyone speak non-sequitur-ese here ? This was an angry novel which depicts Kay Scarpetta as an unhappy , nasty , witch with a B . This patchwork does not work . I am disappointed , I truly love this author and the stock characters . Kay Scarpetta needs a vacay .
 Cornwell writes light books that are best read `` books on tape '' style . I like them , they are what they are . She seems to know a lot about forensic medicine , but not much else . Only in her books would Smith and Wesson make a seven shot revolver or an educated person -LRB- let alone an entire self respecting health department -RRB- use AOL . Outside of these little flights of fancy , it 's a cool little book .
 I was extremely disapointed with the ending of this book . I have read all of the Scarpetta novels and this one was ... . oh , I do n't know . I enjoyed the book until the end . There was all this talk about the killer and horrible they were ... yadda yadda ... And then when they do catch him it 's like `` Oh well , here he is and do n't we feel sorry for him and please do n't shoot him '' . It just seemed to be a MAJOR letdown . I 'm not sure if I plan to read more Scarpetta books or not .
 I was SO looking forward to reading this latest Scarpetta , but what a letdown ! The entire book seemed to be little more than the author pushing -LRB- via Kay 's preachy dialogue -RRB- some kind of bizzare whining , pro-NRA , rah-rah America , quasi-Republican , Anti-beautiful woman/pro-lesbian adgenda . Some of which I agree with , some not -- but none of it is what I want to read for entertainment ! The worst bit had to be when Kay tells her Latin American housekeeper `` But , Rosa -- the police here are n't like they are in your country '' . A close second was her assuring Lucy 's latest squeeze that `` Love is never wrong '' . When , oh when , did Kay become such a trite , pontificating bore ? I 'm not sure if P.Cornwell has a new editor , or if she herself is going through a mid-life crisis , but I hope the old Scarpetta comes back in the next book . And for God 's sake , enough with the firearms ! Paragraphs that used to go into great detail about medical/forensic procedure are now describing everyone 's handguns in practically erotic sensual prose . All in all , a kind of strange read .
 I am midway through Black Notice , the first book I have read by P. Cornwell and I can not believe she has been a best selling author for how long ? Would somebody email me at ajohnson@vvi.net and let me know what is so wonderful about these books ? I am not a dodo , but this stinks . . Sorry
 Cornwell 's earlier books were much better written than this one . I wish she would go back to the days when her books were based on real crimes committed in VA. . Those were her best books . Also , her work needs better editing . There are typos throughout , and somebody from Richmond -LRB- i.e. , Cornwell -RRB- should know how to spell Shockoe -LRB- NOT Shockhoe -RRB- . Plot seemed contrived .
 I know this is fiction , but Kay 's world just is n't plausible anymore , and it threatens to overwhelm the strong forensics and the whole series . She has n't got a single real relationship . If a person were treated the way she treats Marino , that person would be long gone . Her relationship with her niece consists of bickering . Her relationship with her sister consists of juvenile nagging with a major breast fixation thrown in . Her relationship with two of the other females in the story , Bray and Anderson , consists of nagging , bickering and at least with Bray , more breast fixation . Scarpetta 's confusion and grief over Benton , who she did n't even seem to love in the last two books , ring false and Cornwell seemed to struggle to present profound grief . The result is a very slow and choppy and messy first half , where Kay comes across as lost and on the verge of losing her grip . Cornwell is going to have to decide if she 's writing for us , the Scarpetta readers , or herself and her own personal explorations . While this writing-as-therapy is fine , it 's not what Scarpetta has been about . The grandiosity Cornwell feels compelled to shove at us has her chief medical examiner a professor , a consultant for the FBI , a consultant for the ATF , on the staff of the new forensics institute and now , a consultant for Interpol . Give me a break . Nuclear terrorists , biological terrorists , homicidal millionaires and now , a hairy homicidal millionaire , the Loup-Garou . While I enjoyed the forensics around the Loup-Garou , the fact remains , NOTHING is normal or real in Kay 's world anymore .
 I read Black Notice yesterday , and was pretty frustrated . Thebook jacket talks about a transatlantic mystery , but why does it take3/4 of the book to get to France ? Because we need to hear about how everyone is out to get Kay -LRB- again -RRB- . I keep reading this series hoping that it will return to form -LRB- see Postmorten -RRB- , but it 's just getting more sloppy . At one point , Cornwell tells about how bacteria are breaking down the Container man 's cell walls . Cell walls ? Did n't she learn in high school that only plants have cell walls ? One example of how she does n't care enough to put enough thought and effort into a medical mystery plot . Does n't she know that most serial killers are not freaks of nature , and the fact that they are generally perceived as just like you and me is much more scary than anything she has conjured up in a while ?
 `` Oh , Please ! '' is what you 'll say when the identity of the serial killer is revealed in the end . Hey , I thought this was supposed was supposed to be a crime-mystery-suspense title ... should we recategorize BLACK NOTICE as another Danielle Steele ??? Disappointed Cornwell Fan
 I have read all of Patricia Cornwell 's books -- paid the hardback price , too ! But , I recommend that you do not read this one even if someone gives it to you , free . The book is very disjointed and predictable . Pass this one up -- trust me , do n't waste your time .
 After reading `` Black Notice , '' I felt I should call the NYPD to see if Cornwell is holding a gun to her editor 's head to force publication of yet another whiny , confused , poorly edited and ultimately infuriating Scarpetta novel . Readers of series do enjoy growing with continuing characters , but just as in the one preceding this volume , `` old '' characters are plopped in without adequate introduction , thus mystifying new and less-devoted readers as to the details of previous actions and hence the effect on present motivations . Cornwell needs to take a long rest before tackling any more Scarpetta volumes !
 I 've read all of the Kay Scarpetta novels . This one is my last . It rambles and wonders aimlessly in search of a plot line . Lucy and Marino have becoming very dark and very annoying . Read Kathy Reichs `` Death duJour '' for a better read .
 When I came to the end of the book , I honestly believed I had gotten a misbound copy that was missing the last 30 or 40 pages . The ending was completely unsatisfying.I 've loved Patricia Cornwell 's previous books but this book seems unfinished and forced.The `` relationship '' with Talley seemed an afterthought
 I was very disappointed in the newest Kay Scarpetta book . Same old story line , same old ending . Really is too bad , ca n't think of an author who 's books I have always looked forward to reading .
 A few years ago I discovered this series . Mystery mixed with forensic science made for an interesting story . Also you cared about Kay , Pete and Lucy . But something happened to our heroes . Kay became an adulterer . Pete became irrational . Lucy never grew up . And worse , the books started to be more about these characters who I liked less than about the problem to be solved . I just finished Black Notice . I think the whole story could have been told in three chapters and 40 pages . Everything else was personal problems and politics . I love a good mystery . The main characters should be interesting people who you care about but they should always be secondary to the narrative .
 Predictable if you read her last 3 novels ! We are first introducted to the sexual orientation of each character which really clutters up the plot . Was the plot of this novel to lead to a new life for Kay as a New Yorker who will be free to be herself ! Notice how all the men in her books get killed off ? It is ashame as her previous books were so good and she needs to learn to let Lucy grow up and that we do not care what the character 's sexual orientation is as long as it 's not necessary to the plot . Definately my last Patricia Cornwell book !
 In Cornwell 's ` Scarpetta ' series , drama has increasingly yielded to melodrama , and characters have deteriorated into caricature . Moreover , the characatures have become revoltingly self-important and Self-absorbed . Scarpetta herself spends a great deal of time deploring the extent to which others fail to accord her the deference she deserves . Her attitude is understandable , though , since the world -LRB- as depicted by Cornwell -RRB- revolves around her . She is the target of all the villains , and is idolized everyone else . It 's sometimes difficult to remember that she 's only a medical examiner . I 've about given up on Cornwell . Her non-Scarpetta books were dismal failures , and her latest Scarpetta books have n't been much better .
 This is as maudlin a book as can be . Most of the time the characters are weeping
 This is the first Patricia Cornwell book I 've gotten , and I bought the audio version . I 'm glad to see from the other reviews that she has written good books in the past . Perhaps I 'll try one of them . This book is not one I would recommend . It has excessive and gratuitous profanity -LRB- yelled at you in the audio version - constantly -RRB- , the characters are unlikeable -LRB- especially Marino -RRB- and react in an illogical manner -LRB- Kate opens the door even though she suspects that the `` werewolf '' is out there , and then tries to protect him from being shot even though he has horribly murdered several people and in the process of doing her too -RRB- . The profanity was tiring - Kay , Marino and Lucy could have outdone the toughest foul-mouthed gang member in this one . Are we to believe that people talk like this , and often ? I do n't think so ! The so-called `` werewolf '' syndrome the bad guy has is actually a rare genetic disorder called `` congenital general hypertrichosis '' and is basically confined to an extended family in Mexico that has black hair . -LRB- You can find the information - and pictures too - in just about any genetics book . -RRB- How she came up with a blond werewolf is beyond me . Lucy and Marino contribute little to the story - they could have been left out of this one . The parts where Kay does her medical examinations are good . Gross , but very realistic and believable . The story had a lot of potential , but fell far short of it .
 Ever the optimist , I bought this novel hoping that Cornwell had improved over her last , disappointing Scarpetta stories . Kay has changed for the worse , remaining hysterically out of control during the entire novel ; the realism and credibility of this character has disappeared . The secondary plots are distracting to the point that they overshadow the story line , making it incidental and trite . The climax was predictable and silly , and held no enjoyment for me.Scarpetta is overbearing , controlling and convinced of her own , singular wisdom as she seemingly fights against everyone else in law enforcement . Absurd . Lucy 's situations are irrational and her character continues to be focused on her lesbianism -LRB- sounds like Ellen -RRB- . I was disappointed - could n't wait for the book to end.Save your money .
 Black Notice is an affront to P. Cornwell 's loyal readers ! It quite possibly is the worst book ever written , with the most tired ending ever . The problems
 The author , the editor and the publisher should all be ashamed of themselves for producing and selling such drivel . I ca n't determine what was worse - the irritating , one-dimensional characters , the implausible events , or the inconsistent details . Some examples
 This book just follows the life of Kay Scarpetta round and round , all her usual cronies and loves but I have n't heard about the murders since the very beginning . I 've forgotten what the book is about . And some say there is ` blue ' language . I 'd call it ` black ' , and you must tolerate M ___ F __ ing on every single page , times 3 , the whole book , plus extra G-D-ing , blasphemy , etc , and the only thing I have n't had to endure is a sex scene -- thank goodness . Not done yet , though . Am close to the end , and this book is so boring , it 's hard to get there . I do n't believe Cornwell even wrote this book . It does n't have her flow because of the constant profanities , like jarring bumps in the road , and sounds as if it is written by a younger person who is used to including constant profanities in their own language . If she has a good story , why ca n't she just put it together and make it a relaxing read ? It makes me wonder , ` Who wrote this ? '
 As a long-time mystery and Scarpetta/Cornwell fan , I bought Black Notice for entertainment . I was n't prepared to be a captive voyeur to Scarpetta 's angst and to wonder between the lines how much was projected from Cornwell 's own psyche . The axiom is that successful writers write about what they know best . I wish she had stayed with fiction
 Very disappointing , unlike her other books , we spend the whole book in Kay 's mind , who is the Diva here ? I 'm not interested in finding out that Kay is beautiful or has beautiful breasts , it 's the autopsys and the mystery I miss . Plus , several unanswered questions , Why was the body put in the container ? among others .
 The willing suspension of disbelief is something with which I 'm fairly generous when it comes to recreational reading . But not here . Irrational dialogue and behavior . Scarpetta and Marino take turns acting as if they in need of a serious medication regimen . The plot lacks credibility . When will this series have a strong male character ? The ending ... well , was there really an ending or did the author get as tired writing this stuff as I did reading it ? Do n't bother .
 Once again I am drawn in to Kay Scarpetta 's world by the fascinating details of forensic science . But with with each novel I am finding the chief character increasingly annoying , self-centered and and one-dimensional . When the story strays from the police procedural stuff I find myself wading through the worst kind of melodrama involving Kay , her murdered lover and everyone surrounding her . I mean , can anyone read the dialogue between Dr. Scarpetta and Talley -LRB- at the Paris restaurant -RRB- without gagging or giggling . The whole issue of how Kay faces adversity is treated by the author without the slightest hint of -LRB- intentional -RRB- humor or irony . The book is extremely joyless . How could someone with no coping mechanisms stand to be a medical examiner at all?Tne major flaw of the book , and one that occurs in several of Cornwell 's novels , is that the eventual capture of the serial killer has very little to do with the following of forensic clues to expose the criminal . Rather , once again , the villain is undone by his obsessive need to go after the Chief Medical Examiner herself , and is defeated in hand to hand combat by our heroine . Wo n't these guys ever learn ?
 I liked a lot the two or three first books of Patricia Cornwell with this unusual new character , Kay Scarpetta . Pete Marino and Lucy were also well described second roles and the serial killers involved in the stories very disturbing . I was then pretty sure that Patricia Cornwell would become one of the major crime stories writers of the years to come . But with books and years passing by , I realized that I was wrong
 Cornwell 's latest Kate Scarpetta crime novel , Black Notice , is so bad one would like to think it was a parody or perhaps written by an untalented Cornwell doppelganger from a parallel universe . The usual characters are there
 There was little original in this book . The subplot of a power struggle that involves the sabotage of Kay 's career by computer - was straight out of Postmortem . Kay 's identifying a genetic disorder in the villian by a description of how he smells , straight out of Postmortem again . The final showdown as the killer invades Kay 's home aftr she stupidly opens the door - straight out of Body of Evidence . And pretty close to the final scene in Postmortem . Frankly , its an insult to the readers memories - the only new thing here is the younger man/older woman romance and thats a pretty minor part of the book since the character development of the man is so shallow . Do n't waste your time reading this , Postmortem tells the same story but does an infinitely better job . In that book the characers are fairly well developed and likable , here all the characters are just pale shadows of their incarnations in previous works .
 Ordinarily , I do n't cheer the demise of characters in a book , but I thought that this first Kay Scarpetta novel in the `` post-Benton Wesley '' era would be a throwback to Patricia Cornwell 's first novels in this series . The premise was excellent
 It 's December in Richmond when a cargo ship is found to have the decomposing body of a stowaway on board , in a locked container . Chief Medical Examiner , Kay Scarpetta is called to the scene and personally conducts the autopsy finding a strange tatoo and blond animal-like hairs covering the body . A few days later , the same peculiar hair is found on a murdered store clerk . So begins Black Notice , Ms Cornwell 's tenth Scarpetta mystery/thriller . This time , Kay follows the clues from Richmond to Interpol headquarters , Paris and back home again , to solve the case , in the deaths of these two unrelated people . But that 's not all ... she 's having a personal crisis over the death of her lover , Benton Wesley , her niece Lucy is having all kinds of personal and work related problems and a new deputy chief is wreaking havoc with Kay 's professional life . Patricia Cornwell has written a novel chock full of sometimes confusing story lines that finally come together for an unfortunately weak and predictable ending . The writing is tense and at times very compelling , but the story often gets bogged down in detail and seems more far-fetched than realistic or riveting . And her characters have become one dimensional , difficult to care about and uninteresting . All in all , not one of Ms Cornwell 's best efforts . If you are new to this series , start with her terrific earlier books , Postmortem or Body of Evidence . If you 're a Kay Scarpetta fan , do yourself a favor and skip this one .
 I am still trying to figure this whole thing out . Was this book supposed to be about a crime-solving mystery or whiny soap opera with a mixture of Days of Our Lives and Melrose Place mixed in together ? There was so much WHINING and relationship problems in this book that it drove me crazy ! This book does not live up to all of the other Scarpetta novels at all . Here are my suggestions to Mrs. Cornwell - Kill that little annoying niece Lucy , have Mrs. Scarpetta stop whining and blabbering about poor Benton and stop making Marino look like a stupid drunk . I certainly hope `` The Last Precinct '' is better than this novel !
 The reader reviews are more entertaining and sometimes better written than the book.I got hung up on details like the license plate number on pp 132-133 , and the proofreading was bad . But the book read like a cartoon , reminding me of A Man in Full . Southern cartoon characters . Plot ? What plot ? She got a free ride to France to have the villain handed to her ? `` Oh yeah , we knew all about him ? '' I was kind of hoping that Loveable Lucy would just empty her Glock at everyone during the hurry-up conclusion.I also think Talley went after Kay because he was attracted to Lucy and got nowhere . Sloppily written and hopefully not a window into the author 's experiences .
 If this were my first Patricia Cornwell book , I would have quit reading a third of the way through . So often editing seems to be a lost art when it comes to well-known authors . -LRB- Those of us who read Southern Cross know that for a certainty . -RRB- But the Skarpetta series seemed to transcend the numerous aberrations of the Judy Hammer books ... ah , but not so anymore.Ms . Cornwell , move your stories along . -LRB- If you have forgotten how , read the first three or four books in the Skarpetta series for sound ideas . -RRB- This one bogged down for practically half the book . Forget department infighting . It 's boring and you 've done it before . Ditch Lucy , and please do not take this as a homophobic remark as it is not . Little Lucy that we loved and felt sorry for as a child has few redeeming qualities today . Say , you went a bit overboard with the shouted and rude conversations.The Marino that sat in on the VICAP team with Benton and the rest of that group was a top-notch dectective and was generally respectful of where he was . -LRB- Yes , he was a little crude , but never to the point that he has become in this book . -RRB- He still is a top-notch detective , and he would not have acted so surly during the visit to Interpol . Give him a break now that he -LRB- and Skarpetta -RRB- must carry the series along . Ditch the colorless -LRB- in spite of his extremely dark and handsome looks and , of course , that perfectly sculptured body ... boy , talk about a cheap romance novel description -RRB- Jay Talley . I do n't know how you pictured him in your mind , but he came through characterless and verily blah . Would Kay jump into bed with someone she knew for only 15 minutes -LRB- all right , a small exaggeration -RRB- ? I think not ! By the by , since when do government agencies use AOL .
 I have been a big fan of this series , but this book reads like a high school student trying to write a term paper due the next day . The backbiting and soap opera behavior of the characters and the plodding plots make this book extrememly tedious . The only enjoyable parts of the book were the ones dealing with the technical aspects of forensic work . Other descriptive words that come to mind are
 Cornwell 's Kay Scarpetta books have been slipping for quite a while , and this one 's reached a new nadir . The incredibly tedious , constant bickering between Scarpetta and Marino and the unrelenting hand-wringing about her niece Lucy make this a pathetic wallow . Unfit even for airplane consumption .
 Get a life , Dr. Scarpetta ! This book takes place a good year after the death of her lover and significant other and she is still moaping around feeling sorry for herself . The story is bad . The plot is poor . The ending not soon enough . Do n't waste your time .
 What is it that Cornwell has against any woman who could be written as strongly as she once wrote Kay ? The point of Diane Bray is a mystery to me . -LRB- mayhap even the real mystery of this mess -RRB- I was only shocked that Dorothy did n't get killed by the werewolf - oh well , there is always the next book . And Anderson - is this some kind of bad lesbian cop - good lesbian cop -LRB- Lucy -RRB- thing she has going ? If you are going to write what I assume she thinks are `` avant garde '' lesbian characters , at least have the decency to make them more than one dimensional throw aways . . and sadly this category includes Lucy . The decay of Kay is even more accentuated by the weak female characters that Cornwell continues to surround Kay with , even though I believe the author is trying to cloud her weak characterization of her main character by setting up these straw women.Where is Anna when you need her ? Both Kay and Lucy could use some serious counselling since buying booze , cigarettes , and guns sure as heck is n't doing the job . Kay 's new boy toy is just a joke - and her `` wild sex scene '' has to be one of the pathetic low points of book ... nahh . . that would implicate that there was a high point somewhere.But my MAIN criticism of this book has to be the aol connection . AOL MUST have been the ones to pay for Cornwell to fly the Concorde , because the sheer ridiculousness of having state employees using aol as their network has got to be some kind of inside joke . Please Patsy . . share this with us ? Otherwise it 's just the high point of stupidity.Is Black Notice worth reading ? Yes , since it is obviously setting up the next book . Is it worth buying ? No way . The problem is that it is a connective bridge book with little to recomend it other than the fact that it will be a reference for what the readers hope will be a better book.I truly expect more of high profile authors . Unfortunately , this year has shown that for many authors commerce has overshadowed any obligation they had to provide their characters with a good plot and their readers with a good book .
 I have read every one on Ms. Cornwell 's books and I have to say that she has always kept me enthralled . Not this time ! Other then the characters being the same I would have to say that this novel was written by someone else . It is possible that she needs to find another cast of characters .
 A relative of mine decided to give this book to me as a gift for Christmas . Unfortunately , I wish she had included the receipt along with it.This was the first novel by Patricia Cornwell that I have read , and the first Kay Scarpetta mystery that I have had the displeasure of wasting time on . To begin with , the book is 400 pages long . A decent size . But Cornwell does n't really get into the actual mystery until a good 200 pages into the book . Instead , she decides to spend the majority of the book on Kay 's personal life , on how Kay is dealing with her lover 's death , on her strained relationship with her niece , on her tempestuous friendship with Officer Marino . There 's a dead body found down in the dockyards , which is n't too strange except for the odd hair found on the corpse . Soon , women begin to turn up dead , brutally murdered and mutilated , with the same strange hairs upon their bodies . Then there 's the whole business with someone tampering with computers in her office -LRB- pardon me if I 'm mistaken , but does EVERY Scarpetta mystery have to have someone inside her office or associated with her office being some sort of nefarious , backstabbing troublemaker ? -RRB- . And she 's being secretly framed as incompetent by her enemies so she 'll be fired . Then , to make things really confusing , at a little past the halfway point in the book , she gets sent to Europe with Marino on a `` secret mission '' to help solve these bizarre murders and identify the killer . While there she becomes romantically involved with an American agent , and ... well , to say the least , this book goes in about a thousand directions at once . And they 're ALL confusing . When the climax finally comes , it has the sound and fury not of thunderstorm , but of a weak afternoon drizzle.Cornwell seems to be content to spend virtually every sentence focusing on Kay 's complicated personal life . How will she get over the death of her soulmate ? Does Marino harbor feelings for her ? Why is it she has such a difficult time getting along with her bullheaded , policewoman niece ? Who is sabotaging her work , and who wants her fired ? A better question would be , who really cares ? Believe me , after line after endless line of this , it 's not the reader.There are a couple bright points . I 've always found the technical detail that Cornwell puts into her novels refreshing . I may never become a forensic pathologist myself , but I find it interesting to learn about their techniques and the kind of duties they perform . And the killer has to be one of the most unique I 've ever seen in a mystery ; of all the maladies that writers have afflicted their villains with , hypertrichosis has to be a first . Unfortunately , Cornwell seems to duplicate some of her earlier work for the finale ; the sudden showdown with the killer was eerily similar to the anti-climactic ending of her first Scarpetta novel , `` Postmortem '' . I think that , after sitting there and reading each and every page -- about 400 pages of rambling plot -- I can sufficiently classify myself as a masochist . I wish I could say that this book is worth a buy , but I would n't even recommend checking it out of your local library and reading it for FREE . Sorry , Scarpetta fans , but this is one mystery best left unsolved .
 After reading 250 pages or so I was thinking to myself , `` this is really slow . Everything I 've read so far could be summed up in a paragraph or two . '' I was expecting something really exciting to happen but as I got to within a few pages of the end I realized I had been let down . It seemed P.C. wanted to end the book in a hurry and just let it go . I prefer Jeffrey Deaver 's books . You know with his books you 're in for a surprise .
 This is the first time a have read a Cornwell novel . I hope my first time reading her is my worst experience with her novels because I will soon embark on reading three more of her novels.The sub-plots in this work , if they can even be considered sub-plots , add virtually nothing to the story line . And the addition of segments about Ms Scarpettas dead former lover , also add absolutely nothing more than adding pages . In reality these are all put in to thicken the book . If Ms Cornwell were to be honest with us , she woud admit that this `` novel '' could have been easily reduced to a short story.The ending is extremely disappointing . We learn nothing of what makes the killer tick . I would suggest that you selct any other novel to read . Do n't waste your time on this one . Come to think of it , I should have rated this book as one star .
 I had heard that this book was much better so I took a chance and read it and was totally repulsed by the constant bad language . It is totally not needed and distracted from the story . It just shows that the author has a limited language to pull from when the same words are continually used . I do not recommend this book .
 Hi , this is my first review ever and I felt I need to write one to do justice on spending my time reading the Black Notice - to make something fruitful outta it . This is also my first Patricia Cornwell book read.Overall , I felt that more suspense can be built into catching this `` werewolf '' than to circle around sub-plots which seems to make the book tiresome . When I was onto page 255 , I almost gave up as our Dr Kay was n't making much progess in identifying this `` werewolf '' . The remaining of the pages happened in such a split second , that does not gives me the pleasure of anticipation and excitment -LRB- if any , was worn up at page 255 -RRB- . The climax of the book . that is , when the werewolf was capture - 2 to 3 pages ? - did n't build up enough suspense to make my money worth ...
 I have been a fan of the Scarpetta novels for years and have read every one . Unfortunately , this one will probably be my last . I could n't even fight my way through this one . I read over 100 pages of this thing , and nothing happened . I think this character has run its course . It 's time to do something else .
 In this new -- and tired -- Kay Scarpetta thriller , Kay 's on a case that could ruin her career , or end her life -LRB- we could only hope -RRB- . The story is given a shot of Romance/Horror drivel with a love letter from beyond the grave . Pleeaazzzeee . It 's time for Ms. Cornwell to move on to other characters -- this series has become stale reading .
 As I said before , this book was so yellowed around the edges of every page . I did contact the seller , but have not heard a word back , which is even worse . The dust jacket has more than just shelf wear . Very disappointed . Patricia Breeze
 I think Patricia Cornwell is an excellent writer and story teller and I like the Scarpetta character , but I think the book would be just as good without all the profanity . It seemed that every other word in this book was profanity .
 This is the first time I read Patricia Cornwell , and judging from the cover -LRB- which said `` New York Times Bestseller -RRB- I figured it could n't be that bad . I was quite disappointed , however , by the lack of realistic plot , cheap characters and some kind of personal vindiction the author feels against beautiful women . I do n't like putting books down but this one book you can stop from buying .
 Wild and unmotivated emotional reactions ! Loose ends ! Illogical behavior ! Now , you too can read a case study for a Jr. . High ` criticism of literature ' course . Wish I new who wrote the early Scarpetta novels . They were pretty good . Maybe this is a warning of what happens when you 're successful .
 I have read almost all of Cornwall 's book 's and found this one to not be very exciting . The depressing mood and the lack of any exciting events made me want to stop reading it several times . However , I finished it only to be extremely irritated by the ending . Maybe the next one will be back to Cornwall 's usual standards .
 I keep wanting to like these books . I do n't . Kay is not a likeable person . Marino is not a likeable person -LRB- is he even a person ? -RRB- . Lucy is the personification of a snotty brat . Who is the winner ?
 I was glad to see the return of the Kay Scarpetta character , but the story never really grabbed me at all and I knew the guy was at the door way before she did . I stuck it out to the end hoping there would be some twist , but nothing . I have read all of her books and sorry to say , I am ready to move on . I felt like Patricia Cornwell wrote the story without her heart and soul .
 Scarpetta fans alert ! This is one to avoid at all costs . This is a scattered plot that is all over the map . I feel Cornwall must have been under a contract deadline with this one . Never cared for the Lucy/Aunt Kay filler and this time its really at its worst . The romance interest falls flat too . A lot of descriptive gore that really goes nowhere . Thumbs way down !
 Unfortunately for Patricia Cornwell fans , she appears to have run out of fresh ideas for plots involving Kay Scarpetta . This time it seems plausible that Cornwell 's publisher wanted a book by a certain date so she delivered . Too bad , because the plot is poor , geographic details are inaccurate , character development is non-existant , and the dialogue is frenetic . For anyone who has grown to care about Kay , Lucy and Marino and who cried at Benton 's demise , do yourself a favor
 I was very excited to start reading Black Notice , but as once I started I was very disappointed with it . I usually love all of Patricia Cornwell 's books . This book had potential to be a great book but it went down hill with the more you read . The ended was a major disappointment .
 It seems as if the author has gotten lazy over the last few Scarpetta books . The characters have become really annoying . This book was not enjoyable . Disappointing since the early books were so good .
 This book is so loosely written , so disjointed , so poorly edited for both grammar and flow , with conversational lines that start nowhere and end in exactly the same place , one has to wonder if Cornwell owes the higher quality of her previous work to an outstanding editor .
 This is the last Cornwell book that I will buy . Her last few Scarpetta novels have been heavy on the personal angst of her continuing characters , and VERY light on the mystery and suspense . If I want to read about lost loves , dysfunctional family relationships and May/December romances I will buy a Jackie Collins or Danielle Steele novel . Out of 315 pages , about 200 plus are devoted to Kay and all her troubled relationships , and less than 100 to the `` loup garou '' . The ending is so predictable and perfunctory , I had to force myself to read the last 15 pages . For those of you who like to read suspense novels featuring a continuous character , I recommend John Sandford or Dennis Lehayne . They both are still putting the suspense aspect of their novels first , instead of dwelling on the histrionics of annoying characters , like Ms. Cornwell . I 'm sorry Kay , but this is it for me .
 When Amazon.com notified me that Patricia Cornwell had written a new book starring Kay Scarpetta , I ordered it immediately . Bad decision ! Kay is permanently pms-ing . Marino is hopelessly destroying himself . Lucy needs to go away -LRB- far away ! -RRB- . The story line is sappy - not scary or mysterious.I continued to read the book because I felt that Ms. Cornwell was setting us up for the return of Wesley . I expected at any time that he was killed-off to go undercover to hunt down this were-wolf out of the Paris office , and that when Kay got to Paris and went to the Interpol building , there to meet her would be Wesley . At least , I thought , that would make her quit moping around , finding fault with everyone and everything . No such luck . Kay Scarpetta needs to take another job . Maybe a new city , new co-workers , new police department , and new crime scenes would put some of the old umph back into her mysteries . Come on , Patricia Cornwell , WAKE UP ! Your readers are n't fools . This one made the best seller 's list on your reputation . Do n't push it !
 I like mysteries that pay attention to and develop their characters ' individual psychology . However , in novels so constructed , a delicate balance must be struck between character development and plot . This is difficult , and in this regard , Cornwell is now completely out of kilter.At the beginning of this series , Kay Scarpetta was an intelligent , dedicated , principled , if somewhat rigid professional woman made a trifle paranoid by her cautionary experiences in a `` man 's world , '' and Cornwell 's early Scarpetta novels were excellent -- balanced , focused , and plot-driven . However , her inability to provide Scarpetta with a believable personality , any insight , or sense of either humor or irony has become increasingly obvious as the series has continued . I hope that Scarpetta is not autobiographical or some sort of idealized role model for Cornwell , because I find myself wanting to scream , `` Kay , stop being so uptight and sanctimonious and GET SOME HELP ! You 've become a total prig ! `` Cornwell herself certainly seems to be more fascinated with her characters than she has any good reason to be . Kay is not a person whom I would cultivate as a friend ; poor Marino has been turned into an unpleasant caricature of Fred Flintstone ; neither Mark nor Benton were ever particularly compelling characters ; and Lucy is a blight on the landscape -LRB- Good God -- all this because she 's got an inattentive mother ? -RRB- Why the development and perpetuation of all these negative , codependent relationships anyway ? At this point I feel rather like a voyeur , because I strongly suspect that I 'm really reading about a very self-obsessed author 's life , and I 'm frankly just not that interested.As for the characters unique to this installment , the Loup Garou is completely one-dimensional . Yet he is arguably the character that should be the focus of the story -LRB- as he would be were , say , John Sandford to write this book -RRB- . I had the whole trite subplot involving Bray , Anderson , and Ruffin figured out almost immediately . As for Talley -- a 30-year-old cultured Harvard graduate millionaire sexual -LRB- gay ? again ? -RRB- naif who falls for a middle-aged medical examiner he 's barely met ? Give me a break ! Finally , I am thoroughly weary of both the homosexual issues and innuendoes and the steamy sex scenes more worthy of Jackie Collins . These plot devices are merely distracting and irritating , while adding nothing to good plot development.Cornwell would do her readers a big favor if she would write a psychiatrist into the next novel and have Kay , Lucy , et al start MEANINGFUL long-term therapy . Better yet , maybe Cornwell should collaborate with Nevada Barr -- Kay and Anna Pigeon -LRB- with Marino and Frederick , of course -RRB- can solve a li'l old mystery , and Molly Pigeon can retire on the related psychiatric problems!Oh , I almost forgot . The story ? Better than the last two -LRB- when you 're actually treated to a few paragraphs thereof -RRB- , but that 's not really saying much . Do as I did , and get it from the library .
 ... if this is disappointing to loyal readers . I liked the first couple of Kay Scarpetta books , but I had n't read any for a while because they seemed to go down in quality . I finally picked this one up and it 's probably the last I 'll ever read . I still think that Cornwell has talent , but she apparently did n't feel up to coming up with anything new or worthwhile . This book is primarily about Kay and her private life ; only rarely is the `` mystery '' -LRB- a hunt for a particularly vicious serial killer -RRB- brought up . I did n't like many of her characters much to begin with , but they 've turned into charicatures of themselves now . Marino has become a loathsome bigotted low-class piece of dirt , and Lucy is a crazed lesbian who wants to destroy the world . If you care what happens to Lucy , Marino , Rose , and especially Scarpetta , you probably should read this . To me , it was far too melodramatic and whiny ; Scarpetta is to wrapped up in her life to be of any interest , and the rest of the characters were repellent or boring .
 Amen to reviewer D. Miller ! Disappointing . I can believe that Captain Marino remains emotionally stuck in the mud , but I ca n't believe the improbable villains , or that the Scarpetta character becomes increasingly emotionally fragile , rather than more mature . This growing immaturity seems the chief driving force of the plot , and just does n't make sense .
 Patricia Cornwell 's books , while not great literature , are still somewhat enjoyable to me . Not so with this one . The plot is absurd , the characters anoying , and the ending very abrupt . Do yourself a favor and buy one of her other stories .
 When the author of a favorite series dies , favorite characters also die , leaving a void that 's not easy to fill . But one can always reread the old books and enjoy the stories and the characters again.What has happened to the Kay Scarpetta series is worse than the author ceasing to write . With each recent novel , and especially with Black Notice , the main characters -LRB- Kay , Lucy , Marino -RRB- have become so loathsome and the plots so unengaging that I ca n't imagine wanting to revisit the earlier novels . These are unpleasant people and I will not miss them .
 I bought the audio version of this book - I 'm 3 tapes down - and I keep asking myself if I 've already read it . I came to Amazon.com to make sure this was Patricia Cornwell 's latest book . Nothing in Black Notice is very original . It 's all a repeat of Postmortem and Body of Evidence . Very disappointing .
 As an avid Scarpetta reader , I was disappointed with Black Notice . There were too many subplots with the characters , and I found that the main plot of the book -LRB- i.e. , trailing the `` werewolf '' -RRB- was virtually put aside until the midpoint of the book . The climax of the book was anticlimatic , and ill-contrived . Please bring back the strong , tough Scarpetta that we all love !
 I was pretty disappointed with this novel especially since it was so anticipated . I felt that Kay was very whiney , Lucy is going out of control and Marino is just unbelievable . I also did not get even a tiny thrill of fear throughout the entire book . I hope her next book is more along the lines of the classic Kay Scarpetta that I have come to enjoy .
 What starts out as a reasonably intriguing mystery spins out of control over the final hundred pages or so , into a ridiculous ending . Lucy -LRB- AKA supergirl -RRB- & her new gal G.I. Jo are trying to shut down a gun-smuggling operation down in Florida & somehow it 's all connected to the case back in VA. . Is n't that amazing ... Then we have Scarpetta and Marino flying off to Paris to meet w / an Interpol agent & only Scarpetta can help Interpol solve their case . Naturally the VA case is related to these cases in France . Oh I particularly love the afternoon randev&uacute; w / a man almost 1/2 her age while in Paris -LRB- NOT -RRB- . Glad I got the book from the local library .
 We have to wait ages in England to get the latest in the series , and so to wait so long and then read this book was a real let down.Kay is self-centered and nasty-she is not the only one who loses people , and after all , she deals with death every day ; it is totally self-indulgent to let everything slide.The so-called hidden agendas are laid on so obviously it is a wonder she reamins clueless for so long.Marino and Lucy are two nasty pieces of work , and Lucy 's gayness is mentioned every two seconds , as is Marino 's homophobia , as if any of it is actually of any interest to people who want absorbing characters . What does any of it have to do with being a good detective or ATF officer ? I ca n't find myself liking any of the characters I once found so fascinating ; they are all so self-absorbed and out of control.The book is world-weary , and it shows , and as for the ` criminal ' at the end , without giving too much away for those who persist in the struggle to find anything redeeeming about this novel , well , all I can say is , pathetic and stupid .
 I 've read several Kay Scarpetta books , and I liked them to varying degrees . This one covers Dr. Scarpetta 's mourning of the tragic loss of someone very dear to her . In a way I got the impression that as tired and depressed as Scarpetta was through the entire book , the author herself seems in a similar rut . This is easily my least favorite of Cornwell 's books . The plot seems loosely slapped together , the characters are cardboard cutouts of themselves , and the ending is quite -LRB- bad -RRB- . I do n't like most of the Scarpetta endings because it always seems the good doctor gets herself or a loved one in mortal danger every damn time , and some of the endings are so over the top , they seem like Glenn Close forever popping out of the bathtub in the final scenes of `` Fatal Attraction '' . This ending , however , is simply -LRB- bad -RRB- . I wo n't give anything away , but I 'll just leave at that
 Another disappointment from Cornwell , I am wondering if she has employed a ghost writer to whom she gives the plot and nothing else . I will not be wasting my money on any more of her books . 2 bad ones in a row is 2 too many
 Black Notice had to be one of the most unpleasant books that I have ever read . I enjoyed the earlier books in this series - they were well written and researched , and Kay Scarpetta was edgy in an interesting sort of way . Unfortunately , she has devolved into a narcisistic , paranoid shrew with delusions of grandeur , and her sidekicks , especially Marino , are equally self-involved and obnoxious . The books are not particularly well written anymore - Cornwell seems to be grinding them out with no editorial guidance . At least she seems to have gotten over her gun fetish , but these books have become nasty and meanspirited , with little to recommend them .
 I 've always enjoyed the Cornwell/Scarpetta books . Unfortunately , Black Notice disappoints on many levels . One other review noted the abundance of angry , bitter characters . I could n't agree more . There was no relief from the anger . Perhaps this would have been bearable , however , this book simply is not well-written . The plot lines are disjointed , the flow is bad , buildup to certain scenes barely existed . Let 's hope the next outing brings back some of the suspense as well as making the reader actually care about the characters again .
 I 've always loved the Scarpetta books , but if this had been the first one I would n't have read more . It 's not just that the personal interaction seems to take precedence over the actual crime , or that the mood is horribly dark . It 's that none of the plots in this are very well developed . Although there 's a lot of time spent on the plot against Kay and her friend Marino , the motivation behind the plot was n't very believable , at least to me . The introduction of Kay 's new boyfriend gave that part of the book the tone of a bodice-ripper starring Fabio . And even the crime itself was easily solved with tips from the Kay 's French counterpart - almost a deus ex machina solution . I will try to avoid reading Cornwell 's next book .
 What a big stink . Definitely give this a miss . Patricia what happened to you ?????
 Do n't bother with this book . You 'll feel you 've wasted your time and money .
 I have never been draged through this author 's sordid mind before , and I do n't plan on it happening again . Her characters are the most implausible group I have ever encountered . She lumps totally opposite people together and never gives us a single reason why we should believe these people would ever have anything to do with each other . She drags us up and down the narrow streets of her mind splattering us with gore and deceit , but never gives us a reason to feel for these troubled characters . It is seemingly an after thought that she finally creates the main villian in this story . He never actually materializes though , and of course it is next to impossible to believe that he even could exist . All that is bad enough , but suddenly and inexplicably the author tires of the entire charade and ends the story so abrubtly that it took me a few moments to accept the fact that it was finally over , and be grateful that it was . Do n't waste your time !
 I have read everything Patricia Cornwell has written . This starts out very intriguing and leads up to a wonderful climax and then falls `` flat '' . More of a wham-bam-no-thank-you ending . In comparison with her previous writings , this books falls very shot of her wonderful skill . It does not show here . Kay Scarpetta is mean and cold . Lucy has turned into some hard-core maniac and the reasoning is NOT believeable . It is time to let go of personal anger and bring back the characters that she is capable of writing about . Very disappointed , but will keep trying her again .
 Rarely have I found a book utterly distasteful , but this one is the exception . I 've read all of Cornwell 's novels and have generally enjoyed them -- up to this one . I was looking forward to a good read , and all I got was this.Enough mewling about the niece and the dead lover ! Get back to basics , Ms. Cornwell . And lay off all the meaningless details . If a good editor had taken about 100-150 pages of padding out of this , it might have been okay , although the plot is just a wee bit far-fetched . Maybe more than a wee bit .
 ms cornwell 's stories are interesting , but lately dr scarpetta has become the most whinny , self centered character to hit the literary pages in some time . as for the ending it seemed -LRB- and not for the first time -RRB- that ms cornewll got tired of writing and just hurried the ending and left me at least wanting more or at least some answeres to the questions she posed in the book . overall another disappointment in the series .
 I remember hearing that Patricia was not going to continue the Scarpetta series ... I was soooooo disappointed . Then , out comes Black Notice ! I bought this book and anxiously poured into it ... but never found that Cornwell `` heart '' that was so prevelant in the other Scarpetta works . I feel that Patricia 's heart just was not into writing this novel . I was so disappointed ! NO gripping suspense
 After reading Point of Honor , I had vowed never to buy another Cornwell book . She 'd lost it . The sublime had degenerated into the ridiculous almost overnight , making that book a point of dishonor to the fine work that had preceded it . But desperately searching for the always-elusive great read and noting all the gushing reviews about Black Notice , I thought that perhaps Cornwell had gotten over her personal problems and recovered her muse . I was mislead , and I wish I could get my money back on this gawd-awful book . There is no plot . Dr. Kay and her bloated sidekick Marino have become hysterical parodies of their former selves . Bray 's plot to get rid of them both was well-founded . And I agreed with Marino that Benton did n't actually burn to death in a fire -- this top-notch intuitive realized that he 'd cast his lot with the wrong crowd in Kay , Marino , and Lucy , so he devised a plot to get himself the hell away from them ! I used to trust book reviews -- how times have changed !
 I love Patricia Cornwell . I 've written in to loudly and clearly praise her Winter Table book when everyone else hated it . However , this book was terrible . I was so enthusiastic when I got it and could n't wait to read it . But , it had no point ... it just seemed to fly around from place to place and the so-called feelings were just dumb . She was up , she was down , she was all over the place and I was throughly disapointed . Please , Patricia , get back to your usual books . The great ones !
 I was quite disappointed . This book does n't come close to her earlier efforts . It was disjointed and there were sections that did n't make any sense at all . Perhaps she should start a new series with new characters . Enough of the old gang , especially LUCY .
 Stay away from this one . It 's hard to be specific about thisbook 's many deficiencies without giving away plot twists , but
 I am a great fan of Patricia Cornwell and have read all her books to date . The latest Black Notice was disturbing to me due to the depressiveness of the characters and the amount of foul and vile language on the part of the main characters . I purchased the book unabridged in audio format and was driving to Richmond with my teenage daughter and both of us were excited about listening to the book . I was shocked by the language coming over the speakers in the car , and embarrassed in front of my daughter . The language was so disgusting , vile , and foul on the part of Dr. Scarpetta , and Capt. Marino that I will no longer purchase any new works of Cornwell . Furthermore , I will tell everyone I come in contact with how disappointed I am with the new book . It truly is a shame that a great storyteller such as Ms. Cornwell would have employ such language to get across the painful emotional state of the characters .
 One might think so if `` Black Notice '' is any indication . The story starts out with an intriguing premise , but it quickly sinks to a predictable litany of Scarpetta 's self-absorbed waspishness , Lucy 's strange mixture of super-macho behavior and emotional decline , and Marino 's anti-intellectual self-carictature . The plot elements and details go from the incredible to the absurd to the impossible . At some point , Ms. Cornwell would appear to have acquired an AOL account , and she now considers herself an expert on computer crime . Case in point
 Apparently Patricia Cornwell has never met a character she actually liked . Even her protagonists are irrasible and paranoid to the point that they ca n't get along with each other for more than five minutes without blowing up , storming out or otherwise behaving like emotionally stunted two-year-olds . It 's unusual to enjoy a mystery and its solution without experiencing the slightest affinity for the people involved , but that 's the way I feel reading Cornwell 's books . Given the choice of hanging out with the good doctor , Superniece , and their friends or the unfortunate victims in the morgue , I 'd choose the latter ; at least they know how to stay calm and cool under pressure .
 I 've enjoyed nearly all of the Scarpetta books since Body Farm , which was the first I read . But what a letdown this book was ! It is dark , brooding , angry , bitter and -- just in case you still think you 'll like it -- boring . After Cornwell became disillusioned with the FBI -LRB- in Point of Origin -RRB- she lost her focus . Worse , she seems to have lost the enjoyment of writing , and passes that mood on to her readers . None of the characters seems true to form . Marino is angry , Lucy is spoiled and selfish , and even Scarpetta 's colleagues seem to be tiring of the good doctor . Never mind the plot ... you know you 're in trouble when Cornwell has to resolve the mystery by having the prime suspect literally walk up to Scarpetta 's front door . -LRB- Do n't worry , I have n't given anything away -- you 'll see this coming from 50 pages away -RRB- . If you 're a dedicated Scarpetta fan , you may find this book too gloomy . If you 're new to the series , start with one of the earlier books .
 I have read all the Kay Scarpetta books -LRB- except Point of Origin -RRB- and I really liked her character up until Black Notice . The usually cool , intelligent , and self-possessed Scarpetta has morphed into a whiny , irrational simp . One minute she is in charge and doing her job , the next she is screaming and cursing at someone -LRB- mainly Marino -RRB- . Yes , I understand she is devastated over Benton 's death , but I wish she was n't going through a new meltdown every other page . I agree with one of the previous reviewers who is tired of some of the themes -LRB- such as the `` Lucy is angry '' theme . . she needs to get over it ! -RRB- . The plot and the writing were fine , it was just the character changes , especially Scarpetta 's , that I did not care for . I was glad to see Kay given a new romantic interest , but the fact that he is much younger does not bode well for it -LRB- I predict much Kay-angst over it in the next book -RRB- . For anyone who has not read a Kay Scarpetta novel , I would recommend All That Remains . It is really good ... the first one I ever read and it hooked me .
 I love the Kay Scarpetta novels , and have read all of them . The last few -LRB- this one included -RRB- seem to be reaching for storylines . There 's always a `` bad guy '' , other than the murderer the heroine is after . Someone within Scarpetta 's office or within the police department who 's out to get her . And all of these `` bad guys '' are so jealous of the world-famous Dr. Scarpetta . Come on ! These story lines have little or nothing to do with the main theme of the book and really detract from the story . I , for one , preferred the earlier Scarpetta novels .
 Unfortunately I did n't happen to read the reviews of this book before reading it , otherwise I might have thought twice about it . This was my first disappointment with one of Patricia Cornwell 's books . I probably would have read the book regardless , since I like the character . Unfortunately , however , I will now wait and read the reviews of the next book before I spend my time on it . Most of the book was as an enjoyable read , however I was extremely disappointed in the ending of the book . The end seemed completely out of character for Dr. Scarpetta and totally unbelievable . My first thought was that it was a rush job in order to get it to press . Actually , I 'm hoping that is the case as there did n't seem to be much thought or originality in the finale . If this is a sign of things to come , then I 'll regretfully have to pass on the future books .
 Patricia Cornwell has been one of my favorite authors in recent years , so when a friend praised Black Notice as vintage Cornwell , I bought it immediately . However , I struggled to get through it - not vintage Cornwell at all . The characters we have come to know so well seemed to have no redeeming qualities and that includes Kay ! There was an overall negativity about this whole book with heavy focus on Benton 's death . The average reader does not want to wade through technical medical terms , gore and very angry and filthy dialogue . A grieving Kay would not jump into bed having known the guy for a day ! Lucy just ca n't be trigger happpy and out for revenge . And Marino just ca n't have deteriorated to the degree she has painted him . He , however , was the only one with any common sense and foresight . The plot was a stretch - is she running out of content material ? So , no more Cornwell for me ! I see there 's are new one out in July but it wo n't land on my bookshelf !
 I was a huge fan at the beginning of this series . I have now gotten weary of Kay 's grief over a man she never seemed to have time for when he was alive and which seems entirely insincere and shallow now . Lucy 's continued angst over her sexuality and inability to be anything but a neurotic , violent brat has also gotten tiresome and boring . Marino is the only character I still have any sympathy for but how much blustering and overeating can one character do and continue to be believable . The trend for these folks to be put in more and more untenable political situations in their work has also been overdone . Are we to believe that the state of Virginia only hires unscrupulous , self-serving criminals in everyone of their senior positions , except for the righteous Kay of course . I am sorry to say this is the end of the line for me ... I will not buy or read any more in this series .
 Ms. Cornwell needs to put her Dr. Scarpetta books to rest . They have become so predictable . Could anyone not figure out the ending ? Her new love is so hard to believe that it 's ridiculous , and we are constantly being assaulted by Marino 's foul mouth and stupid behaviour.When will Ms. Cornwell come up with an origional story ? She 's rehashing the same old thing over and over . Thankfully I got this book out of the library and did n't waste my money .
 I am an avid Patricia Cornwell reader but my interest dims with each new book . True fans will be very disappointed by this latest Kay Scarpetta installment . This book is poorly written , the dialogue is wooden and trite , the characters do n't have nearly the depth she usually provides , and the new love interest is a total fraud , not Kay 's type at all -LRB- what the heck was wrong with Benton ? That was a great storyline ! -RRB- . I also could have done without the romance novel scenes , and Ms. Cornwell should n't try to write them - not her forte ! Even her villains are boring and predictable now , and her forensic pathology research and descriptions are weak . `` Black Notice '' was clearly written to satisfy a book contract and does n't even come close to the quality of her early work . Ms. Cornwell should re-read `` Postmortem '' and revisit the writer she used to be before she attempts the next one .
 Teh jacket 's description of the plot sounded as if this novel was going to be more of a murder mystery than the last few books about Scarpetta have been . If I wanted to read about characters ' emotional problems , I would go read a work of general fiction . When I buy a mystery , I expect that the main point of the story is solving the mystery -- not having to wade through characters ' angst and personal problems . Now , yes , those can be written so as to be key to the plot . But they were n't in this novel . I WO N'T be sucked in again by a misleading jacket description . And I wo n't be buying any more books by Patricia Cornwell !
 I think I 've read all of her books , but I am not sure . When I read this one I was struck by an overwhelming sense of deja vu -- I 've read this before . Then I pulled up a list of Cornwell 's books and realized that in spite of the fact that I 've read them all , I could n't tell them apart . The plot are entirely indistinguishable .
 Unfortunately , one can see Cornwell straining to continue the Scarpetta series , when she should be performing a post mortem on the characters involved . There is no sense of urgency , only a sense of overwhelming doom and gloom as Scarpetta becomes more bitter , Lucy becomes more of a `` girls with guns '' stereotype and Marino -- well at least he has n't changed . The plot is beyond farfetched . I am not pleased and sadly I was rather bored
 Senile dementia vulgaris continues at Putnam 's with a new Cornwell Scarpetta . Not their fault I guess , as people seem willing to pay for this . A series in its midlife that was excellent , has turned into an angry -LRB- the primary theme for the first 90 pages is comic book angst -RRB- poorly researched -LRB- a morgue attendant has recently died of smallpox -RRB- potboiler of only the lukest of warm water . Phisoderm ? Her ` mind crashed like a bad hard drive ? ' But after all , its free money , is n't it ? If you ca n't resist , check it out of your local library and save a few trees .
 This is a horrible book and a waste of lifespan ; yours and the author 's . Do not waste your time . Go watch Mexican soap operas or something .
 Dull , unimaginative , `` been-there-done-that , '' crank 'em out drivel . I ca n't read another one .
 I 've just recently become a fan of this series about Kay Scarpetta and I have read in just the last two months all the previous books with her as the central character . I felt the interaction between Scarpetta and Pete Marino and Benton Wesley was the key to why I so enjoyed reading this series . I read fiction to be entertained and , hopefully , feel good after I 've finished the book , but that 's not the case with Point of Origin and Black Notice . If I want to be depressed , I can read the newspaper ! I do n't care what has to be done in the way of plot contrivance -- just bring back Benton Wesley and make Scarpetta the decent woman she once was .
 I noticed that the book lost interest and flow after a couple of chapters . To be honest , the last chapter was so boring that I did not even finish it . I enjoyed the first 5 chapters , though.I guess it was very clear to me how everyting was tied together , exept for a couple of chapters .
 Very disappointing book . The story never resolves with the introductory chapter , which seemed to be the most logical and interesting step to take . It 's nothing but a collection of flat short stories , each predictable and hurried . Only one or twice did I care what happened to anyone , as the writing style rushed along -- I understood that the painting was supposed to be the `` main character , '' but I found myself not empathizing with why the human characters would risk so much for this object . I suspect that the movie `` The Red Violin '' did a better job accomplishing what this author set out to do .
 Perhaps I wanted to find some of the delight I feel when I look at a Vermeer painting or reproduction of one . But instead I found a technically accomplished work which overall relentlessly focussed on the ` brutal facts of life ' , which has so little to do with the qualities of love , beauty , light and mysterious intimacy which I find in Vermeer 's work . A depressing and disappointing read .
 `` Ne malorum memineris '' `` Remember no wrongs `` One of the thinly drawn characters of this unsatisfying book embroiders this into her little bit of cloth . And if the reader heeds this advice , this book will soon be put out of mind .
 Okay , I ca n't even explain the reason why people like this book . Basically the author sets out to show the journey of a paitnign from boring and cliched owner to boring and cliched owner ... and tell you the exact meaning of life while she 's at it . The only problem is this profound and deep understanding of the meaning of life which Ms. Vreeland is trying to convey to us seems to be something along the lines of `` Stop and smell the roses . '' Oh yeah , and `` Love one another '' is a big theme too . Anyway , the writing is didactic and sentimental . The fruits of research seem to be to pepper the writing with weird words that you have to research to understand . All in all , it 's not worth the time it takes to read .
 This book has all the feeling of a book of essays cobbled together into a book so the essayist can get paid for the same work a second time . The thin thread of the painting fails to provide a way to sustain the reader 's interest from episode to episode , and the device of working backward in time leaves the uncomfortable feeling of knowing in advance what will happen to this painting that some have loved and some just possessed . I would rate the book even lower but for the wonderful description of Vermeer 's technique in the first chapter ! The book 's small redeeming grace is that it can be read so quickly that not a lot of time is wasted on it .
 The first hundred pages of this book were fairly monotonous . The story picks up a bit after that , but most people might not make it that far . I did like the concept -- following the owners of a painting all the way back to the painter -- but the actual product just did n't live up to my expectations .
 I had such a banal time reading this tedious book I stopped reading within a few chapters . Uninteresting , undetailed , not at all intricate ... if other children besides me have read Girl with a Pearl Earring , I could certainly make no comparison . This book completely drew my attention elsewhere ... to the table , to the chairs and other things around me.I found myself being lured by that beautiful cover . But the book is so terrible ...
 Here is my review -LRB- sorry it went through twice -RRB- : I had such a banal time reading this tedious book I stopped reading within a few chapters . Uninteresting , undetailed , not at all intricate ... if other children besides me have read Girl with a Pearl Earring , I could certainly make no comparison . This book completely drew my attention elsewhere ... to the table , to the chairs and other things around me.I found myself being lured by that beautiful cover . But the book is so terrible ...
 While each of the vignettes suggests a possibly interesting story , none really lives up to the promise of the book . I think we all understand by now that morally unappealing people can and do own and enjoy beautiful works of art . I 'm just sorry I had sit through Vreeland 's novel to be reminded of it -- I kept hoping it would finally get better , or there would be something to bring it all together , but there was n't . Very disappointing .
 I might as well read my own juicy but amateur stories for some entertainment . Vreeland 's writing was dry dry dry . No magic , no juice , no beauty , no heart . I felt as if the characters were crying out to me , `` Please , we have so much potential ! Do n't let us die on this page as bland imaginings ! `` Her creations and ideas were unrealized and her abilities -LRB- hopefully she has more abilities -RRB- unutilized . It was more like reading a book of genealogical studies , except I have often laughed and cried more at a family history book than I did with Vreeland 's story . Read Girl With A Pearl Earring instead !
 Though built upon a promising premise , this collection of short tales woven around a single `` lost '' Vermeer painting gets off to an objectionable start that I found difficult to get over . The suggestion hinted at by the ending of the first story , that somehow the painting itself should be destroyed because it had once been stolen by a Nazi , is unconscionable . A work of art acquires no inherent guilt through the actions of those who handle it ; the suggestion is all the more inappropriate given the Nazis ' own penchant for destroying art.Otherwise , most of the stories in the book were originally written and published separately , and this perhaps accounts for their somewhat uneven execution . I found the two middle stories , `` Morningshine '' and `` From the Personal Papers of Adriaan Kuypers '' to be the most compelling tales in the book , each more for the personal stories they tell than any protagonism of the painting itself .
 I hate this book . I had high hopes because some coworkers raved , and I enjoy Vermeer and art and all that . But please ... this overwraught , oversentimental thing made me yawn two pages in . The language is cheesy and even the interesting premise -- following the painting 's life from end to beginning -- could n't save it . The love scenes are laughable and the sad parts made me cringe . I suffered two weeks worth of bus commutes trying to wade through it .
 This was an extremely disappointing novel that did not flow well and was not well written . It did not live up to my expectations AT ALL.I found out by reading the interview at the end of the book that the chapters were actually short stories that had been published at different times . That explained why they did NOT seem to flow well at all.She wanted to keep the reader in suspense as to whether or not it was a Vermeer . The first chapter was the most recent and it worked back to when the painting was painted , but ... That did n't flow well either . It seemed jerky and confusing , having the backward chronology , plus the last chapter was n't actually the `` last '' if the chronology was being followed fully.The idea for the story line was good , showing the power of art and following a painting from conception to now , but that was overshadowed by the unexceptional writing . There was , for me , only one memorable character and I 've already forgotten most of the plot . I really think this book could have been so much better.If you want to read a book about a Vermeer painting , skip this one and read Girl with a Pearl Earring by Tracy Chevalier . I ca n't recommend that one enough -- it 's been well over a year since I read it and the plot is still as fresh in my mind as Girl in Hyacinth Blue should be .
 I will never know what if any qualities this book may have . I picked it up because it was my reader 's club book of the month . I stopped reading on page 17 -LRB- MacMurray & Beck 1999 -RRB- where Cornelius quotes a character as saying , `` So I shoved my boot up to the Jew-boy 's dirty ass . `` Vreeland says that `` Cornelius would never now be sure ... '' -LSB- if this quote was from -RSB- '' ... memory or his own swollen imagination '' . What is sure , however , is that the scene and the words were conjured up by Vreeland . Not remembered ; conjured.I see no intrinsic need for the author to have planted a fictitious story involving true history , great art and a young girl into the particular ugly framework she chose . To be sure , there is a documented case of Hitler lusting after a Vermeer painting -LRB- one he eventually bought -RRB- , and of Nazis en masse plundering valuable artifacts under the banner of anti-Semitism . I understand that we must remind ourselves of history lest it is allowed to repeat itself . But in Vreeland 's hands , to use such language and such imagery as artistic devices appears to me incongruous , gratuitous , and shamelessly exploitative .
 This book was not nearly as good as I 'd hoped it would be . The chapters are jumpy , skipping several decades at a time . The author does not seem to really know anything about art history . Her descriptions of the artwork are superficial and `` fluffy . '' If you like a good fictional book about art read `` The girl with a pearl earring '' instead !
 This cover represents the beautiful painting of a young girl ... but do not be fooled . With boring characters and a `` safe '' storyplot , this story is a child 's version of Girl with a Pearl Earring , but it does n't really work ... after a few pages , I find myself sarcastically enticed about this book . Yawn !
 One amateur critic thought this story mesmerizing . This amateur critic disagrees . I read this aloud to my wife and both of us agree that about 3 chapters were really interesting and the rest was not `` of note . '' The only data I really wanted to know was if this was a Vermeer or not . I will let the reader discover the answer .
 What a disappointment ! I read this book because it was on my book club 's list for the month of February . All I can say is Ugh!If you want good reading pick up something by a master . Steinbeck never fails me .
 Not much of a book but maybe entertaining for those who want a book for the beach . Tracy Chevalier 's book , The Girl With the Pearl Earring , is a much more engaging treatment of the same topic -LRB- Vermeer . -RRB-
 I had high hopes , but I expected more of a literary quality in this book . I found the sentences obvios and the emotion planned . It seemed too simple to be authentic . It did n't draw me in at all .
 Read this for book club and all I can say is yuck . OBVIOUSLY written for the book club market . So lightweight , it floats . Deeply , deeply shallow . A cute trick the way it starts now and goes back in time but so what . It is a quick-read if that 's all you want . And I 'll tell you what bothered me the most was the chapter that was probably the most developed -- when the mother killed the deformed baby . Do a little RESEARCH would ya ? Mothers did n't get hung for killing babies back then . Especially not a baby that would 've starved to death in a few days . The whole thing just annoyed me . I left book club and dropped it in the nearest trash can . Not even worth passing along . Yuck .
 I found the first half of this book to be fairly monotonous . While the concept for the novel -- following a painting 's owners all the way back to the painter -- is interesting , Vreeland did n't really get me hooked in the first hundred pages . The stories got more interesting toward the end , but if I were a less voracious reader I might not have made it there .
 In fairness , this is not really a rip-off of a better-known book about a Vermeer painting -LRB- Tracy Chevalier 's lovely Girl with a Pearl Earring . -RRB- It 's simply a dreadful book . Vreeland 's prose is loose and sloppy , and some of the `` facts '' she presents in her stories are simply incorrect . However , what really makes this book a loser is that her stories are just dull , dull , dull . Every time I put this book down I had to * force * myself to pick it up again . Do yourself a favour and do n't waste your time .
 Girl in Hyacinth Blue in my opinion was a dull book . It started off slow and it never held my attention . After a certain point I no longer knew what I was reading since I found the book to be too dull .
 I wanted this book to be good . It is attractively packaged and the premise of the story seemed promising . Reading the book 's words brought only a two dimensional vision , and an unoriginal vision at that . There is nothing new here for anyone who has heard the word `` nazi '' , and mediocre prose to convey a listless and painfully forced story .
 A choice for my Book Club this month -LRB- Sep 2011 -RRB- , I too found it - frankly - boring . The only part of the book that I liked was the opening chapter . Thereafter , it was a chore and I did not finish it . Although I tried skipping ahead , skipping back again - no amount of skipping made it any more interesting or appealing . I just skipped reading the rest and closed it -LRB- mercifully -RRB- . Fortunately , I lost no money on this book but simply returned it to the library.Girl With A Pearl Earring was far more interesting and imaginative IMHO.If I am the odd -LRB- wo -RRB- man out at our Book Club meeting , might be time for a new Book Club . This makes too many hyped titles
 I just could n't get started on this one . The first chapters were intriguing , but as the narrative went backwards , I could n't quite keep my interest . I 've read `` backwards '' books before , so I 'm not sure why this one did n't grab me . I still wonder about whether or not it was real -LRB- I think it was ... -RRB- but did n't wonder enough to finish the book !
 This is one of the most poorly organized review books I have read . Alan Williams has managed to make the same fatal flaw that so many engineers who attempt to write review books make . He has written a book geared to an audience who already understands the material . If someone knows the material , they would n't need this review book . In addition to typing errors that referencing sections of the UBC that do not exist , the sample problems are poorly organized and confusing . The ability to mind read is a prerequisite . For example , sample problem # 6 shows a solved force diagram that is not calculated anywhere in sample # 6 . After wasting valuable time asking yourself `` what am I missing '' , you will give up in frustration and continue reading . Only the find the solution five pages later ... in sample problem # 10 which references back to # 6 . Essentially , you are given solutions to samples BEFORE you are introduced to the theory . The author makes too many assumptions and takes too many shortcuts in explainations . If you want to fill your mind with confusion and headaches , buy this book . If you want to fill it with organized knowledge , look elsewhere .
 Three stories , by three fairly respected authors , and none of them worth even a used book price . My Dearest Daisy , by Jo Ann Ferguson , might possibly earn the one star I am forced to give here , but the plot is not only worn out but has been done so much better - niece -LRB- complete with limp -RRB- of actress falls in love with young lord but is afraid to tell him who she really is . He , of course , returns her regard , for reasons which remain wholly inexplicable . Maria Greene gives us the story of two thoroughly disagreeable people who behave like immature brats . I could barely read it , it was so bad . And last of all Kate Huntington gives us what may just possibly be the most unlikeable ` hero ' ever created in a regency romance . The ` other ' man was so much better , I kept waiting for the heroine to realize it , but she was no great prize either , so I guess they were well suited . I really resent having spent money on this book ! Awful !
 Ferguson 's story contains some major errors regarding the social mores and customs of the period -LRB- like kissing - twice - in front of the maid -RRB- . The characters , however , are strong & likeable . The plot , while well-used , is all romance and moves swiftly . Ignoring the historical gaffes , it 's a 3 star piece . By far , the best of the lot.Greene 's entry is a very mixed bag . Lucien is great ; he really changes over the course of the story . Angela starts out well , but is later seen as self-righteous and unforgiving . It 's a great idea for a story -LRB- the wager and its effects -RRB- , and the secondary romance is good . BUT Angela 's intractable spirit dulls the execution and enjoyment ; she does n't deserve the changed Lucien . She knows what it 's like to be treated badly but does it to him mainly because of his reputation ; she 's quite rude . She seems no different from Lucien 's friends -LRB- and what he once was -RRB- . There are also some plot problems . The resolution was way too fast and utterly unbelieveable . I 'll give it 1-2 stars , primarily for Lucien.Huntington 's attempt is ... how to put this politely ? This is the worst story of the 3 . The heroine is generally likeable but needs to be better developed . The hero is charming but wholly vain ; he is not a likable romantic hero . And at the end , he seems an entirely different person . The last page refers to his usual expression before Caroline was `` haughty and closed , '' but that was never in evidence in the story . He repeatedly disavows marrige , even to her whom he admits he loves , and then suddenly proposes out of the blue . Even his compliments are sickening -- flowery , overdone , and insincere . Moreover , the reader constantly gets the feeling that she 's missing something , that this story was plucked out of another or out of a series to which this story repeatedly refers with a heavy hand . This one rates a zero !
 Fahrenheit 451 , one of the worst books i have ever read in my life . I disliked this book so much i did n't even want to finish reading it but sadly I was forced to by my English teacher if I wanted to pass the class . Some people may disagree with me but to me the book is n't even worth reading.First of all the book gets confusing with all of the strange ways that they act . It is kind of like a really , really , really bad movie with an inexperienced actors . You know , like those really really old black and white movies . Second , the book jumps from one thing to another . Most of the time you do n't even know what is going on . Then all of it gets mixed up in your head . third , the book is about people burning books . How stupid is that . Also , everyone acts crazy . Especially the teenagers . Teens might be bad but not that bad . I have never seen one act like they do in this novel.I think the author 's purpose was to inform the reader that sometimes what is taught and what is the law is n't always right . It could even be dangerous . This is about the only thing I agree with.I think the author handeled conflict the best in this book . The man versus man . Montag versus Beaty and Montag versus other things made by man like the mechanical hound.This book was written in 3rd person point-of-view . This is were the narrator is n't in the story , he just tells it.So to me this book is n't worth reading unless you are trying to go to sleep and that is why I gave this novel a 2 .
 Bradbury 's famous dystopian novel of a techno-Taliban regime that uses its `` firemen '' to hunt down private libraries , burn their books , and arrest their bibliophiles ... has one fundamental flaw . Aside from serving as the pretext for a novel , there is really no good reason for this regime to bother with book-burning at all
 The oxymoronic title of Nagle 's book , `` Whores and Other Feminists '' signals from the start that this is just another entry in the disingenuous genre of books about prostitution that redefine feminism as what it is not . Feminism does n't sugar coat sexism , or try to make women comfy with it . Feminism analyzes what John Adams smugly termed `` our masculine systems '' - of which prostitution is a primary example - and fights back because sexist systems pay off for men at women 's expense . And telling the hard truth about the political meaning and lived realities of prostitution is not `` blaming prostitutes '' - it is holding men responsible for what they do to women , something that handmaidens to misogyny like Nagle et al. are afraid to do . Nagle strategically ignores a key fact - women do n't write the script for whores - men do , and if calling misogyny feminism broadens the market for prostitution , hey give the customer what he wants . That 's what prostitution is all about .
 Only women who need feminist bravado to feel secure in their womanhood will find this bok useful because it repeats what these sad women need to hear . For the more well rounded woman who 's secure in herself , this book is basically useless .
 This mystery is very weak , with historical misinformation thrown in to make the premise blievable . Though about where to find a long lost Rooselvelt-Hitler letter at the begging , it quickly turns into who is stealing lobsters from ocean traps . The majority of the novel revolves around this lobster mystery . To bolster hisory , the author shows his ignorance by incorrectly bringing in two -LRB- 2 -RRB- historical inaccuracies
 I am sorry but I was never able to appreciate this book . I found the plot boring , the characters uninteresting and no ingenious ideas whatever . It was not unconvincing ; there simply was n't anything to grab your attention . Moreover , I thought the style a bit similar to the unfeelingness of cyberpunk -- and since I take great delight in fantasy , cyberpunk is the last thing I 'd like a fantasy book to remind me of . The problem is that I read `` Lords of the Sky '' immediately after Zelazny 's Amber series -- how is it possible to rate these two works equally ? -LRB- Also , if it is REALLY better than the rest of Wells ' books , you 'll have to introduce negative values on your rating scale . -RRB- Anyway , you should try it -LRB- as well as any other book -RRB- yourself . Judgements are always subjective ; and tastes vary extremely .
 As a rule , whenever the main character 's horse has more personality than the main character , you know you have problems . There is n't anything that is glaringly wrong with `` Lords of the Sky '' , but there is n't much that 's right with it either . The story is one that any fantasy fan must know by heart . We start with a young boy named Daviot who lives in a quaint seaside village and knows that his people are threatened by sinister invaders known as the `` Sky Lords '' . Daviot soon learns that he has great magical powers , and leaves to be tutored in a foreign city , falls in love with a beautiful woman , makes friends and allies , and learns ` surprising ' facts about the history of his people . Will he and his band of friends be able to unlock the necessary secrets in time to save his homeland from destruction ? I wo n't give away the ending . Angus Wells , on the other hand , is n't so conscientious . He drops blatantly obvious clues almost from the start of the book , so any discerning reader will find it easy to predict not only how the book will end , but also exactly where the heroes will go and what they will do at almost every step along the way.The writing is generally weak , with too much repetition and emphasis on mannerisms rather than character development . The main character often feels his throat being clogged several times on the same page , and people 's faces turn red more times than I can count . There are many occasions where characters spout dialogue for several pages on end without any attempt to make it sound like real human interaction . Description is nothing special , and the concluding sequences do n't come close to having the narrative power that they should have . Wells makes the distracting choice of telling some of the story in the first person , but unnecessarily shifting to other viewpoints whenever he grows tired of his main character.It is to the author 's misfortune that I picked up this work shortly after finishing Robin Hobb 's Farseer Trilogy , a series of books with a similar plot but vastly superior implementation . Hobb masterfully blended elements of courtly intrigue into her story , but the few mentions of political manipulations in `` Lords of the Sky '' feel tacked-on . Hobb gave her cast of characters a variety of original and frightening magical talents , but Wells ' wizards are limited to old standbys like enhanced memory and shooting bolts of fire . Most importantly , Hobb actually went into the minds of her characters while Wells is content to stick with stock characters and clich&eacute;s . I would n't deem `` Lords of the Sky '' to be the worst book I 've ever read , but we 're undergoing a golden age of high fantasy right now , and there 's no reason for fans of the genre to content themselves with mediocre work like this .
 I 'm a BIG FAN of Emilie Richards but I have to disagree with many of the reviewers here . I did not like this book . I felt that too many characters were introduced too fast . I found myself getting lost many times trying to remember who was who and having to page back over and over again . I never had to do that with her other books.I 've read about 8 of her books and loved every one of them so I was looking forward to this one but I can not recommend it to anyone unless you have a memory that is much better than average to keep track of everything.Jackie from Calif. .
 I found after reading it for awhile that I had no interest in even finishing the book . I got very bored and quite after reading more than half .
 JERSEY XRAY was designated by AMAZON as the company who would ship my book to me.I was charged on my visa on Nov 4 . Today is Dec 5 and I have NOT RECEIVED it yet !!! Amazon clains there never was an order & ca n't follow the shipping procedure.I am furious !
 I got the Kindle Edition for 99 cents . It is almost worth it . It may be okay for reading straight through but not for study . For that you need a table of contents and a good index .
 I have found that reference books on Kindle are almost impossible to manuver . You have to read the whole book to find what you are looking for . As example in Number in Scripture and others you have no way of looking up a specific number or topic . You have to go through the whole book to find what you are looking for and many times miss it . I wish there was a way that you could click on the table of contents and be able to go right where you want to go . I have been very disappointed with all the reference material offered on Kindle for that reason . If anyone has a better idea of how to manuver through it , please let me know .
 First of all this review is primarily about the Kindle edition of this book . I owned the hardcopy and enthusiastically recommend it . I would give it 5 stars.The Kindle edition , on the other hand , is terrible ! I 'm guessing that this eBook was simply run through a converter without even an attempt at formatting . The text is all jumbled , there are no links within the table of contents , and the Hebrew words are not rendered at all -LRB- Greek is rendered poorly -RRB- . Tables and diagrams are destroyed beyond all recognition . Apparently , no human reviewed this before submitting it to Amazon . Subsequently , Amazon did n't bother to `` look inside '' either.If I read this in this format initially , I would not have fully appreciated the books content . Mr. Bullinger did considerable research into this book 's content . I 'm amazed that he was able to turn out a work of this quality years before the Strong 's Exhaustive Concordance was published . It 's a magnificent work that was sabotaged in this version!I was hoping to have a digital version as a reference work . However , the lack of links and cross-references eradicate any usefulness in this regard.Stay away from this Kindle version . Even at .99 , it 's overpriced ! Buy the book instead . I wish I had my .99 back ! : - -LRB-
 It does not read well , as it is a list of items to be further researched and validated with study.And , while the content is intriguing and worth study , the kindle version is nearly worthless . * The kindle edition does not render Hebrew correctly -LRB- it 's a jumble of characters & letters -RRB- , though greek seems to come through , usually . * The ` tables ' do not align when presented . * There are no breaks , chapters , etc to make navigation easy and this edition as a worthwhile reference .
 An ebook like this does need to have links from to content to reference the numbers in this case . I own a printed copy of this book and hoped to use the ebook version .
 Number in Scripture is just a list of facts , not what I was looking for .
 While I enjoyed the first novel in this series , I thought this second novel was not up to par . The characters were not particularly deep or engaging and I was not sure why Beatrix Potter was in the plot . I was not drawn into the characters ' world as I had expected to be based on the first novel and probably will not pick up the next novel in the series . It seems to me that the author -LRB- s -RRB- were aiming at a much younger audience than grown women .
 Half of this 450 page book surveys basic SQL , and the other half is on features Oracle added to SQL in versions 9i and especially 10g . I bought the book because I believed the title , and the reviews here that said it was an excellent reference . But , to quote one of its authors , `` This book is NOT a reference manual , and it is NOT an administrator 's guide '' . It 's an overview of SQL only . It is not an introduction ; nor can it be used , reference book-fashion , all by itself.So for my purposes , I was quite disappointed . But the book has some utility , in its explanations of what can be done with Oracle SQL . Especially in the explanations of analytic functions , regular expressions , and XML . It 's like a series of magazine articles , with discussion and examples.The book has some weaknesses : * The index is very skimpy and incomplete . This is what you 'd expect actually , in a book that is n't ever meant to be referred back to . * The focus on SQL is diluted and inconsistent . For example , there is an explanation on how to set up partitioning . Another section compares Oracle 's implementation of regular expressions to Perl 's . Sometimes background and comparisons are present , sometimes they 're not . * There is n't much explanation of * why * you 'd want to do some of the * whats * that can be done . Yes , it 's possible to build classes and objects into a database , but why do it in SQL instead of Java ? -LRB- Of course the * hows * would be quite inadequate , if this were a how-to book -RRB- . * There is too much explanation of how things used to be done in 8i . That version was five years old back when this edition was published . 8i should n't take up more than a paragraph or three in a book that purports to cover 9i and 10g . In summary , if you do n't read trade magazines , and you do n't care to spend your time on Oracle websites and forums , and you know you wo n't have access to 11g anytime soon , you may find this book a decent -LRB- altho somewhat pricey -RRB- way to broaden your horizons of what you can do with Oracle SQL .
 If you are of the type who would like to look at an oracle query example , run it against a database and watch the results - do yourself a favor . Stay away from this book.But if you like reading oracle queries like a fiction novel - by all means get this book . The book talks about a parts distributor database the scripts for which Mr. DB Administrator Sanjay Mishra has decided to lock in his closet.I am fuming with anger at the uselessness of this book . This book has good content which goes down the drain because of the ZERO PRACTICAL test . I am giving it a rating 2 coz the content covers what it intents to cover - basics of SQL . Barring that fact , this book is worth only a rating of .5
 Having seen his various movie adaptions decades ago , I was looking for something new to read and hit on Mr Shute . Maybe it helped that I too am an expat Pom living in Oz?I knew nothing about the man so did some research on his background . I 'd assumed , -LRB- incorrectly -RRB- that he was Australian born & bred and was surprised to find his rather privileged English background -LRB- private school & Oxford -RRB- and that he only moved to Oz 10 years before his death.An aircraft engineer , I knew , as my father was too and had always spoken highly of him as a writer . I should have known better!I find Mr Shute 's prose style that of an engineer writing a novel . His style is completely lacking . He is stilted , repetitive , long winded -LRB- where was the editor ? -RRB- and lacking imagination . -LRB- If I have to read the title of Scott 's lecture once more - in full - I shall throw that book across the room ! -RRB- Quite simply , he is no writer.Even overlooking his dated attitudes to women -LRB- ` girls ' should be housewives - how dare they even think of having a career ! -RRB- , race -LRB- snide reference to the Jewish movie producer ... good heavens , this was a year or two after the death camps ! -RRB- , the ` lower orders ' who are unreliable and dishonest - yes he was an insufferable snob ! -LRB- see other of his novels re the post WW2 Labour govt -RRB- . I am only 2/3rds of the way through this novel and I feel the need to comment . It 's not often I do that!I 'd like to read other of his novels -LRB- On the Beach being top of my list -RRB- but if this novel is anything to go by , I do n't think I 'll last the distance.I can only assume that he made his name as a novelist due to the unique subject matter.He might tell an interesting story but , personally , I think that he does n't do it very well .
 While I know that the title of this book is not to be considered condescending , and the authors preface that in the beginning pages of the book . However , it does seem to border on the line of `` making light '' of a very complicated and debilitating desease . I 'm sure it 's important for those in a depressive state and/or those living with someone who is depressed to understand how the `` depression got there '' . Whether it 's a concern that they 've done something to bring this on or the common characteristic most men share of `` wanting to fix it '' . However , the depressed person while in the true abyss of their depression , is not interested in how or why , we just want to know what to do to return to the normal , if there is such a state , predepression person we once were . This is another book I 'm having a hard time finishing . So far , the good information I 've received from this book has overshadowed the parts that seem to lead me astray in my voyage of overcoming my depressive state . I expect to finish reading the book , possibly omitting parts I do n't find particularly helpful at this time in my life , probably to read at another step in my recovery .
 Overall proably one of the worst books ive ever read in my entire life . No wonder why so many people suffer from Depression . This is half the battle . Terrible advice -LRB- such as eating chocalate and being happy -RRB- . I respect the fact that it does break some stuff down , but it again doesnt answer many vital questions that a depressed person would like to know.There were a few good sentences in this book . But a lot of it didnt get emphaised well . Once again , it seems to be another book that has been corrupted on these topics .
 This book was written to sell books , not to help people . If it were possible to end depression by intellectualizing it , this might help .
 I ca n't believe they actually named the book `` Depression for Dummies '' . Is that really the message we want to send to someone who is depressed ? Stupid title for what ended up being an egg-headed solution to a problem that really ca n't be solved . The dummy is the guy who thought this book was a good idea .
 I think my takeaway emotion from this book was kind of bemused annoyance . To me the plot devices that were issues to the characters never seemed like things that would be issues to me , so I spent most of the time thinking that they 'd gotten themselves worked up for nothing . Usually authors make a point to illustrate how these things that are supposed to be irritated irritate the people they bother , but the book depends to much on you agreeing with its characters . It wants you to be like , ' I know , right ?? ` People are ` sassy , ' or in this context , ` unnecessarily irritated by everything but pleased with themselves about it . ' Mostly it just featured people I could like well enough but just not care to much about . Some conflicts were interesting , but they were ultimately flimsy or resolved fine enough.But then at the end there 's this weird doughnut-centric sex scene but then also her parents arrive and ... well . For that scene I started out understanding it and by the end it seemed somewhat out of character , and the two leads were so smug where the whole book they 'd hated each other so i felt people were entitled to be somewhat surprised they were having doughnut sex at the end.So yes I did n't dislike it and it was enjoyable enough to read but there was n't really anything I latched onto or loved about it . That 's the thing , having read it a few months ago what sticks out in my mind are a few random scenes and a few character details , but the main plot detail that kept them apart and hating each other the entire book has been lost from my mind . I do n't know if I 'll ever be inclined to read it again myself , but to the voracious romance novel reader I might recommend it .
 Sorry , but what happened to this author ??? She used to be witty and interesting . Now she has gotten so lame . The contrived humor , the one-note characters , the gimmicky plot devices . I used to love her work but the last two books have been real stinkers ! Also the stuff with Min 's mother reminding her about her weight kept falling flat because these were n't remotely well-crafted or nuanced interactions . Instead , Crusie keeps beating us over the head with what we 're supposed to find funny . I wish someone would tell this author to stop trying so maybe her books would feel natural again .
 I do n't read a lot of `` chick lit '' -- but I do love Jennifer Cruisie . Cruisie 's wit shines through in her characterization , her dialogue , and her ability to laugh at situations she 's doubtless been in , through her characters ' eyes.All of that seems missing from `` Bet Me '' , her latest . I 'm told it 's an older manuscript that got polished for publication -- but much of what I enjoy about Cruisie 's work is missing . There are no really likeable characters here , especially in the parents of lead characters Min and Calvin . In terms of romance and sexual situations , which Crusie excels at - you can get warm reading what Calvin thinks about Min , but you really ca n't see much real passion from any of the other characters for their various partners . The characters I hated included Cynthie , David ... and I was pretty impatient with Bonnie and her outlook on fairy tale lives -LRB- although her proposal to Calvin 's friend was witty -RRB- ... and Crusie went on and on about Min 's weight , her self-consciousness , and her carb count . Truly , this book was an advertisement for Krispy Kreme donuts and chicken Marsala.Crusie can do much , much better , and I 'm looking forward to her next work of original , and not reworked material .2 stars - I really would n't bother , if I were you .
 After I read Bet Me , I thought ` been there , done that . ' It seems like the author combined ` Fast Women ' and ` Welcome to Temptation , ' and threw in some new music -LRB- Elvis -RRB- and fairy tale stuff . There 's the little kid and the baseball game , the three tight women friends , someone gets hit with something , the frozen mother and so on . And speaking of the frozen mother , it would be so nice to see this author portray a woman in her fifties as something other than an ice matron or manipulative or frozen or unfulfilled or incomplete or dead below the waist . When you think about some of her older female characters -LRB- Gwen , Liz , Nanette , Cal 's mother , Maddie 's mother -RRB- Crusie seems to perpetuate these stereotypes of the woman over fifty .
 I found BET ME to be a big disappointment . Populated by cardboard characters , it lacks charm and wit . I hope she 's getting paid by Krispy Kreme because it 's mainly a glorified ad for them .
 After looking over the other reviews , much to my surprise , I realize that the vast majority of reviews of this book thought it was great . I found it to be childish , ridiculous , and a predictable waste of time . I found the characters to all be caricatures of unlikeable personalities . I felt like I was watching a bad skit on Saturday Night Live as Jennifer Crusie tried to add what was supposed to be humor , but read like slapstick shlock -LRB- e.g. one character repeatedly whacked the male lead with her purse ; there was one scene where all the characters unexpectedly showed up at the same time at the female lead 's apartment -RRB- . I 'm sorry I did n't follow my first -LRB- and continuous -RRB- impulse to stop reading . The end did n't justify having to endure all the cliches , caricatures , and ridiculous scenes .
 This was one of the most boring books I 've ever read . The story line is/could be cute but the writing is horrible . Too many he said / she saids and details that do n't help to develop the characters .
 If I had friends and family like Min , I would have told them where to go long ago . I found it hard to believe that a 33 yr . old female put up with so much from them.I usually love most of Crusie 's books but this was not a favorite . I did n't like most of the characters and thought they were nuts .
 I started the book thinking it would be a great escape from reality . Well , it was and it was n't . It seemed as though the author was trying to write both Bridget Jones 's Diary and Sex and the City ... but she did n't quite pull off either . Do n't get me wrong , it was a somewhat enjoyable fantasy book , however , I am not going to suggest it to any of my friends .
 I 've heard a lot about Jennifer Crusie and looked forward to this book because it was supposed to have a `` voluptuous '' heroine . The storyline sounded cute and so I waited and watched and finally bought it in hard back , which I very rarely do.I 'm very disappointed because in complaining about her size -LRB- which Min did OFTEN -RRB- , she indicated that a size 8 was a couple sizes too small for her . That , in my mind , makes her maybe at the most , a size 12 . A size 12 is not a big woman , it 's an average size woman.Next , I found myself almost repulsed at how often Cal FED Min , like it was some kind of fetish . Min complained how her mother told her to not eat and then Cal turned around and ordered her to eat -LRB- the buttered roll scene ? -RRB- . What 's UP with that?I also disliked Cynthie and David and felt those characters were extremely one-dimensional . Sadly , the `` gang '' -LRB- Bonne , Roger , Liza , Tony -RRB- were all just as bad . Then there were the mothers ! Ca n't even begin to comment on them ! And let 's discuss Diana ... what was she so upset about all that time ?! The resolution to that question was a waste of our time.I 'm sorry , I really wanted to like this book . Unfortunately , I did n't and I wo n't bother reading any other Crusie books . : -LRB-
 -LSB- spoiler alert ! -RSB- of course , of course . All the characters are paper cutouts and you know it all in chapter one . Way too predictable . Though this does have the spin of fat girl gets the cute guy !
 This book was so ridiculous I could n't finish it . The bar scenes the pick-up lines the author described were so trite and phony I felt like it must have been a flash-back to Studio 54 . I honestly do n't think the author has ever experienced the bar/pick-up/dating scene . It felt as though she was writing about what she thought it would be like and certainly not from any personal experience . I found the situations so unbelievable I laughed out loud . Do some research next time , Ms. Cruise because believe me you are way off base here . I gave it one star because I liked the cover . Read The Devil Wears Prada or the Nanny Diaries instead .
 This book is every overweight girl 's fantasy in print . The author must have pitched this book to the publisher as `` Plump plain girl lands gorgeous successful man - and I have included much product placement for Krispy Kreme donuts -LRB- maybe we can get them to pay us for advertising -RRB- '' . The plot
 I always thought that people tended to stay in their own social econonmic level ? Not in this fantasy ! Cal happens to be partner in his own business , recieved a Porche for graduating high school , parents are loaded , get the idea ? Min is overweight , Cal is perfect ~ yeah right . The story is Predictable . Pretty much it 's dialog between Min and Cal . I purchased this book because of the reviews , which were positive , boy was I wrong .
 This could possibly be one of the most poorly written books I 've read ! I knew it would be fluff before I read it -LRB- perfect for an airplane -RRB- , but this book hit a new low . It is poorly written , with difficult to follow characters and it 's boring , boring , BORING . Save yourself a few hours and find another book .
 Maybe it 's me , but I do not like men who bet , even jokingly , as to whether they 'll get a woman in bed . That pretty much blew it for me .
 I am a avid reader , but in opening this book , the story is so confusing and you ca n't keepup with all the changes and down right boring . Worst book I ever bought . I flat cound n't finish it .
 I ca n't believe I even lasted to page 218 before giving up and tossing this book into the recycle bin . It was predictable , unrealistic and painfully boring . I wo n't be trying another Jennifer Criuse book anytime soon !
 I wish I could say I liked this book ... then I would n't feel so bad about the $ $ I paid for it ! But in truth , Bet Me by Jennifer Crusie was a real disappointment . The characters felt so one-dimensional , especially Min 's mother , who existed as little more than a one-note cliche . A lot of the conversations read more like scripted banter , but one really stuck out to me as not ringing true at all . When Min and Cal were discussing weight and Cal went on and on about how men love to touch soft cushy women and women do n't realize this and worry about being thin . He said something like `` women get skinny for women , men do n't care about that stuff , '' and I was just rolling my eyes ! Please , that sounded a lot more like the author 's FANTASY of what 's true , it was totally oversimplified , but more annoyingly , the whole conversation just struck me as fake . Not to mention , Cal is a man in his mid-30s actually betting with the guys about how fast he can get Min in bed . And this is supposed to be the `` hero '' of this story ?? NOT !!! Ugh , I just could not get into these characters or their shallow lives ! If you have an ounce of maturity , I would skip this one .
 As such , `` Bet Me '' makes occasional leaps from the inane to the bizarre . For example , when the protagonist sees her sister in her wedding dress , she thinks she looks like a `` sex-crazed princess on heroin . `` I 'm not sure what exactly a sex-crazed princess on heroin would look like , but a bride is n't what comes to mind.The author would do well to rethink the dismissal of Hawthorne et . al. that appears on her website .
 Because of all the 5-star reviews , I thought this book would be a fun , romp-y kind of read . In reality , it 's one of those `` throw the book at the wall '' experiences , except I was reading it on an E-reader , so definitely did not to break that just because I hated this book so much . I do n't venture into this realm of `` chick lit '' often , but it 's a guilty pleasure , so I thought `` why not ? '' Here are some reasons : - trite writing - annoyingly contrived situations , like the two protagonists -LRB- Min and Cal -RRB- caught kissing by Min 's best friend , Liza , and she hits Cal with her purse . Who does that ? This happens 3 times in the book , and is completely ridiculous . - Min sarcastically calls Cal `` charm boy '' to his face because she does n't want to be swayed by his charm . Yup , that is annoying too . Who says that ? Where did Crusie even come up with this term , meant as a put-down ? - the food references . Just because Min is `` roundish '' she 's on a diet all the time , and Krispy Kremes seem to ever be in arm 's reach . It 's tiring that Krispy Kremes become the short-hand for all things sinful . Hearing about someone 's dieting is about as entertaining as watching paint dry . Been there , Bridget Jones . - ugly shoes . Min is supposed to have `` great taste in shoes '' and Cal notices . Unfortunately , her killer shoes are bedazzled with plastic cherries , floppy flowers , and plastic fish . No guy , no woman would call these ` great shoes . '' - Cal chides her about being a risk-averse actuary who probably has a plain black cell phone . She in turn thinks that he is one of those guys that needs to have a `` bell and whistles '' type of phone . I read that this book was published in 2010 , but was written a lot earlier than that , but please , EVERYONE has a smart phone now , and even before that , phones were getting sleeker . Crusie 's editor should have red-flagged this point , because it 's just a stupid point in the book that makes you question the writer and her lack of inventiveness here . - two-dimensional , annoying parents who are not developed at all - Crusie write a line about `` her bra was so sheer it was probably illegal in several states . '' Last I heard , Victoria 's Secret does ship to all 50 states , so not sure what this line even means . Lazy writing . - Min is not a very sympathetic character because she distrusts everyone , all the time , but this distrust is meant to endear us -LRB- the readers -RRB- to her if only she could see clearly how much Cal is in love with her . Blech ! - a situation at the end where Min 's ex-boyfriend David calls parents , sisters , and best friends and tells them that Cal is seducing their daughter `` right now '' and to get over to her apartment , and they all actually do . She is 33 years old . Horribly contrived scene . Cal and MIN are ALWAYS interrupted and are never alone , which is frustrating , because they never get the opportunity to iron our their differences.I gave it two stars , because I like a smattering of the characters
 The book was adorable for about the first 10 chapters ... then it 's a spiraling descent into stupidity and repetition that could only end when one throws the book against the nearest wall . At first the story was witty and the characters so true-to-life . The one liners had me laughing out loud . I loved the heroine and rooted for her all the way . Then suddenly it all went wrong . The one-liners became annoying and the focus of the story went off course . Crusie writes with the sole purpose of creating a life her secondary characters ... which boggles my mind . The story was then focused on Min 's sister and her wedding . The main characters ' relationship was never fully developed and Min went from being lovable to obnoxious . Cal developed into a pathetic guy with a puppy dog mentality of `` I like big women . '' The constant , and I do mean constant , references to Min 's weight were unnecessary . You loved her from the start for who she was , not what she looked like.Oh , and did I mention the constant advertising for Krispy Kreme donuts ? Chicken Marsala ? Elvis Costello ? Julia Roberts ? Did I mention the jokes and the food references getting old ? Again and again?And one more thing , the bet was the most confusing plot I 've ever read . I 've never heard of someone losing a $ 10,000 bet and chasing after the winner with a check to pay him off . If I had lost that big a bet , I 'd change my phone number and stay out of sight .
 This book is so lame . I bought the Kindle version out of the rave review and the cheap price , but I could n't believe I was reading a crap like this . It 's full of cliche and unrealistic plots and characters . I love reading romance and enjoy watching romantic comedy movie , so I understand it can sometimes consist some coincidences and events just to add that romantic spice . And I think this book has a good potential to go on a movie if it were not so ridiculous and stupid . The characters are one dimensional and the entire story is surrounded with a silly bet , which is alright if the author can develop more depth on her story . The lines just keep jumping from Cal and Min and their silly friends , with coincidences and trashy comments . I gave it two stars for its sometimes funny lines , but other than that this book is totally waste of time . I would have gone for Sophia Kinsella over this .
 I know I am a very small minority here , but I did not like this book . I found the characters to be flat and boring.Min 's food fetish was annoying and , I must say , somewhat offensive . Why is it that the character without the perfect body is obsessed with food and has low self esteem ? Is it not possible for a chubby woman to have interests that do not involve taste.Other than the job , which was purely background , Min did nt have a whole lot going for her . Did she travel ? What kind of books did she read ? Did she have any interests at all ? I think her friend was right in saying that she brought nothing to the relationship with Cal.Cal was o.k. , though he suffered a similar lack of character development . We know that he is gorgeous and likes to hit and run , but what else has he got?The writer did not show enough of either character to get me truly invested.I do not regret reading this book , but it was my first and last by this author .
 As the story opens , Minerva Dobbs is being dumped by her boyfriend in a bar . Later Min hears her ex making a bet with Calvin Morrisey . David bets that Cal can not get Min into bed within a month 's time . The bet is $ 10,000 . but Min thought she heard $ 10 . Furious , Min decides to use Cal for a month because she now needs a date for her sister 's wedding . When Cal introduces himself and asks her out to dinner , she accepts . During dinner she realizes that she may not be able to hold out against this handsome man and decides to scrap her plan but fate will continue to throw these two together.I read another book by this author entitled `` Welcome To Temptation '' and I did not like it . I will always give an author another try so when I read the first chapter of `` Bet Me '' , I thought I was in for a good read . Well , halfway through I was again bored with these quirky characters . I am not a sourpuss or a prude and I love `` Sex In The City '' but all these characters really needed to get a life . Min is voluptuous and is constantly bemoaning her weight . Min 's mother constantly reminds her about her weight . Cal is a hit and run lover who can not commit to a woman . One friend , Bonnie is living in a fairy tale world . Min 's sister , Diana , is not a happy bride . Min 's mother is a pain in the butt . Cal 's mother is a self-centered witch . And we hear the same things over and over and over . The love scene finally arrives at the end of the book and that also is a big letdown.I now realize that there is no sitting on the fence with this author . You either like or dislike her work .
 Wow , is this bad ! What a waste time ! You ca n't care about the characters because they are so brainless and in-humane you ca n't make a human connection . Jennifer , you can do better than this .
 I do n't normally read romance novels , but I 'm in a book swap club and we were challenged to pick something that we would n't normally read . I found the story pretty far-fetched and the characters all sounded like the same person . All the voices seemed like slight variations of the main character . As long as the author was just writing story , it was an okay read , but as soon as the dialogue started , I really had to struggle to keep reading.It also probably does n't help that I 'm a statistician and the main character is an actuary who uses `` statistical terminology '' in her everyday conversations . I 'm pretty sure the author did not study statistics , because this is how I imagine a non-statistician thinks statisticians speak , but the terminology was all wrong . But this is a point that probably wo n't bother most readers of this book.The number of times Krispy Kremes and chicken marsala are mentioned were irritating . Ca n't the characters eat anything else ? This took place over a four week period and how many times did Min have chicken marsala ? It had to be 2-3 times a week!I also found the shoe references pretty awful . When I think of a cool impractical shoe , I think of 4-inch Manolos , not clear plastic mules with molded cherries.I really found it hard to believe the author was a New York Times bestselling author , but I guess romance books are read more for the fantasy than as great literature . In truth , my idea of fantasy is more Sex and the City than this . This seemed more like a very weak Bridget Jones imitation .
 I had never read this author before , just knew she was popular and I wanted a light read -- picked it up at the library . I could not get past the middle of the book , and that was a struggle to reach . The book was just extremely boring , full of tiresome cliches and unlikeable characters . The main character is thoroughly repellent and not admirable in any way . There is no motivation whatsoever for the male character to be interested in her . This is typical fairytale bad romantic -LRB- ie `` date movie '' -RRB- garbage where some very unpleasant woman is pursued by some guy who loves her anyway and they all live happily ever after . This is not decent character development or writing . I do n't know how the author got a job at a university , but I imagine she is laughing all the way to the bank by the money she gets from these formulaic novels with low standards . The `` snappy dialogue '' is typical of current poor-quality TV sitcoms , and is not how people in real life ever talk . This is just a book of one-liners and dislikable characters , and the author should go write for TV shows .
 Although I am enjoying this story , the transcription errors that riddle this ebook version are driving me crazy . &#34; I 'm &#34; routinely comes through as &#34; F 'm &#34; or &#34; T 'm &#34; . There are many other typos that appear to be the result of scanning the book and then failing to check the spellings that resulted . This indicates lousy quality control . The publisher should be ashamed , and Ms. Crusie should demand better treatment of her work .
 After waiting for over a year for a new Crusie , Bet Me was a big disappointment . The gimmicky plot was bad enough -LRB- A grown man still betting on whether or not he 'll score with a woman ? Give me a break ! -RRB- , let alone the cloying cutesyness of the unending props , but what really killed it for me was that I simply did n't like these people . With two minor exceptions , they were whiney , immature , bitchy , bitter , and boring . The minor exceptions themselves were drearily smug . Not even Crusie 's trademark style can save this one . Too bad .
 This was an engaging , light read . Crusie is good at writing snappy dialogue , but I could not get past her choice to give her 2 leading characters the very old-fashioned names - Minerva and Calvin ! I kept imagining my grandparents , which frankly is not a picture you want in your head when you 're reading a romance novel !
 I am such a huge fan of Jennifer Crusie , I have read all her books with true giddy excitment . Unfortunately this book did not give me that feeling , it was so bad I started to skim through the book , I have never done that with a Crusie book before . I almost felt like crying that was how upset I was with this book , I have re-read all her books several times , so me saying one of her books are bad is very tragic . I know I must sound so dramatic , but she is my favorite author and I feel I have been let down . I hate to say this but I will be very cautious about going out and buying her next book .
 The story started off ok but it did n't take long for me to wish it would hurry up and be over . Just could not get committed to the story or the characters .
 I had read a lot of good reviews about this book , so I had high hopes for it . Now I am halfway through it , and do n't know if I can force myself to read the rest . It is so BORING . They do and say the same thing almost every page . Minerva -LRB- wth is up with that name ? I know they explain it , but still ... -RRB- and Cal somehow keep winding up together , even though they say they 'll never see each other again . Then all they do is eat and Cal thinks about how sexy Min looks when she eats . Yeah . And Min is bitchy to Cal , but he does n't seem to mind . Then there are the ridiculous characters of David and Cynthie , who are plotting to break them up . The obvious `` evil doers '' to create problems for them , I guess . One of the worst scenes in the book is when Cal and Min are on a picnic , and every time Min opens her mouth to speak , Cal shoves a piece of doughnut in her mouth . I do n't know if that was supposed to be sexy or funny , but it just grossed me out , and I would be pissed if someone did that to me . I gave this book 2 stars because some of the one liners were almost funny , mostly with Minerva 's mother and sister . In conclusion , do not buy this book unless you like reading the same thing over and over .
 This was my first Jennifer Cruise novel and selected because of the large number of positive reviews . Writing was smooth but I did n't really enjoy the storyline . Fat girl gets hot-hunky guy who enjoys watching her eat ?? I consider myself a ` fat ' girl -LRB- I 'm about 40 # overweight -RRB- and I would n't consider dating a guy who was smaller than me or kept offering me doughnuts !! The heroine tried on the hero 's shirt and could n't even button it because it was too small on her.I enjoy other author 's ` fat ' girl romances , such as ` Wishes ' by Jude D. and ` Night Play ' by Sherrilyn K. because the heros were BIG hot hunky guys and were n't determined to watch the heroine eat . I plan to try to another of Ms. Cruize books and hope for the best .
 I bought this book as an ebook for my Kindle , and could have not been more disappointed . It 's such an excellent book , but whomever put it into ebook format did not even bother editing it before putting it up for sale . The paragraph formatting is messed up , words like `` I 'm '' and `` I 've '' , frequently are messed up as `` Fm '' and `` Fv '' , and there is missing punctuation , spaces , and on occasion , entire words were somehow translated into numbers . Do n't even bother wasting your money if you want this as an ebook , because it 's nowhere near worth it .
 It looks like they have sold out the 5 version and are subsituting the earlier 4 version
 I was sorely disappointed after looking so forward to this book . The stories were lacking in depth and imagination . The only truly `` erotic '' stories were few and far in between ; relying heavily on depictions of pedophilia and incest . A truer depiction of adult sex and lust and its motivations would have been much more enjoyable .
 Anais Nin may have pushed back some boundaries in her day , but in the 21st century her writing holds little of value . Reading through the stories in Delta of Venus , I was bored by the repetitiveness , and the undeveloping one-dimensionality of her storylines and characters ; her language is powerful and descriptive , but dishonest . It seemed a little sad that the stories ' characters were so bound by the limitations of their sexuality . As a writer , she should have brought her characters more to life . The fact that these stories arose out of commissioned porn - if what Nin claims is true - is apparent .
 This is one of Nin 's poorer texts . She leaves out her feminine style . In its place , she offers a crude and simplistic story line . I would encourage readers to try some of her other works .
 Granted Anais Nin is a great author of erotic lit but the author writes to a specific kind of reader.I found the writing to be rather disjointed and if you love digging for truffles , or reading Jane Austen 's ` Pride and Predjudice ' type of books , you 'll probably like this one ... For me , like celery , I can take it or leave it , in this case Ill leave it thank you .
 So , I am not well versed in the world of erotic fiction . Because of the success of a certain Twi-hard bestseller that is several shades of garbage , I have decided to delve into the world of erotica . Well-written erotica that is . So , I have recently been reading the first chapter of some erotic novels to try and find a good one . -LRB- The Kindle allows users to read the first chapter of many books for free . -RRB- Delta of Venus was on an Amazon list of `` The Top 25 best erotic fiction '' so I gave it a go . Two little girls are molested by some Hungarian `` Baron '' in the first 25 pages . I mean , come on . Please , can someone suggest an erotic novel that is 1 . -RRB- written by an author with command of the English language and 2 . -RRB- not full of deviant sex -LRB- rape , child molestation , necrophilia etc. -RRB- Ca n't a novel be well written , sexy and graphic without including whips , chains , inscest and violence ? I have n't found one yet . Delta of Venus is certainly not one .
 Ok I got it . I got it after the first 3 stories . Unless you are studying the difference between male and female fantasy , I found the book boring .
 As a blogger who writes quirky and unconventional perspectives on LOVE , I am compelled to read what is moving the public . Anais Nin 's Delta of Venus was definitely an improvement over Fifty Shades of Grey . However for me , erotica is not personally moving sans the romance . Nin herself writes that sex without love lacks color . Delta of Venus is a series of short sex stories . I stayed with it anticipating that one of the essays would capture my attention . Instead I was once again disappointed in reading about atypical sexual perversions void of emotion . More interesting is to consider how scandalous Delta of Venus was in the context of the tImes . Howard Roarke in the Fountainhead got me going more than the characters in 50 Shades of Grey and Delta of Venus . Back to writing on ILoveYouOften.com , an optimistic reality check on love and relationships and other good stuff !
 Apparently these pornographic novels was a commissioned work for an unknown book lover in Paris . Anas Nin seems to have an inclination towards describing sexual scenes bordering on tabu areas like violence and incest .
 This is the second of her books I have read . I will not purchase anymore . I found it rather boring as I did her first book . Unfortunately I purchased both books at the same time . I would not recommend . There are so many more ... books out there that are better .
 When I was 8 I peeped on my aunt breastfeeding through an open doorhole from which the knob had been removed . I blew into the hole to clear out some of the wood shavings , upon which a shard flew into my eye.This is how I feel about reading this book . I got what I deserved for being a voyeur and reading erotica on the sly . Just when you get lulled in by the good prose style of Anais Nin she stabs you in the eye.If erotica is supposed to give you the jollies , here is where I cringed :1 . Incest -LRB- with both sexes -RRB- 2 . Pedophilia3 . Female genital mutilationAll of these were involuntary acts of sex where a clearly stronger aggressor victimizes a weaker party , and sometimes a combination of these , and I 'd only gotten through the first three stories!The worst part is I read before I sleep and I had a dream about a homosexual pedophile shortly after reading that story . I thought this would be a fun read but I kind of feel like the old Europe feel is n't all that sexy to me
 I guess I was expecting better writing from Nin . I have heard so many good things about her writing and I have read a few books by one of her `` good friends '' , Henry Miller , that I decided to pick up Delta of Venus and was a bit disappointed . In the introduction Anais Nin describes the conditions under which she wrote much of what is contained in this book . Some wealthy `` collector '' had commissioned erotica at the rate of $ 1/page and he was not interested in anything but the physical act of sex . Well , Nin delivered . Much of the content is the description of various sexual situations and lacks what I would consider art . Reading Delta of Venus I felt like I was reading a more tasteful version of Letters to Penthouse . I must admit , this is my first exposure to Nin so I am not saying she is not a gifted author . I understand she was commissioned to write stories of this nature , I 'm just saying I expected something more .
 This book does n't even deserve a star . I just fell upon it , on a bookshelf with loads of old books in my house . I 'm nearly 17 years old , and perhaps this book is the kind that you appreciate as you get older , but honestly , I do n't see myself enjoying this book even in 20 years ... I 've read so many reviews raving about how ` poetic , sensual , wonderful ' it is and what a talent the person is ... sorry I do n't see it!Anyone can write a bunch of sex stories . I did n't see anything poetic in the writing ... it was plain . As for sensual and arousing ? Hardly . It was crude , and vulgar . It was sex , sex , sex ... and presented harshly , with none of the sensuality , the sweetness , the gentle pleasure one likes to associate with sex ... it was boring , repetitive , and I 'll admit disturbing.What was the point of the story where the Hungarian whatever forced himself on his adolescent children ? Or the raped little boy ? It was just weird . There 's just the sex , and no development of any points she may be trying to make . It 's kind of just left there ... unfinished ... unsatisfying . Frankly , it was so distasteful -LRB- VULGAR -RRB- , I was shocked . And I 'm not religious , puritan , conservative or any such thing ... quite the opposite , I have an open mind . But this book left me cold .
 I have read this book twice now . Trying to understand why anyone would think it to be wonderful , beautiful , sensual or erotic . It is just the opposite . I do n't care what time period it was writing in ! I am open minded but there is just some stuff that is JUST PLAIN SICK ! She writes beautifully but i do n't think genital mutilation , raping kids or necrophilia is OK ! Not to mention incest or both sexes . IF YOU ARE A SICK HUMAN BEING THAT LIKES HAVING SEX WITH YOUR OWN FAMILY MEMBERS , CHILDREN OR DEAD BODIES THAN HAVE AT IT !
 Hmm - why is this book such a bore ? Surely the appeal of erotica is in reading about things that can not normally be discussed ; ideas that would not normally be thinkable , behaviour that would not normally be permissable . So what does it say when none of the sad packs appearing in these short stories manage to bring forth any concepts which are novel , surprising or confronting ? Incest , necrophilia , exhibitionism all get a look in , but in a way which is unappealing - the book seems to assume an audience with the traditional Western attributes of repressed sexuality , a belief that sex in sinful , and hatred of the human body . To answer my own question , the implicit assumptions that pleasure is evil , sexuality is sinful and that people are ugly , is what makes it a bore .
 I tore this book to shreds after I read it . Though the book is charming at times and intelligent once or twice , it is built on the premise that only the unfamiliar is erotic . Nin has written the same basic story over and over here
 This was the worse book I ever read !!! Nothing but a bunch of bizard sexual stories that go no where . Trust me , save your money and do n't buy this book .
 Sorry to say this book was not of any use to me . Ive been an electrician for 20 plus years . Mostly industrial work . I wish I could get my money back . I used to teach electricians in the Air Force . From that back ground I dont think that anyone could get very much use from this book . I was hoping to learn somethings about residentual wiring because I dont do that kind wiring for a living . I never even finished reading the book . It was full of alot of useless fluff . I hope to sell this book at a flea market this summer to atleast get back some of my money.If I knew then what I know now I wouldnt buy it or suggest anyone reading it . I am sorry to write this I had high hopes for this book .
 Wordy , wordy , wordy . Lots of info there , somewhere -- like Ronald Reagan 's story of horse poop in Xmas stocking
 This book is geared towards hunting folks and not the general Golden owning public . I do not recommend it for a general book on the breed . The pictures are nice , though .
 Does not seem to have personal extraction information . Not the perfect referance for owners or prior purchasers . Text is basic categories for owners or hunting animals . The author does not explain creature maintainence or dietary supplements . This manual is incomparable to other , more insightful guides . This also applies to The Essential Golden Retriever , which has no technical hints and mediocre purchasing information . Some breed books are unequaled , but this particular publishing is sub par .
 I read about half-way through this book and found that I just did not have the desire to finish it . I feel the author did not work hard enough at interpolating appropriate details to create an atmosphere . She probably put a lot of work in , but not enough for me .
 Rather than my own summary , I am fine with this Publishers Weekly excerpt
 I enjoyed the reminders of the fifties but I could n't get past her shallowness . When one of her friends starts to date a boy that is out of their circle she suggests that her friends class finally shows . She is an avid reader but seems so unconnected to anything that is going on in the world . I do n't think she would have been someone that I would have been interested in when I grew up in the fifties . I thought it was a story going no where and had a hard time finishing it .
 This book is disappointing for Red Sox fans , and I would assume of little interest to non Red Sox fans who are tired of having the Sox shoved down their throats since October ' 04 . Considering Mnookin had his own desk at Fenway and all of this supposed insider access to the team , there is little to no new information here for those who have followed the Red Sox closely . If you read the Globe and/or the Herald during this time period and followed the team , there really is n't anything new here . Mnookin also spends several chapters telling the history of the Red Sox . If you 're a Sox fan , you 've heard all of this a hundred times before.In many ways this book reads as advertising for the Red Sox -LRB- look at the book 's title -RRB- . The only person Mnookin really criticizes harshly is Boston Globe columnist Dan Shaughnessy , who he paints as a modern day Max Mercy . While this may well be the case , it 's hardly new information , many Boston fans dislike/distrust Shaughnessy already . It 's pretty easy to go after a guy most people do n't like anyway.It 's always interesting to read about the Sox , but you might want to rent this from the local library rather than buy it . You 've read this all before .
 ... otherwise I 'd look like a fool . If I 'd waited until it made the best seller list I 'd have gotten a discount , and then I 'd have given it one star.I knew Mnookin was in trouble when he said that Garciaparra 's .371 average was the highest for a Red sox player since Ted Williams batted .388 in 1957 . I looked < everywhere > for something that made Ted 's .406 irrelevant to the comparison , but could n't find it . In addition to several factual errors , Mnookin is an awkward writer and does not choose words carefully . Clement was `` ushered off the field '' the day he was hit in head with a line drive ? Things like that drive me nuts.Boring , boring , boring book.Someone should refer him to Michael Holley for a How-To-Follow-A-Team-For-A-Year-And-Come-Out-With-A-Great-Book Primer.Don ' t waste your money . Support your local library ,
 The book they send is not the one pictured ! I want the original illustrations by Hilary Knight ; that 's the book that was pictured , and the illustrator listed under the title was Hilary Knight . However , the book I received was the newer one with pictures by Alexandra Boiger . I have no idea why they felt the need for new illustrations in the first place , I love Hilary Knight 's ; they added to the charm of the quirky stories when I read them as a kid , and I still prefer them . I 've had more trouble with Amazon not picturing the correct item and sending me what I do n't want with these books ! I give up . Amazon , hire a library cataloger and get some decent organization and control of your product listings ! One star is for Amazon 's performance , which is n't fair to the books . I loved the Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle stories as a child , still love them , and plan to read them to my son ! Funny , quirky , imaginative !
 if you want your children to think that the `` cure '' for any problem , such as daydreaming , lack of energy or hyperactivity comes in a powder or a pill , then `` Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle 's Magic '' is right up your alley . if you believe in slipping mood-altering substances into your child 's body is a good thing , here 's your book . if you think children 's shortcomings should first be treated with love , avoid this book and the rest of the Piggle-Wiggle books , which treat children like mindless -LSB- kids -RSB- that parents must trick into good behavior .
 I really enjoyed the book . I liked how the pictures were pretty clear . I 've always like Batman and Supergirl . I think that they should 've gotten together , like not argueing , but this is Batman . He suspects everything.dede
 Loebs worse story , which is bad cause he is usually a great writer . Pluss the fact it is drawn by one of the worst artist in the business . Forget everything you know about the human anatomy , because it no longer matters . Everyone is this book is also Asian . Superman , Batman , WonderWoman , and every body else is Asian . Also SuperGirl has an eating disorder , you do n't get the skinny by not puking up your meals . The story itself is awful , and all over the place . Pass this one up if you can . Espeicaly if you have heart problems , cause rhis will surely have suffering a heart attack .
 This was a shame . I think supergirl is a cool character and can be done well , but this just makes clear that DC has no idea what to do with her . There is no characterization , no back up characters and the story can only loosely be called a `` story . '' The art is cool and it seems that is all this book has to offer . It 's a real disappointment , especially after Peter David 's run on the previous Supergirl -LRB- linda danvers -RRB- which was excellent . Stick with Many Happy Returns , possibly the best supergirl story ever -LRB- along with Crisis on Infinite Earths -RRB- .
 If you were to ask many long time comic book fans what they know of Supergirl 's history you might be surprised to hear them ask which Supergirl you were talking about . Just thinking about all the twists and turns this character has gone through is enough to give you a migraine . She has to be one of , if not the most , retconned character in comics . Most of us knew her best as Superman 's cousin Kara the last survivor of Argo City . She went on many adventures with and without Superman but she eventually joined the 30th century hero group the Legion of Superheroes where the character had the chance to grow . She later lost her life in battle against the Anti-Monitor in the Crisis on Infinite Earths miniseries , and by the time this reality altering series was over she had never even existed as far as DC Comics continuity was concerned.This trade collects issues 8-13 of the Superman/Batman series . The story opens as Batman is diving in the waters off Gotham City collecting remnants of a recently destroyed Kryptonite asteroid . While arguing with Superman over a comm-link he finds a recently abandoned space ship with Kryptonian markings . He has to cut his examination short however when someone steals the Batboat and crashes it into a pier . He eventually catches up to the thief to find a teenage girl with super powers . He subdues her with some of the Kryptonite he found and takes her back to the Batcave for an examination . When she comes to and tries to escape Superman talks to her and finds out she is his cousin Kara Zor-El . She stays at Superman 's fortress in quarantine as her powers grow since Batman is suspicious of her story . We later find out that her ship was supposed to follow Superman 's as he left for Earth . She was to be his guardian but her ship was buried in debris when Krypton exploded and she drifted through space in some kind of hibernation until she eventually reached Earth.As Clark Kent is showing Kara the outside world Wonder Woman , Harbinger and Artemis ambush them . They insist of taking Kara to Themyscira -LRB- home of the Amazons -RRB- for training because Harbinger had a vague vision that bad things would happen due to Kara being on Earth . Harbinger appears to be right when she is killed while trying to prevent Darkseid 's minions from kidnapping Kara . With the help of Big Barda they travel to Apokolips to rescue the now brainwashed Kara . When they return home Kara learns to accept her new life on Earth and her role as Supergirl.Jeff Loeb tried to cram too much into these stories . There is no pacing and no build up to the character . Its like he was saying here is the new Supergirl so just accept her . And I have to question the way he handles this story . Why is Superman such a wimp ? He lets others push him around and can only stand by and brood . You 're Superman for crying out loud . Show some backbone . And I know they have been writing Batman as an even bigger paranoid obsessive than usual lately but this needs to stop . He is such a jerk nobody would put up with him no matter how smart he was . Kara says her ship never left of its own power so how did it survive Krypton 's destruction . It is suggested Supergirl might be more powerful than Superman is , but the only sunlight she was exposed to prior to landing on Earth was artificial . We also see that in less than a month on Earth she has learned several languages . How is this possible ? Kryptonian technology ? But since we are on the topic could n't Kryptonian technology have taught her everything she needed to know about Earth on the way there ? She was supposed to be Kal-el 's guardian so why not arm her with as much information on Earth as they had . Worst of all is how she managed to survive inside a Kryptonite asteroid . Long term Kryptonite exposure equals death.Michael Turner has made a name for himself in comics but I ca n't stand that sketchy art style he uses . It seems he puts little effort into showing us the texture of objects and his characters have little variety in facial expression and emotion . It is only due to Peter Steigerwald 's coloring that the art is able to come across as moody . On the plus side though Turner does draw a good Batman.I think the biggest problem with the Supergirl character was that she was never anything more than a pale imitation of her famous cousin . Whatever depth the character might have had was never strong enough to let her step out of Superman 's shadow . Whether this Supergirl will be the one that stands the test of time in the DC universe or is just the latest version to come down the line remains to be seen .
 Superman Batman started out AMAZING . A thought provoking arc filled with great art , great dialogue . Then came this complete 180 . Jeph Loeb completely fell off the tracks , not to mention the Michael Turner art . Once you realize that ALL of Turner 's figures look the same , the book loses something . Not to mention that the story on the whole is nonsensical and uncharacteristic . A stain on the DCU . Do not buy ! Go look up `` Alan Moore '' or `` Jim Lee '' if you want some good story and art respectively . Not this !
 I was disappointed with the contents of the book . I was hoping it would also serve as a field guide for finding the ingredients . The descriptions of the wild foods are not descriptive enough to help you actually find them . Also , there are no pictures of any of the plants . I found most of the recipes to be very complex in flavors . -LRB- Mostly Asian and Indian -RRB- Not that I mind complex flavors . My fear is the spices would cover up the taste of the wild ingredient to much . The first time I try a new food , I want a simple recipe so I better understand its taste .
 Munenori presents a very abstract , Zen oriented manual to the art of swordsmanship . The book hints at oral instruction as the primary body of the teaching to accompany the book and it shows through in the reading . In my impression , the book reads much more like a book of Zen philosophy than it does a swordsmanship manual . Granted , most books regarding the topic incorporate Zen , however this book leans much more towards Zen instead of its applications in sword fighting . Supposedly , Munenori is the `` middle ground '' between the extreme , Zen-oriented Takuan Soho -LRB- `` The Unfettered Mind '' -RRB- and the practical , loner swordsman Miyamoto Musashi -LRB- `` The Book of Five Rings '' -RRB- . In my opinion , Munenori -LRB- whom the book states was heavily influenced by Takuan -RRB- also leans toward the `` Zen extreme '' style of writing.Personally , I think anyone would be better off reading `` The Book of Five Rings '' by Miyamoto Musashi . His practical approach blends application and spiritual insight in a much better approach . If you are interested primarily in Zen and sword fighting , you are better off reading the two chapters regarding Swordsmanship in Suzuki 's `` Zen and Japanese Culture '' . If you love the abstract , Zen only readings , Suzuki 's `` Zen Mind , Beginner 's Mind '' is for you . In short , the book is n't really worth reading when better classics are already out there given the subject matter .
 Baldwin has created a steamy universe with a debauched Emperor and crass commercial Empire . Though the hero , Canby , fights for right , the dark and debauched scenes of sexual orgies -- and in one case pedophilia , make this a book unsuitable for younger readers . Baldwin writes as if he was unhappy with the straightforward good versus evil in the Helmsman series and needed to make a universe reflective of everything that is bad.This is a step down in Baldwin 's otherwise finely crafted space operas that are suitable for younger and adventurous teens.Canby 's Legion is NOT Suitable for younger readers
 Mr. Baldwin has the makings of an excellent series in `` Canby 's Legion '' . There is a corrupt government , a distrusted ex-military caste , a conquered enemy , and pirates . However , Mr. Baldwin seemed to cut the story short and gave some simple , unsatisfying explanations to tie up all the lose ends . Disappointing .
 Flashes of what could have been a great story , but ultimately disappointing . The final pages seeming attempt to turn the story into a fable were too little too late .
 I found this to be a work of no redeeming value . I treasure my books and I threw this one out . I wanted the hours of my life I spent reading it back . The characters are flat , the plot stale , and the action lame . Additionally , every woman in this `` novel '' -LRB- and I use that term loosely here -RRB- is a prostitute , betrayer , or sadistic torturer . Stay away .
 Baldwin has always displayed a certain facination with hyper-sexual appetites but Canby 's Legion is a complete surrender to this questionable practice . I found that his depiction of the sex obsessed imperial society detracted from the story , which was very weak in the first place , and his characterization of the principals -LRB- Kobir and Canby -RRB- were almost amateurish . I hope this book is an abberation and not the new direction that Baldwin intends to take his work
 This book is okay . It is not what I had hoped for . I am trying to find a book that counts calories from fast food places and if you are trying to do the same thing then do n't buy this book .
 The second half the book is missing , and what is there has so many printing glitches that it is hard to read . I was disappointed that I could even buy this from Amazon .
 This edition was scanned from the original using Optical Character Recognition software to keep the cost down , therefore , there are typos that resulted from smudged or worn pages . While this information is disclosed in the book as well as in the product description from Amazon , the typos can be distracting while reading . Also if you need to read the entirety of the novel , do not waste your time with this edition as it only covers chapters 1-31 . There are many more than that -LRB- 63 I believe -RRB- . Overall , I would not recommend this edition to anyone . Do not waste your money on it !
 *** This review is for the cream colored paperback edition with the black lettering . *** This edition of the book is extremely cheap . It 's fraught with punctuation and printing mistakes that make it very difficult to read . The publishers of the books say that they used some computer software to scan and translate the text of the book to keep the cost low `` for you , the reader , '' But would it have really killed them to pay someone $ 100 to proofread the damned thing ? The mistakes are obvious and numerous . Plus , the second half of the book is left out.It really kills me that such shoddy work is allowed to be printed and sold to the general public . Way to take advantage of lax copyright laws , guys .
 My son LOVES trains , and he also loved the Curious George movie . He has several of the books based on the Rey 's style , and the PS2 Curious George game.Curious George Takes a Train is the first George book I 've bought `` sight unseen '' -LRB- from Amazon.com -RRB- . However , since my son loves both trains and George , I felt it was a great fit.Granted , my son seems to like the book . Out of the four books illustrated/written in the Rey tradition , my son owns three by Martha Weston . The other -- Curious George Goes to a Chocolate Factory -- is illustrated by Vipah Interactive.Weston is heavy on the black charcoal as it is -LRB- as seen in the shadowing of books like Curious George Visits a Toy Store -RRB- , but she is * especially * heavy with the black illustrations in Curious George Takes a Train . In fact , it often looks as if a child has taken a black crayon and -LRB- no lie -RRB- colored vertical streaks of black right on top of the people!It 's very unattractive , in my opinion , but kids do n't seem to notice these types of things . I also felt that the story was a bit harrowing for a George tale -LRB- a little boy runs from his father after a toy train , the gate closes behind him , and the boy almost goes out in front of the tracks -- but George saves his life . -RRB- The story is a bit quick ... it goes from the Man with the Yellow Hat strolling off with Mrs. Needleman in the station to George climbing up and messing with the numbers and letters on the train schedule -- and then off to saving the boy!If your child is a train enthusiast who likes George , he/she will likely enjoy this book . However , as far as stories go -- and illustrations -- there are better books in this series , in my opinion .
 I just lost a friend to suicide and thought this book would help me understand it little better . It really did n't . I expected this to be a more `` John Edward '' type thing where there would be validations I could trust . It was just a stream-of - consciousness typed by the author . It seems to have helped a lot of people , judging from the other reviews , but it did n't do anything for me except cause more skepticism . It seemed to miss expressing any sympathy for those who have taken their own life .
 This book offers no insight and is completely unbelievable rant of the authors personal views . It is n't even a well written rant . If you have lost someone to suicide and you are desperately looking for some shred of hope do n't bother with this book . Try `` After Suicide
 She found absolutely nothing when she claimed she could find Chandra Levy 's body . Listen to the 08-02-2001 Howard Stern Show for the complete debacle .
 The Renovation Manipulation adds no useful knowledge to the discerning reader . Rose uses quotes from church documents to incite opposition to the changes in church design and architecture regarding the positioning of the tabernacle , the removal of communion rails , the use of flexible seating -LRB- chairs , not pews -RRB- , the shape of the church , the place of Latin and Gregorian chant , and the use of statues in churches . His quotes , however , support just as strongly different -LRB- even opposing -RRB- views when taken in the context intended . What I found most troubling is his inflammatory language that serves to divide the Catholic community rather than inspire dialog . His theology of Eucharist is suspect . Charles Wilson in the Foreword states that `` in the Mass the sacrifice of Calvary is repeated . '' Rose says on page 15 that the `` important sacrificial aspect of the Mass seems to have been dismissed . '' Rose says on page 78 that `` the Mass is inseparably connected to the Crucifixion -LRB- not the Resurrection -RRB- '' . The Catechism of the Catholic Church -LRB- # 1330 -RRB- says that the Mass is `` the memorial of the Lord 's Passion and Resurrection '' , which Rose quotes on page 71 . This is not compatible with the three statements quoted above from the book . In footnote 5 on page 5 , he quotes The Constitution on the Sacred Liturgy , # 36.1 , `` the use of the Latin language is to be preserved in the Latin rites . '' # 36.2 of the same document says , `` But since the use of the mother tongue ... frequently may be of great advantage to the people , the limits of its use may be extended . '' In the same footnote , he quotes # 116 of the same document , `` The Church acknowledges Gregorian chant as distinctive of the Roman liturgy ; therefore ... it should be given pride of place in liturgical services . '' But this same paragraph goes on to say , `` But other kinds of sacred music ... are by no means excluded from liturgical celebrations . '' In writing about statues and sacred art in churches , he quotes again from the same document , # 124 , `` The practice of placing sacred images in churches so that they may be venerated by the faithful is to be maintained . '' But the very next sentence in that document says , `` Nevertheless there is to be restraint regarding their number and prominence so that they do not create confusion among the Christian people or foster religious practices of doubtful orthodoxy . '' On page 56 , he quotes Canon 938.2 of the Code of Canon Law , 1983 , `` The tabernacle in which the blessed Eucharist is reserved should be sited in a distinguished place in a church or oratory , a place which is conspicuous , suitably adorned and conducive to prayer . '' This does not mean it has to be on the altar , as he would have the reader believe ! All in all , not worth reading , unless you want to know how Rose and his followers think .
 Michael Rose wants to prove a point that reflects his opinion that the Catholic Church was better in the pre-Vatican II era . To do so he uses extreme examples -LRB- there were poor examples of churches before Vatican II , but they are ignored -RRB- . There is no attempt at scholarly balance . He takes as gospel the reports of those against change who put that which they are against in the most unflattering , and I 'm sure at times unfair , light.Certainly there are instances of poorly handled renovations , but the issues are complicated by theology and esthetics . Theological reasons for newer forms of church worship space have been developed with sound backing -LRB- and still are evolving in the practice , just as Rose 's beloved old churches moved from Romaneque to Gothic -RRB- . Esthetics complicate the issue . One may not like a certain style without it being intrinsically `` bad . '' Styles change , and not all will agree and many will be disturbed by new forms . Not everyone appreciated every new example of the Gothic form . Many things , including economics , preclude us from repeating old examples . Even if we could build them just like we used to , that would not really be a virtue . If our ancestors rejected all new forms we would not have the wonderful sacred spaces we have today .
 Mark Twain was one of the United States ' greatest writers , but not one of its most brilliant novelists . A case in point is this 1889 novel , `` A Connecticut Yankee In King Arthur 's Court . `` The plot has been redone so many times as to make a synopsis here seem pointless . The title character is a practical-minded factory superintendent from Hartford laid out by a crowbar-wielding worker and transported to the time of King Arthur . After conning the locals by anticipating an eclipse and pretending he has blotted out the sun , the Yankee sets to work reforming Arthur 's kingdom in slow degrees , earning the wrath of the wizard Merlin among others.The novel 's defenders point out that while written in the guise of a children 's novel , `` A Connecticut Yankee '' is a cleverly subversive satire that ridicules tradition and progress simultaneously . For seven-eighths of the book , however , it is neither a fair nor a scintillating fight . Our hero , Hank Morgan , is the book 's narrator , and perhaps unreliable , but Twain offers no hint of this as Morgan and Twain mock the customs and puncture the myths of this bygone day , informing us whatever existed then could n't hold a candle to the present day . `` Somehow , every time the magic of folderol tried conclusions with the magic of science , the magic of folderol got left , '' Morgan explains.As the book develops , Morgan builds up the society he finds with modern conveyances , including trains , guns , and telephones . At one point in the story , knights ride to battle on bicycles.Anachronism soon devolves as the main source of humor for the book , along with the narrator 's off-handed way of telling us about the people he meets , none of whom impress him . One maiden proves such a windy bore it is a surprise to find Morgan later married to her , and quite a fond husband at that . There is one fellow named Clarence who becomes Morgan 's chief acolyte , but he only shows up to help Morgan out of the various minor jams that form the narrative thrust of our story.Much of the time , Twain uses Morgan 's experience as an excuse to launch into some invective , particularly involving institutions like slavery and the Roman Catholic Church . Critics talk about this as a slam against capitalism , too , but for the most part Twain presents capitalism as a fine and noble thing , ruined only by the blinkered idiocy of Arthur 's subjects.Whatever point Twain had in setting this story in Camelot goes by the boards after 50 pages . He references Malory but demonstrates little interest or fondness for the subject . Arthur goes on one meandering journey with Morgan disguised as a serf , Twain borrowing from his own `` Prince And The Pauper '' , but Arthur otherwise registers little in the story and his court even less . When Arthur 's fate is sealed , it occurs off-stage and is presented in the manner of a second-hand report.I got the feeling that Twain had a good idea for a novel but no notion what to do with it . This happens with his novels , like `` Pudd ` nhead Wilson '' and `` The Gilded Age . '' His best-known novel , `` Huckleberry Finn , '' has a famously disjointed ending , though that wrapper is a regular prize compared to what he does here . It 's one of the big `` huh '' moments in American literature , exceeded only by those critics who explain why it is so brilliant , because it satirizes the whole message of the rest of the novel or anticipates trench warfare or shows why suits of armor are a bad idea when worn in battle against an electrified fence . To me it 's Twain clearly throwing up his arms and leaving his reader in a hole after being dragged around for over 300 pages.Twain knocks off some good one-liners , and does enough with the concept in the beginning that you wish his heart had stayed in the venture . It did n't , but fortunately for his legacy academia has been more than willing to make up for his lack of patience or effort .
 There is no denying that Mark Twain is one of the best American authors . His wit and caustic style is just one of a kind , and his novels , with the in depth plot and yet witty and sardonic characters and the episodes that are at times comic and serious , is what defines that man and author that you either love or hate . In `` A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court , '' it may leave some ambiguous . First of all , the idea is clever
 A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court takes place in the late 19th century -LRB- in the begging of the book -RRB- to the mid-7th century -LRB- in the end and the middle of the book -RRB- A man by the name of Hank Morgan , travels back in time to the legendary era of King Arthur and His round table . Morgan keeps a diary of the events and happenings of what goes on during his crazy adventure at King Arthur 's kingdom . Using 19th century technological advancments , Morgan fools everyone into believing that he is a great magician . After he gains the respect of the kink and the people , he becomes known as `` The Boss '' . He goes on several adventures which result in a comical , exiting atmosphere for the book to take place in . I did n't particularly like this book for a couple of reasons . First off , none of the jokes are funny . This might be because it was writtern in the 19th century . The author -LRB- Mark Twain -RRB- was probably cracking jokes from the time it was written . Some times the jokes dept on repeating themselves . Morgan kept on using slang from the 19th century ; of coarse none of the medieval characters were understood him . The book also got really boring , really fast . There was really no action in it . It seemed like the author was trying to make it funny , but could n't . The characters were unrealistic ; they would not be in the same mood for 5 minutes . In conclution I do n't recommend this book if you do n't like getting board -LRB- like me -RRB- .
 I thought that A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court By Mark Twain touched a lot of important aspects that our culture and society faces today while also satirized the times of Camelot . It also contrasted and showed the differences between the medieval times and the nineteenth century.But unfortunately I found this book hard to follow and had trouble getting into it . I felt that Twain often drug on certain topics or ideas . I think that I would have found this book to be a lot more interesting if Twain would have been more forward and to the point . I guess this book just was n't for me , but others might find it interesting.But I do have a lot of respect for Twain for writing this . I 'm sure that this book caused a lot of controversy since he wrote about a lot of sensitive topics , especially earlier in his time .
 `` A Conneticut Yankee in King Arthers Court '' is about Hank Morgan who lived in the 19th century and somehow was sent to the 6th . He develops England using modern technology . He goes on some expeditions and tries to change everything that was bad in the Medevil times . I did not like the book at all because it was incredibly boring . Most of the book had nothing to do with the main climax . The whole book was filled with completly irelevant and confusing details . There were a lot of things that happened suddenly and were not sufficently explained-like when Hank got married . Overall there were to many details where they did n't need them and not enough details where they did need them . The book was also very unrealistic . If Hank knew all that he did in the book , he would have probably rivaled Einstien 's IQ . There 's no way one person could make telephones , gattling guns , revolvers , newspapers , and factories using 6th century tools . The book was filled with to many , `` And I just happened to remember that if , '' - Hank knew to much about certain things that no one else would know about to be realistic . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS BOOK because it is boring , confusing , and unrealistic .
 I am reviewing the book `` A Conneticuit Yankee in King Arthurs Court '' . A store clerk living in the 1800 's named Hank Morgan went back in time to the Middle Ages when he was hit in the head and knocked unconscious . He woke up in the Middle Ages and with his 19th century knowledge tried to help the citizens The ways he helped them were he created schools for the children , he made guns for the army and brought electricity from lightning to help everybody . The main characters were Merlin , King Arthur , Clarence and the main character Hank Morgan . I did not like this book . I think the book is very boring because it is hard to understand the complicated text . The way that the text was complicated was Mark Twain was writing how Middle Ages citizens would talk and one of his sentences went like this , `` Graddually as the time wore down one annoying fact still borne upon my understanding '' . Another reason I do n't like this book is that it is to hard to know what is really going on and who is speaking in the book . At one point in this book I had a totaly different picture in my mind then what was happening in the book . I thought that Clarence and not Hank Morgan was going to get hanged and then burned . But really Hank Morgan was the one getting hanged and burned . I dont recamend this book to anybody under the age of 15 years old , and if you like boring and complicated books i think that you should check this one out !
 This has to be the worst book Twain has every written . I had to do a book report on a book that was dull , stupid and lackluster . I love sifi and fanstay book but this is the worst I have ever read in 30 years
 A connecticut yankee in king arthur 's court is a book about a man that lived in the 1800 's and time-traveled back to the Middle Ages . He becomes King Arthur 's `` second-hand '' and tries to make the society more modern . He does this by adding schools , a government system , and introducing more modern inventions . I found this book very boring because it did n't have much action to keep my attention . The reason why it was so boring is because the guy just sits around all day feeling proud of his high status . The story also does n't have many characters , which would have made it more interesting . The book was also hard to understand . Because it was set in the middle ages , the characters used old-fashioned words like `` Lo '' `` thou art '' etc. that i could not understand . Another reason why I would not reccomend this book to anyone is that it went off on differenbt subjects not pertaining to the story-line . Because it went off on weird subjects , I got confused easily and i would have to read parts of the story over-again . The only good thing about this book is that it taught me the differences between daily life today and how much different it was in the middle ages . Overall , i would not reccomend this book to anyone . It is deathly boring , and very confusing .
 `` A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthurs Court '' is a book about a man from the 19th century who `` time travels '' back into the 6th century when he is hit on the head by a friend . The man attempts to modernize everything . He makes people believe he is a powerful magician by performing simple acts that seem unreal to the people . For example , he blows up a tower by connecting gun powder to a lightning rod during a storm . Amazing ... I think not . I thought this book was boring because there are to many unnecessary details . Who cares what each prison cell looks like ? One whole chapter was on the prices of food and how they vary from town to town . Another reason I disliked this book is because it was hard to follow . All the different knights names are so hard to remember and its so slow paced that if you put the book down you ca n't remember what was going on and you 're not interested enough to care . This was a boring 300 page book that could easily be made into an interesting 150 page book . I would only recommend this to someone who has a lot of time on their hands or to someone who likes slow paced books .
 Hank Morgan , a Connecticut Yankee , travels back into time wher King Arthur rules . Needless to say , he goes on an excursion with King Arthur experiencing many events along the way . On the journey he learns lessons of how to be noble and be a knight . My opinion of this book is that it lacks something , something that is entertaining . I do not find it interesting or appealing . Mark Twain uses many details like most books he has written . The book went a bit overboard on them . Talking about how it feels to be in armor for a page does n't entice me . Also Twain goes onto new events too fast by actually lacking in detail . He did not have a smooth entrance to the journey he that the king and him went on . Also , I did n't realize until a chapter or two after Sandy , a damsel going on the journey , was introduced that she was a woman . I thought she was a horse at first . He could have transferred details , meaning using less on particular items and more on entrances . Overall , this book did not appeal to me at all . I usually get involved in books , but for this book I was utterly oblivious .
 Hank Morgan is hit in the head with a crowbar in the 19th century and wakes up int he Middle Ages . He becomes one of the most powerful people in his country , and because of his knowledge of the future , he makes many discoveries for the 6th century . Hank also goes on many journeys like when he discovers America , and after he has lived in America with his wife for a while he comes back to the city he lived at before he moved to America to find only a few people . With those people he goes against all of England.I would not recommend this book to anybody because it was boring and there was too much gore and killing . The book is boring because in the middle of the book fo about 50 pages they are riding on horses to get to this place to save some princesses that have been turned into pigs . Also the book goes on and on about boring sujects , and the few interesting subjects are over in a few pages . This book is too gory , and there is too much killing . There are people that go around killing people for no reason at all , and at one point in the book there are 30,000 dead bodies rotting . In conclusion I did not like this book because there was too much killing and it was boring .
 I did not think this was a good book at all . I read this with some friends , and though it made for good discussion , has its funny passages , I think it is a terrible account anything to do with King Arthur and the Holy Grail . Not terrible because it simply makes fun of those things , I could easily digest that , but because it seems to seriously attempt to make the legends seem to be groundless and made up , with none of their hidden meaning and mystery . Besides that , many things in this book are too unrealistic and not well thought out in my opinion .
 When you do the `` Look Inside '' thing , you 'll read `` This view is of the Mass Market Paperback edition -LRB- 1983 -RRB- from Bantam Classics . The Paperback edition -LRB- 2010 -RRB- from General Books LLC that you originally viewed is the one you 'll receive if you click the Add to Cart button at left . '' And that 's correct . The General Books LLC version is a completely different book . To wit ... General Books LLC puts together books using an OCR automated scanning device which can miss complete pages . There are many many Typos and no table of contents . There books receive NO EDITING of any kind , also , the OCR scanning is done by a robot -LRB- which the publishers website outright says can miss pages -RRB- . This is all stated on the publishers web site -LRB- google them and read for yourself to get all the details -RRB- . Almost every review of books published by General Books LLC -LRB- around 500,000 of them from one imprint or another now listed on Amazon -RRB- by buyers is negative , many are extremely so.As the General Books LLC version has reviews of other publishers versions associated with it , you need to be very careful to make sure you 've bought a decent version . If you have bought the version from General Books LLC by mistake , you can return to Amazon within 30 days -LRB- but check Amazon 's Return Policy for the details -RRB- .
 i have one of the originals of this book and it 's so old and crusty and it was so weird and hard to understand with all those big words , and different from the new copies made of it . The only reason to read it would be for school .
 It was grat at some parts and boring at others . The end made up for alot of the book .
 I am a true fan of the King Arthor legands and of the writings of Mark Twain , but this novel does not meet up to either things . Basically the writing is not as well done as his other stories like Tom Sawyer and it puts down the whole legand of the Round Table . If you are inclined to be romantic about the Arturian period definitly do not read this story . I wish that I could have enjoyed this more , but there was little to make me love it
 Twain spoils a promising premise with bloated preachifying , colorless prose , and an uneven , nigh-absurdist plot arc .
 I read the book , `` A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court . '' This is about a middle-aged man from Connecticut in the 19th century . He travels back in time to the Middle Ages . He meets new people and pretends he is a magician since he knows so much about the future . He becomes a well known hero throughout the land . The book is pretty much about his successes and adventures as he learns about Medieval times . To me , I thought the book was more on the boring side , but I think someone older might enjoy it more since the book has more complicated events and words . I think it was too long and slow because it would use up pages and pages describing landscapes or how uncomfortable wearing armor is when all I really wanted to do was get to the real point of the story . Also , I do n't think the characters were very exciting and interesting because they would never really act like a real person would act during a similar situation . Like how the main character , Hank Morgan , never really wondered how he got to be in the Middle Ages and how he never really missed the 1800 's or thought about how he could go back . This all makes up why I do n't like this book . So , if you 're young and looking for some action or if you 're old and looking for some adventure , I would not recommend this book .
 I have always loved Mark Twain since reading Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer as a kid . At one point I had even memorized `` The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County '' as a seventh-grader in Catholic school . Twain has always held a sentimental place close to my heart , so when our book club chose to read and discuss A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court , I was all for it.I had heard vaguely of Twain 's atheist mindset and his antagonism toward religion in general . But until I read Connecticut Yankee , I had no idea how much irrational and unfounded antipathy Twain had for the Catholic Church in particular . The pervasive theme in Connecticut Yankee is that our modern enlightened world is far superior to that which went before and that the `` bad old days '' of slavery and oppression were almost completely the fault of the Catholic Church . This anti-Catholic sentiment can hardly be denied as Twain himself urged reviewers not to mention it when the book first came out . `` Please do n't let on that there are any slurs at the Church , '' he told a sympathetic reviewer in the Boston Herald . `` I want to catch the reader unawares , and modify his views if I can . `` So Twain engaged in what we know today as the `` last acceptable prejudice . '' By way of a simple comparison , let us imagine that , instead of Catholics , Twain had chosen Jews , Mormons , or Evangelicals as the villains of Connecticut Yankee . Would it still occupy the exalted position it does as an American classic ? Or would it be relegated to those dusty shelves where reside other scurrilous works or racist manifestos to be studied as a historical curiosity of a meaner age?For me , the most annoying aspect of Connecticut Yankee was Twain 's almost total ignorance of history -- or , perhaps more accurately , his decision to turn history on its head to better fit his polemical aims of blaming all the ills of society on the Catholic Church . This is a classic example of what happens , I suppose , when a journalist with a wide breadth of knowledge but no depth attempts to novelize about a historical subject . To address some of Twain 's errors :1 . -RRB- Slavery in antiquity was in no way the fault of the Church . That pernicious institution long predated Christianity and was endemic to classical pagan societies . Indeed , the Church has a long history of making the lot of slaves more tolerable and being among the premier abolitionist institutions in the world .2 . -RRB- The idea that the Church suppresses intellectual freedom is a fable made up during the Protestant rebellion , though it is heartily embraced by Twain . Far more erudite scholars than I have examined this fallacy in detail , so rather than address this topic in detail here , I would point the reader to Tom Woods 's excellent book , How the Catholic Church Built Western Civilization .3 . -RRB- Twain writes naively of democracy , putting in Hank Morgan 's mouth the notion that `` Where every man in a state has a vote , brutal laws are impossible . '' One wonders what Twain would have made of our modern America , where not only every man , but every woman has a vote , and yet the ghastly practice of abortion is not only legal , but enshrined as a human right . Democracy of itself does not ensure enlightened government . Without the temper of religion , democracy is as likely to produce brutal and repulsive laws as the worst monarchy . De Tocqueville understood this . It 's a wonder that Twain did not.There are many more , but this review is already more prolix that I had intended.As always , Twain 's writing sparkles in Connecticut Yankee and his lampooning of the style of Mallory is very funny . His characters , however , viewed 120 years later , are crudely drawn . Hank Morgan is an Alger-esque self-made man whose compendious knowledge of all subjects is just a little too convenient . The legendary Arthurians are all soulless pawns that Twain moves around to further his polemic . No insight is offered into their characters at all . They are all cruel and completely self-serving -- as they must be in Twain 's mind because they belong to the aristocracy . The story ends on a bizarrely depressing note for a tale that was predominantly a humorous satire for the first seven-eighths of its length.In short , this is not a book I will be reading to my kids as a bedtime story . For me , it is to be considered a shameful period piece , written at a time when it was acceptable and even laudatory to be a Know-Nothing and make up slanders about the Catholic Church . That it is a cleverly-written slander is only another mark against it . Amusing slanders are pleasing to read but have the potential to do real harm both to the target and the reader .
 Here is my review.You would have to be mentally ill to pay $ 12.00 for a book you can download for free.This book would have to be capable of doing my taxes for the asking price .
 This action adventure drama is a Mark Twain tale of a troubled man redirecting his life the fit the sixth century lifestyle . Written from his pen at the low point of his career , Mark Twain 's Connecticut Yankee was unorganized , and is unable to hold one 's attention.After being forcefully struck on the head by a not so gentle tool , Hank Morgan awakes with the realization that he is not in Kansas any more , in fact he is not in Connecticut either . He opens his eyes as a distraught stranger who has collided with a new age of unworldly elements , known as the sixth century . Coming from nineteenth century America , he is only equipped with confusion and bewilderment . Although throughout his existence in his present setting he learns that he possesses the power of knowledge and experience that he has involuntarily drawn from the well of the future . Stealthily using this to his advantage he quickly works his way up Camelot 's socioeconomic ladder he then takes a position among the sixth century 's finest.Almost immediately after acquiring his coveted political stature Hank is questioned of his worth . He is challenged with a knightly quest . Adventure arouses when he nobily accepts this journey . On the way he partners with a disarranged , yet flamboyant , long-winded maiden who shares Hank 's company , while ruining his silence throughout their quarry . All through Hank 's entity in the sixth century he indirectly influences the people with his foreign knowledge , all the while going through life altering experiences that will be impressed upon his mind for the rest of his days.It is obviously shown that Mark Twain was in an unhappy stage of his life while composing this peace . Do not be disillusioned by past reputations . The strong and healthy characters , depthful plots , and striking adventure are absent in this book . The story gave a feeling of gloomy misery , and anger . The climax and conclusion were blunt and quite unsatisfying , leaving the reader not only needing more , but wanting a plot as well . Packed with interesting yet depressing insights to mankind , and the actuality of the often glorified Camelot , the story does leave one thinking . Although all the while giving the reader a stale and dismal reaction . Consistently questioning the reader 's interest , this book is graced with an unconcluded and depressing response .
 `` A Connecticut Yankee In King Arthur 's Court '' is about Hank Morgan , a man who goes back in time to Camelot , and takes over using his knowledge of the future , and science . I did not like this book at all . It had no description , and I could hardly understand it . It had no description at all . At one point , Hank-the main character-complains that no one ever uses any description . Here is a passage from the book . `` Sir Gewaine went a-journeying , and fell upon Sir Kay . He smote Sir Kay down , off his horse . He went farthe and fell upon Sir Galahad . Sir Galahad smote Sir Gewaine with his sword . Then Sir Galahad went further down the road and smote down Sir James . '' Everyone in the book talked in either Old English , using words like prithee , thoust , and other confusing words , or they talked in 1800 's Yokel Tawk . In conclusion , I think the book was boring with lack of description , and hard to understand . I would recommend this book to skitzefrenics who ca n't handle good description , or want to be able understand the story .
 A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court , is about a man name Hank Morgan who finds himself transported 1,300 years back to the middle ages . He was thought to be a spy and was put in jail , but with the help of a page named Clarence , he convinces everyone that he is a wizard . Throughout the years he invents things we have today , but they did n't have back then . He also educates and helps people of the kingdom and becomes a knight himself . I found the book to be time-consuming and dull because nothing ever eventful happened and the old English they used made it hard to comprehend . They did not have a lot of big events at all . All he did was talk , talk , and talk about what he was going to do . It would have been more stimulating if they described when he was fighting , exploring , or helping others . Another thing that made it boring was that they used old English . It baffled me when they would say `` thou are pithy '' . You would n't know who `` thou '' was or even what `` pithy '' meant ! You would not like this book if you like mystery or fast pace , and I do not advise reading it any way .
 This book is out of touch with modern education . It 's boring
 i think that this book was very diffent . and that it was very hard to understand . most of the book i wasnt really sure what was going on just that he was magical and that he was in the past . there was definitly a twisted ending but thats ok . if i had a choice i probably wouldnt have read this book and read a different book on the list but oh well i got the pages i needed out of it .
 I had to read this book for a college class and at first I thought ... oh cool , a time travel story . This book was anything but . It 's nothing more than a 400 page rant about how evil wealthy people are , in contrast to the inherent goodness of the oppressed poor . He stereotypes shamelessly throughout this book . And despite the fact that both the narrator and people who read this book seem to assert that this tale is set in the 6th century it absolutely is not . You did not have castles , titled lords and ladies , a powerful Roman Catholic church , and French sounding names in 6th century Britain ! Had Mr. Twain been more balanced in his writing and more historically factual I personally would have found this book a great deal more readable . A story about someone in the 19th century transported to a time and place where Britons and Anglo-Saxons were fighting for control of the land would have been even more fascinating . As it stands , anyone looking for a time travel story is going to get little more than a meandering , endless , and plotless leftwing spiel .
 this book sucks no one should ever read i hated it so bad that i want to throw it away never ever read it
 Hi everyone ! I had to read this book for school and it was torture . I would not ever reccommend this book to anyone . It was soo boring ! Mark Twain tried to be funny , but he was not ! The chapters droned on and on about boring topics . This is not a lie at all
 I was excited to get a copy of A Connecticut Yankee , since I had n't read it in twenty-five years , but to my dismay , the print is eye-strainingly small . The story is just as classic as always , and to it I give a galaxy of stars . However , to the knuckleheads at Bantam , I have only condemnation . The print is as small as I have ever seen . My thirty-something eyes are still strong , and are aided by glasses , but I find that after a half an hour , I must put the book down . Spend a little more money , and do yourself a favor , and buy a different version of this wonderful book .
 Had Twain stopped after the first section , in which he describes riverboat piloting and his exploits therein , I would have come away with a positive impression of the book . His piloting writings were entertaining and interesting , even though not particularly relevant in today 's world.However the later chapters ruin the book . Twain documents his return to the Mississippi with a plethora of miscellaneous descriptions and loosely related anecdotes . These sections range from only mildly entertaining to just plain boring , as Twain does n't even use his humor to save them.In the end the disappointment of the second half outweighs the enjoyment of the first half .
 Mark Twain is a great author , but not here . I liked his `` Tom Sawyer '' and `` Adventures of Huckleberry Finn '' and , I 've a fine appreciation for the man 's sheer wit . `` The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County '' is the best short story I had to read in High School . `` A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court '' is an overblown rant against religion dressed in the trappings of novelization.I found the plot absurd . Twain 's barbs against religion were witty , but so over-the-top they interfered with the actual story . I kept finding the novel stupid instead of funny , and pointless instead of witty , especially when ` technology/modern civilization ' began dominating the court . The use of detail detracted from the story ; extremely overwritten . The main character was an ` expert ' on everything , and felt more like an author 's mouthpiece than a real man , even a caricature of a man . If you are n't amused by old-style religious slanders , expect a plot , and have read modern time travel stories , you 'll hate this so-called ` great ' novel.Please feel free to discuss in the comments rather than giving me rage-unhelpfuls because you disagree with my opinion . Thanks !
 This book was a required reading for my school for summer . I did not enjoy the book in some parts because I found it to be very confusing and boring . There were some chapters that I found interesting and suspenseful . I would not recommend this book for readers . I think it just gets boring after awhile .
 I had to read this book for a college class , I thought it was one of Twain 's worst , and that comes from someone who loves many of Twain 's other works . In fact for my essay I compared this work to The Adventures of Tom Sawyer . Twain uses the dialect of the people in King Arthur 's time , and sometimes it can get very confusing . I skipped over several paragraphs just because I could n't make any sense of it . As long as Twain is n't using the dialect of that time the story line is very good . I found it annoying how Twain over played the stupidity of people of King Arthur 's time .
 A Connecticut Yankee Takes A blast from the past . Yea right ! this book is extremely long and rarely has any action to keep you awake if I were a book rater I would give this book a two out of ten thumps up . this story takes place in the 6th century and the only good part was when they were going to burn Hank Morgan and to top it off they did n't even burn him because brought his knowledge from current time and fooled King Author by saying if they do n't let him go he will shut down the moon but it was acuity a solar eclipse so the moon slowly faded away so they let him free . Honestly I think this book is not for kids our age it 's more for adults . Because I could n't even stay focus it was so boring I started reading other books . This book may be for determined readers but you better keep a cup of coffee near by full because you might fall asleep .
 Blast from the Past or Blast of Nothing?The story A Connecticut Yankee in King Authors Court by Mark Twain takes place in the 6th century in King Authors court . Hank Morgan , the main character , gets cracked on the head with a crowbar while working in his colt-factory in Hartford , Connecticut . He gets put back in time and into King Authors Court were he has to figure out how to get out of being hung by the king for being an outsider.This adventures tale introduces how to never give up and make the best out of a bad situation . Although sounding interesting , parts of the novel are written in old English , therefore recommended from high school up . Personally , the book was n't the best I had ever read . For a young reader , the book is hard to keep on track when reading the lengthful pages.Sounding interesting , Hank Morgan , the boss , struggles to go through 6th century life . Sounding like you 'll get a blast from the past , I myself only give this book two stars . Although many very strong readers may like the novel , many people may get lost in the book by falling asleep on the pages .
 This book A CONNECITICUT YANKEE AT KING ARTHUR 'S COURT by Mark Twain is very boaring . It starts out with a fictional character in King Arthur 's kingdom . It then creats a labyrinth of problems that the character solves using the technology of his time . It ends triumphantly with Hank -LRB- the main character -RRB- winning a huge battle for control of England . Although the book had moments where the suspension could be felt by the reader most of the time the descriptions and characters feelings filled the pages with unnecessary narritive . Because of this the racy plot with many intresting characteristics ends up taking a long time and being slowed down by the thoughts of the characters . Although this book is considered a classic its writing could be compared to the writing of Charles Dickens . The plot of the book is well written and thought out but , in an attempt to make the book seem more realistic both authors throw in space-fillers . Also as in GREAT EXPECTATIONS Mark Twain creates a connection between all characters that happens only within a few pages.Because of all the connections in the book the plot can become hard to follow and in order to fully understand the book it is better to glance over what you have just read . The plot at times is to amazing for any reader to believe , the author gives the main character the ability to make all inventions from his time and , at a glance creat new ones . He makes the character follow a heroes journey of sorts , where he must face entire leigons of soliders but wins by flipping a swich or shooting a gun . In a way , however , it is intresting to see how todays knowledge can be used in the past for conquest and for peace . The story the book gives made me think of what would happen if someone actually did go back in time . Because each new chapter in the book introduces a new character or a new problem it makes the reader carefully follow the plot . This creates the need to read every sentence and that is very demanding on the reader.I did not enjoy the book . It was too much to read for such a limited plot and the ideas were repititive . Because of all the different aspects of the book it was barely possible to keep on reading it . Overall I would not reccomend this book as a quick or fun read .
 Not because it 's not worth it ; quite the opposite
 Im sorry but if you were expecting a thrilling conclusion to Yearwood and Undersea , Winterking is not it . Basically , Hazel abandons the celtic/fantastic genre for some modern story about some people in a house arguing about an inheritance . If there is subtle meaning to it , I didnt get it . Its almost like comparing Queen of the Damned to Interview with a Vampire and the Vampire Lestat -LRB- although this is much much worse -- not even related -RRB- . Anyway , I could not even bring myself to go beyond page 10 . Truly sad since I thought Yearwood was great and Undersea decent .
 I 've lived with these poems , in the original French , for forty years ; when Howard 's English translation came out twenty years ago , I read it through , but never felt that it was even worth reviewing . It does n't rhyme , it does n't scan , it changes the meaning of the original . Yecch , to put it bluntly.The whole idea behind Baudelaire 's verse is that it is exquisitely classical metre and rhyme , but contains feelings and images that are so advanced that we have n't really caught up with them , even 100 years later . It 's the contrast between strictness of form and wildness of content that makes Baudelaire 's poetry so incredible.Enter Howard . His versification is so vague and unfocused , and his words and meaning so far from the original , that I ca n't recognize Baudelaire at all in this book . It 's more like a riff or a sampling of the real thing , and just does n't work - for me - either as poetry or as translation . I guess you could say that I 'm deaf to Howard 's music . Even if that is true , I 'd stake my reputation that Howard is deaf to Baudelaire 's music .
 I 'd get this book for the quality of the paper and type -LRB- at least that of the version I bought back in the early 90s -RRB- and the great presentation of the French originals . People with even a high-school knowledge of French can appreciate Baudelaire 's ideas and musicality . It 's impossible to translate the latter into English , so why even try?The best thing about the ideas in the poems is that they are expressed in very simple language . I would have prefered a similarly simple , immediate English translation without resorting to stuffy `` poetic '' language -LRB- as well as over-interpretation -- many images sneak into the English that are just not there , or only suggested , in the French -RRB- . The only way to really appreciate the intricately constructed meter and rhyme is to read the originals.I know this is probably a matter of taste in translation , but reading the English translations in this volume really brings me down sometimes !
 notwithstanding the number of reviews offering glowing praise -LRB- and this book has some merits worthy of praise
 Text is continuous which makes poems reading very unpleasant.I ordered an other version , against payment , which I now enjoy .
 I have no idea why so many reviewers on this site praise Howard 's translation of Les Fleurs du Mal . Howard makes no attempt to adhere to Baudelaire 's rhyme schemes , which is fine by me . I want the literal sense in a translation of a poem , since there 's no way to preserve the sonic elements in a translation -LRB- despite Howard 's many failings , I think it 's rather uncharitable to charge him with eliminating Baudelaire 's `` musicality '' -RRB- . However , the literal sense of the poems is precisely what Howard fails to supply . In almost every line , he alters Baudelaire 's diction , syntax , and imagery to the point where he profoundly disrupts the sense of the originals . To help you forget the fact that you 're reading nineteenth-century poetry , Howard suppresses all but the most obvious Classical and literary allusions and eliminates any Latin tags . This is a fairly venial sin compared to many of his alterations ; in certain cases it almost seems as if he has given us new poems vaguely inspired by Baudelaire 's originals -LRB- a good example is `` The Muse for Hire , '' which absolutely butchers `` La Muse v&eacute;nale '' -RRB- . Anywhere that Baudelaire 's syntax is the slightest bit involved , Howard entirely rewrites the lines with an eye to readability rather than the meaning of the originals . While pretentious readers may claim that Howard is interested in preserving Baudelaire 's aesthetic rather than the literal sense of his poems , this is n't the case either . Baudelaire may not be the most formal poet in French , but he never sounds chatty like Howard . It 's as if Howard is trying to give us Baudelaire reincarnated as a valley girl . The rules governing English syntax are much laxer than those governing French , but that 's no excuse to use Elizabeth Bishop and Robert Lowell as models for how to rearrange the structure of Baudelaire 's sentences . The cold , crystalline lucidity of Baudelaire 's imagery is entirely destroyed -- Howard reworks all of Baudelaire 's figurative language to make it much more conventional and plain , obscuring the images in a fog of the blandest , least specific words he can find in order to avoid sounding overly `` literary . '' Sometimes he breaks several of Baudelaire 's images down into their component parts , which he then recombines into a sort of Frankenstein 's monster that bears little resemblance to the originals that were plundered to create it . Sometimes he simply omits one of Baudelaire 's images for no discernible reason , or substitutes one of his own . In many cases Baudelaire uses words that can be precisely replaced by their English cognates , but Howard invariably picks a word that he thinks sounds good rather than a word that replicates Baudelaire 's own diction . To add insult to injury , despite Howard 's obvious efforts to make Baudelaire palatable to a modern audience , he tones down the sexuality of Baudelaire 's verse wherever he can and defangs some of Baudelaire 's attacks on Christianity . If you want to know what Baudelaire actually says in Les Fleurs du Mal , look elsewhere .
 In some translations , Baudelaire creeps up and stabs you . In this one he just sits and broods , smoking a hookah.Richard Howard reduces Baudelaire to a pleasant middle-voice from which he speaks with only occasional eloquence . The translator here is a poet who is sensitive to the meaning of each poem , but he has n't focused his energy enough on crafting his translations to contribute much that is better than the translations already done.His introduction reveals that he is concerned more with `` articulating a sustained structure '' -LRB- in which he succeeds -RRB- than with giving any poem its `` individual varnish '' -LRB- in which he fails -RRB- . The result , of course , is that few of these poems are brilliantly presented IN THEMSELVES , and we can appreciate this translation only if we read all the poems in sequence , thinking about their relationships.Translation of Baudelaire demands a focus on every word , every line , every cadence . This translation has an agenda ; it tries to capture only a fraction of the poet.Most of these translations do not rhyme ; and yet they are not literal translations either . The popularity of this book is that Howard makes everything sound plain and sensible . It is only when you look at the French that you realize how uncanny the original poems are . This book does not convey Baudelaire 's lyric intensity , mainly because it abandons the music of the original . Howard is so bent on making everything plain English that he utterly misses the thundering rhythms of a poem like `` Le Vampire '' . He translates `` Toi qui , comme un coup de couteau / Dans mon coeur plaintif es entree '' as `` Sudden as a knife you thrust / Into my sorry heart . '' Bleh ! What a lazy translation ! Of course you CAN translate it that way , but it destroys the music of the poem , which severely weakens the reading of Baudelaire.N.B . It 's awkward to review a whole book of translations , since certain attempts will obviously be more successful than others . Howard is quite sensitive to the poetry of the original -LRB- he never misinterprets -RRB- and certain lines in these translations are indeed wonderful moments of poetic understanding
 Nice to have a bi-lingual edition , but the translation lacks Baudelaire 's musicality , which is too bad ; because I mostly enjoy reading these out loud.I have found better translations online . There must be a better translation in print .
 Richard Howard succeeds in fashioning a translation for mass consumption in the ` Baudelaire market ' that reads fast
 The meals in this book are in deed inexpensive but they are very basic and somewhat bland . We 've tried at least half the recipes . The recipes are also not diet conscience . Most of the recipes are pretty high in carbs , fat and salt and thus this book was given away . If you are a pretty heavily active , thin family who is pretty much steak and potatoes then you 'd love this book . However , if you like variety , new and exciting things to try , this book will leave you hungry for something else .
 I am a fan of Jonni McCoy 's other two books - `` Frugal Families '' and `` Miserly Moms '' , so I purchased her book `` Miserly Meals '' . I have to say that we have tried a week 's worth of meals -LRB- including lunches -RRB- and we are sorely disappointed . These may be inexpensive and healthy , but they are not all that tasty . Some do n't even work right . Last night , I made Mock Pizza in the slow cooker and it called for uncooked egg noodles . There apparently was n't enough liquid in the recipe because the bottom noodles were cooked , but the top ones were still crunchy . I kept adding liquid , but then it was plain old mush . Yuck . Several other recipes are bland and boring.I did like the meatball recipe , however , and even tripled it for my freezer . Some of the other basic recipes were also good , such as the taco sauce and spaghetti sauce . But we were very disappointed in many of the meals.One other concern I had was that the yield of the recipes were not consistent . Some served four , some six , some eight . I would have appreciated a little more consistency there . We have a family of six , though , and even recipes that said they served six were n't enough for us.I did like the kitchen tips and the nutritional breakdown of each meal . I wish the index was a little more comprehensive so that I could find a recipe when I wanted to use tomatoes , for example.Overall , we were simply disappointed .
 I was not satisfied with this book . I agree with the other reviewers who pointed out that it is very basic - I think it might be helpful to someone who does n't have much cooking experience , but if you do it wo n't help you much . I doubt I will make anything from this book , and I have to say nothing really sounded that great . One of my main problems with this book it that every chicken recipe called for boneless , skinless breasts - how un-frugal can you get ?? That is absolutly the most expensive way to buy chicken , and do n't tell me it is the only healthy option - it wo n't kill your family to eat chicken legs once it a while . Give me a break ! If you are new to both cooking and frugality , you might get something out of it , but otherwise , take my word for it - you already know everything the author has to say .
 I found very little original recipes in this book , if any . Recipes could be found online for free from most any recipe site . the recipe for SUN TEA is actually included ! Most chicken recipes include boneless skinless chicken breasts . 12 days of turkey page is no help at all ... mostly substitutions for the mayo on a sandwich.This book could have been much better . A frugal person would never spend money on this book because most of the info could be found elsewhere , or a frugal person would know how to make sun tea without the book.chicken nugget recipe can be found in The Freezer Cooking Manual from 30 Day Gourmet
 Not enough new info in book to make it worth buying . If you can make tea , you already know one recipe in this book ! Recipes not really very frugal .
 I was intrigued at first by the four person viewpoint similar to the Japanese classic Rashomon . Although I finished it , the story began to lose me -LRB- I 'll try and do this without giving anything away -RRB- when Beatrice responds as she does to Warrren . Nothing given to us about his character up to that point would seem to cause her doubts . Not to mention that what finally happens between them seems to evolve not out of the normal flow of their lives but more in the way of an author 's attempt to write a potential movie . It had so many possibilities in the beginning but dwindled , at least for me , to hokey contrivances .
 I usally like all Jack London books but martin Eden was so boring I could n't read it . It was a waste of money .
 Please , do yourself a service and DO NOT buy this publication of Martin Eden . There are no quotation marks , no apostrophes , and double spaces after periods , and other weird punctuation errors .
 Three chapters on doing laundry . 30 chapters on trying to get a story published . Stupid ending . Not worth the while .
 this book has it good points but it is someting one should not spend too much time looking into . this book has the most general plot that that you can get out of hundreads of other books . it is the good old '' guy wants girl but not good enough then gets better than she is then gets shot down to where he was before she dumps him hegets famous then she wants him for his money he realises this and that he has no friends so he drowns himself . '' asl it seems that every chapter is just a bout her lips , or someting elso about ruth . he describes way too much an it takes 100 pages for anything to really happen . this book sucks i think martin eden should have realized that he was an idiot in the first chapter so that i didnt have to read the whole thing .
 I 'm afraid the performance is neither interesting nor passionate . The story is contrived and incredible . After reading several disappointing books with raving reviews , I 'm getting wary about buying books which are written by relatively new and unknown wirters .
 A middling Donna Leon mystery is better than just about anyone else 's best , but I must say that `` Uniform Justice '' left me quite disappointed . The actual whodunit side of her novels has never been Leon 's strong suit ; instead she excels at creating atmosphere , and her characterizations are marvelous . -LRB- Brunetti and Signorina Elettra are two of my favorite mystery characters ever . -RRB- In `` Uniform Justice , '' however , the mystery is perfunctory at best . We all know that the young Moro did n't kill himself , and by mid-book we pretty much know why -LRB- if not by whom -RRB- he was killed . When we do find out , it 's not that much of a suprise , nor is much done about it . Perhaps this is an aspect of the Leon mysteries that is beginning to wear thin for me
 I bought all the Brunetti books through The Girl of His Dreams at one time -LRB- having just discovered the novels -RRB- and from Uniform Justice on , they get progressively worse . Leon has become wildly anti-American to the point of absurdity , pulling out every sterotype imaginable . Plus she focuses on the environment to the extent of forgetting what sort of book she is writing . Once , for a theme , is fine ; time after time is just distracting . But most of all , from this novel on , she forgets that books must have an ending . From Uniform Justice through the next six books I read , she has no sense of justice and the books essentially end with the rich and powerful literally getting away with murder . Once , like in Uniform Justice , okay , but enough is enough . No matter how much Brunetti is a compelling character , his wife has turned into a nutter and the books are depressing . Read the series through Wilful Behavior , then stop .
 This is the third and last of her books I will read . The other two were not all that intriguing and the endings were disappointing . At the end the question in you mind was
 I 've happily read all the Donna Leon mysteries , and enjoyed them from the beginning , although less and less lately . I recognize the author 's right , to a point , to push her views through her characters , but the books have become so `` anti- '' that I have trouble enjoying them . Death of Faith was little more than a bitter anti-Catholic rant . And Uniform Justice does the same for the military , painting all military members of all countries as ultra conservative , brainless , immoral , borderline -LRB- or worse -RRB- facists . The many anti-American and anti-tourist comments -LRB- a true but over used cliche -RRB- are also harder and harder to get past pleasantly.The series has degenerated into little more than bitter ranting , and left character development and intricate plot twists behind . Donna Leon seems to have had five or six good stories to tell , and is now just filling paper and lining her pockets with her reputation.I 'll miss these books , the first five or six were so pleasant , witty , and fun .
 I was rather disappointed by this book . The mystery starts off as rather interesting , but one sees the solution quite early on . What gets very tiresome is the continuous political preaching . Ms Leon is entitled to her opinions , and I do not mind their being mentioned occasionally under the guise of a character 's beliefs . But this was really too much
 I have listened to many of the Comissario Brunetti mysteries on audiobook ; I have n't read any in print . It was a distinct pleasure to listen to the narration by Anna Fields , who unfortunately passed away at a young age in 2006 . Subsequent stories are being read by David Colacci , who is a fine reader , but has ruined these stories for me . Of course he ca n't read ` the same ' as Anna Fields , but whoever 's producing these new audiobooks should have at least told him not to drastically alter the characters . For instance
 This is the first book by Donna Leon I ever read . I feel involved with the subject for a few reasons
 This book was so disappointing . Leon writes fairly well but she yearns to write a political commentary more then a murder mystery . In her anti-american/anti-military bias she makes her chararcters look ignorant and provencial . Look elsewhere for a compelling mystery .
 I have bought this book especially for the quantitative section , because its verbal section did n't seem very helpful -LRB- a five page word list for the GRE is ridiculous -RRB- . The math review contained so many errors , some of which are downright misleading , for example the book gives a very inaccurate definition of prime numbers and does even more - it states several times that 1 is a prime number . Trust me , it is not ! But if you did n't know that , you would probably miss most questions involving prime numbers . So if you like loosing points because your prep book was full of errors , go ahead and buy this book , nobody will stop you.Besides that , the practice exercises , and again I 'm referring to the quantitative section , are too easy and do n't reflect the level of the real GRE with regard to difficulty and timing.Finally , the CD-ROM contains about the same information as in the book , so do n't expect too much of it.If you are serious about studying for the GRE I would recommend that you use Barron 's `` How to Prepare for the GRE test '' which is terrific , and of course you want to practice on official tests published by ETS .
 I 've been spending the past few weeks studying for the GRE . I 've read the majority of the books out there that tell how to study for the exam . And I 've found that the Arco book is not very good . While it may have numerous practice problems , it does not contain very much information about how to solve the problems . For example , when it comes to antonyms , the book suggests that if you do n't know the meaning of a word , click -LRB- C -RRB- and move on . I advise reading the Kaplan book . It was by far the most informative of the lot .
 This is not a study guide by any stretch of the imagination . Go through the practice exams and discard . CD-ROM is a nice addition .
 Wrox books are always a disappointment . This book does not include any decent example . On top of that does not include any source code . The author say 's you can download the source from wrox website but its not there . Do not buy this book or any wrox book .
 After reading this book I was left with much dissappointment with Brown 's description of `` sober living . '' This books places a lot of emphasis on the negative and only briefly touches how truly wonderful living sober can be . Most information is slanted towards how difficult sobriety can be , and almost had me wondering why I did n't have many of the feelings and experiences she writes about . While there are twist and turns in sobriety , not all are negative . I would not recommend this book to a newly sober person as I feel it could perhaps have them questioning their own sobriety or worse , relapse .
 I was very disappointed after browsing through a few chapters . For example the 2nd chapter , `` Ladies or tigers ? '' , is just way too easy and not much creativity is involved at all . Many puzzles are just some old junk . It 's no fun to solve things like those .
 While this is a very high quality edition of the story of Pinocchio , I decided to return the book . Why ? Because chapter 15 is entitled `` Pinocchio is hanged '' and includes an illustration of Pinocchio hanging by his neck from a tree with his hands tied behind his back . Although this may be true to the story of Pinocchio , I did n't feel that a book containing an illustration such as this is suitable for young children .
 Amazon ! Particularly with children 's books and translated books , editions matter ! In this case , the reviews are about very different editions . In particular , I recommend Roberto Innocenti 's amazing illustrated version , but it may be hard to find . But steer clear of the Dover Classic edition , which is the one pictured above -- this is not the full text .
 This book is so weird , and in a creepy way . The illustrations are creepy , the story is strange and best I can describe it is `` artsy '' . It actually perturbs me just hearing it when my wife reads it to my son . It 's the only book I 've asked as a favor for her to not read around me . But she liked it growing up , and my son does n't mind it -LRB- although he does n't like it -RRB- , so obviously many will differ with me .
 Adult literary techniques do not always translate well to children 's books . Although there is some interesting insight into the lives of children that shows through this book , the writing is forced . Having not read the other Rootabaga Stories , I ca n't say if Sandburg wrote everything this way , but this particular story is probably one of the most annoying books I 've read to my child . The awkward illustrations did n't help either.Having said that , a book is a book and everybody enjoys different kinds of books . I would simply recommend checking it out at the library before you buy it .
 Well , you ever notice how you watch Dracula and Return of Dracula , and it 's the same ? Then you rent Son of Dracula and it 's a little different , then you get Dracula 1975 and you ca n't understand how it fits the series?Welcom to the equivalent . The first two Dark Hunter novels were very identical but good . The third was wildly different and imaginative.The fourth is a mess.Sure , we have yummy Wulf who no one can remember but his only living much beleagured kinsman/squire . But who 's his heroine ? She 's an Appollite Princess hunted by Spathi warriors to bring about ... well that Ms. Kenyon never quite makes clear.Cassandra makes you want to weep for the Appollites . She 's almost to her dying day and she screams in her mind how she wants to live . Your heart aches for her.The feelings between Cass and Wulf are nonexistent . They have hot , hot HOT sex in their mutual dreams , but in person the sexual chemistry is so that you half expect him to adopt her.They must run from the most fearsome Spathi warrior and his son and so they escape to an Appollite town underground . Here 's where it gets bizarre . Cass 's sister is alive and a Daimon . And the big bad Spathi 's son Urian is her Daimon lover.Kenyon makes you really feel for the Appollities and the Daimons . So at the end you 're wondering `` how can I read more Dark Hunter novels now ? I like the Appollites ! `` Add to that an ending that makes you roll your eyes , and well , this seems like a half hearted effort . Ms. Kenyon could you PLEASE stop giving us Dark Hunter 's who A
 As a new reader to this series , I have enjoyed the series thus far . Then I get to this book . Not available on the Kindle !?! I refuse to read the rest of the series out of order . Guess Ill just have to wait to finish the series when this book is available on Kindle . Hurry up Amazon and SK !
 I had read `` Fantasy Lover '' and `` Night Pleasures '' and loved both of them so much that I decided to try `` Kiss of the Night '' this time . While all of Kenyon 's books are a bit absurd dealing with devastatingly handsome , yet troubled men who amazingly ca n't find anyone to love them except rather plain average women ... . they were still hot smoldering romances with a fun plot thrown in for good measure . When I read the premise behind `` kiss of the night '' I thought that it would be a bit more of them same perhaps . Not so . Kenyon really got caught up in her world with this one and while I found some of the new information about Apollites and Daimons interesting , I also found the romance in the book suffering because of it . There were just too many lenghty gaps between Wulf and Cassandra 's meetings that were filled with tedious information . I am also not into vampires per se . I enjoyed Buffy the Vampire Slayer but am not someone that finds bloodsucking erotic or sexy . I find it disgusting and was disappointed that there was so much of it in this book . While `` Night Pleasures '' had been about Daimons and Dark Hunters it never had descriptive scenes of bloodsucking . When the main characters finally resort to it in this book , I thought that I was going to be sick . Rather than a fun , humourous story filled with smartmouthed characters and moments that touch you . This book took itself way too seriously for my taste and quenched any heat or romance that I had received from previous books . This is not going to be a keeper for me .
 At this point I am undecided about this whole series . Once I get over the poor writing style , the overused cliches and simpleton dialogue , I can usually get through her books . Usually her ideas are phenomenal , but the execution tends to be mediocre . It is so frustrating-think of what a good writer could do with these story lines ! This book is no different . The idea is awesome-a Dark Hunter falls in love and impregnates a half Appollite who is destined to die . But once again , the execution of this idea sucks ! And it does n't even make sense half the time . For example , Wulf is squeamish about drinking Cassandra 's blood and initially refuses . Even though it would save her life ! And Cassandra accepts this . Come on , give me a break . Plus the `` out '' that Ash gives them in the end is way too convenient . I will try a couple more books in the series because I did like Night Pleasures and Dance with the Devil , but if they are anything like this I 'm done .
 Kenyon is a real `` hit and miss '' author . I have decided her books fall into 3 categories - `` Buy , '' `` Borrow '' and `` Do n't Bother . '' This books falls between `` Borrow '' and `` Do n't Bother '' book in the Dark Hunter series . The one good thing going for it , is that is gives the other side 's -LRB- Daimons ' / Apollites ' -RRB- point of view.The reason for the 2 stars instead of 1 star rating , is because I just finished reading the first book in the Dream Hunter series which had to be rated 1 star since you can not assign a zero value !
 I have read and re-read all the DH series and totally , absolutely loved them -- until this one . Ugh!SK has gone to so much trouble to set up a wonderful universe -- complete with identifyable rules -- then efficiently broke all her rules in one fell swoop . Dark Hunters ca n't have children -- so the heroine gets pregnant in a dream ???? So , now you want us to have empathy for the defined antagonist ???? No -- not gon na work.Besides that , I felt there was no actual romance -- just a marriage of convenience because she got pregnant . I read these types of books to escape from things like that.Your clever imagination does n't give you license to stretch it so far that you break the universe you 've presented into shreds -- you ca n't do that and expect your audience to follow along.Please SK Please -- you have too much talent -- and a delightful imagination . Do n't let them push you into writing so fast that your readers do n't get what they expect when they pay for it . We do n't want filler books -- we want your best every time .
 I 've read -LRB- I believe -RRB- all of Kenyon 's works up to this point . Her last novel , Dance With the Devil , I particularly enjoyed . That said , I would n't recommend this book to anyone . The only reason I 'm giving it one star is because Amazon wo n't let you give it zero.One thing you have to give Kenyon credit for , she has a mythology . Most of the time it 's interesting , but this particular novel is crushed by the dead weight of the universe she has created . I swear , you need a flow chart to be able to keep up with all the different gods , goddesses , Apollites , Dark-Hunters , Daimons and the twenty-five different sub-sects to each . Not to mention , she goes to all the trouble of creating these various caste systems and then does n't use them ! The heroes of her last two novels were both ostensibly Dark-Hunters , but not really ... When you already have twenty different confirmed castes , races , species , ca n't you just pick one and use it ? Why go to all the trouble of creating this overly tedious universe and then not use it ? Not to mention her particular end around in this novel that she used to get Wulf out of his Dark-Hunter vow left me completely confused.The interaction of the two main characters in this novel ... aside from all the mythology BS she uses . . was okay . It was n't great and I think she 's done far better in other novels . Her attempts to make Wulf deep did n't work . Mostly she just made him a contradiction in terms , and not in an interesting way . Cassandra was largely forgettable . The idea that a young mother who is desperate to stay with her child and an immortal hunter who has finally found love and a family are going to allow this to be undone because they 're freaked out by the idea of drinking blood ? Ugh . What a lame plot device . And then for them to succeed , only to be undone by the gods , and then undone again by another mystical intervention ... it gets old very , very quickly.I have no problem with a story that twists and turns , but Kenyon does n't know how to execute it . It 's annoying enough in books like LKH 's Anita Blake series to have a Scooby Doo ending . But at least there , it 's first person narration and you can sort of buy that the heroine was shocked . But Kenyon uses a third person omniscient POV , so her twists and turns are particularly difficult to swallow and her explanation for them later leave me feeling like I 'm being treated like a moron . And a final niggling problem I have with this series is her continual use of pop culture references . Yes , I like the modern feel of the novels , but she 's intentionally giving herself a shelf-life of about two years . I just do n't get it.In conclusion , Kenyon has a lot of potential . It 's just not utilized in this book . Skip it .
 Were it not for the trademark writing `` style '' -LRB- i.e. overused cliches , flat characters , boring dialogue , filler chapters -RRB- I would have suspected that this novel was written by someone other then Kenyon - someone unfamiliar with the previous works . This book takes all the previous rules developed in the first four novels and basically throws them out the window . The reader is left feeling dizzy after this ride.Each time that I almost became interested , some weird twist in `` plot '' or dialogue would occur that would quite literally have me laughing at the absurdity of it all.How a woman could be ravaged -LRB- albeit in her sleep -RRB- and still have no idea of it in the morning is beyond my comprehension . Is she that ignorant of her own body ? Oh , perhaps the idea that the gods cleaned her up before she awoke was implied ... The idea that Wulf suddenly falls in love with Cassandra BECAUSE she is carrying his baby plays like an after-school special . `` Boy falls in love with girl from wrong side of the tracks . They get pregnant -LRB- with the baby that will save the world -RRB- , get married , and despite all odds live happily ever after . `` The addition of dozens of characters and castes is convoluted . It muddies the story , competes with readers ' interest of the hero and heroine , and -LRB- at least in these books -RRB- adds nothing to the plot . If SK insists on having all these non-entities , she ought to at least provide a flow-chart of characters and how/why they are related . Perhaps the information is there , but the story is wrought with cliches , campy dialogue and flat characters that I find my mind drifting off topic quite often.As my title suggests , this novel is a painful read , but I keep trying to find something redeemable in SK 's writing . I am mystified at the over-rating of her books.Again , sadly a very poor attempt at an otherwise interesting idea .
 I have to say this was the weakest dark hunter novel to date . Storyline way to conjested and complicated . Sometimes I had a hard time rembering the hero and heroines names so many new characters were introduced in this novel . And whats so bad about it is that all the external characters were more entertaining than the hero and heroine . The Phoebe/Urian romance was hotter than the main characters . Will chalk this one up to everyone has a bad moment , and its easy to do since all her other work was so great . I will just focus on next time and hope for better days .
 The first two books were great . The rest are severly over hyped . Each book seems like its only purpose is to set you up to buy the next one . You expect super bad heroes but they are all crying babies . The heroines are awful too . Please stop the train and try something else .
 Whew . I 'm not sure why I keep buying Sherrilyn Kenyon 's books . I feel kind of like a sucker after this one , and even though I am particularly interested in a couple of characters in the series and would like to know how their stories turn out , I do n't know how many more of these things I 'm going to buy . Maybe I 'll compromise and buy them used instead of new.Anyway ... The main love story in this book fell flat , and any real conflict between them was , for all intents and purposes , resolved way too early . -LRB- ... -RRB- For the first three books , the Dark Hunter world was knit together fairly well , but with this book , I think it 's starting to unravel around the edges . The next books need to tie up some of the apparent inconsistencies in the world instead of bringing in more mysterious events and secondary characters . I mean , just how many people still running around in the present time were born on Acheron 's birthday , anyway ? And why is n't Apollo a little more concerned about his last descendant 's death ? Come to think of it , if Cassandra 's death means Apollo 's death and therefore the end of the whole world , why are n't whole pantheons of gods protecting her?Peeves , in no particular order : - The author 's habit of advertising her other pseudonym 's books and her web site . She does it in almost every one of her SK books , and I find this incredibly cheesy . - Simi . She is tolerable only in extremely small doses . - Black clothing , black leather , blah , blah , blah . I find myself thinking longingly of Valerius ' story , since it sounds like his wardrobe is a bit more varied . I hope he does n't turn into a leather addict by the time his book comes out .
 I felt this 5th book in the series that the author ran out of steam . It was extremely rushed and forced . I thought mortal enemies coming together would be more exciting . This stretched the impossible a little too far for me . I felt the 2 characters connected too soon and for no good reason . Too much discussion of the history of their race and not about their romance .
 I 've read most of this book and the more I 've read the more bizarre it is . Noble claims that hypertension , anemia , and gestational diabetes are natural aspects of pregnancy that can be harmful if treated . She says bedrest is actually harmful , that ultrasounds increase fetal mortality and left-handedness -LRB- ??? -RRB- and a host of other claims . She implies that those carrying multiples many years ago gave birth to healthy 7-lb each infants with none of the problems that some of us having multiples face today . She is an advocate for veganism , water births , home births , doulas and midwives and avoiding pain meds . Though my twins are big and healthy I certainly did n't take the advice in this book.This is not medically sound advice nor is it objective or open-minded . It is a book of extreme views .
 Having already had one child , I am aware of what childbirth entails , and the associated risks . When I bought this book , I was hoping to have more of a comparative narration of the differences that I would go through with a twin pregnancy . I find that the so called advise that this author gives is not clear , is not helpful , and above all puts a fear on the mother , above and beyond the recognition of risk . The excerpts that are included in the margins are extremely negative , and irrelevent to the reader . Almost every time a doctor is mentioned , the person describes how the doctor did n't / would n't believe them , or that the Dr. did not take anything the patient said seriously . Along with that the exerpts generally describe the doctor as being incompetent in his/her diagnosis . The information that is included in these exerpts is irrelevent to carrying twins - nurses yelling at you because you 're not pushing correctly , or experiences at the doctors office that resulted in the patient being ignored . This information has more to do with the assertiveness of the patient than it does of carrying twins and I found it to be very discouraging . The incessant focus on the loss of one twin is also extremely disturbing . While the occurance can happen , I desperately searched in the book for a positive majority of successful twin births , and this book did nothing to assuage my fears that had been instilled right from the beginning . The authors descriptions of the irreperable damage that having twins will do to your body , does not allow for any alternative methods to avoid such things . Vericose veins , and stretch marks , and incontinence apparently are a guarantee with twins , as is the extra fold of skin that will never go away . Nothing I read in this book gave me anykind of positive outlook for carrying , delivering , or caring for twins . I do not recommend this book to anyone who is expecting twins .
 This book had me convinced that amy twins would have some type of birth defect , or that something would go wrong with my pregnancy , labor , or delivery . I read this when I was on bedrest , and finally had to remove it from my room because it scared me too much . The author seemed only to concentrate on what could go wrong with a twin pregnancy . I would recommend the only other twin book I read - `` Keys to Parenting Twins . '' It 's much more positive ! By the way , my twins were born completely healthy & normal at 36 weeks .
 Noble 's book is best summarized as `` frightening '' and `` far out . '' Her thoughts on twinship experiences in utero sound like something out of the X-Files ; her warnings against the evils of consuming dairy products and foods containing preservatives are pure paranoia ; and the gorey details of multiple pregnancy hazards are nothing short of terrifying . In fact , the positive aspects of having twins are completely ignored . The only redeeming quality of this book would be the last 3-4 chapters dealing with prematurity and dealing with loss . However , this same content can be found in many other less frightening and definitely more positive books , such as `` Twins ! '' by Agnew , Klein and Ganon .
 This was the first book that I bought when I found out that I was expecting twins and I found it to be outdated and full of a lot of biased information . The author has her own thoughts about what type of diet you should eat and advocates natural childbirth but does n't provide a very comprehensive point of view to assist those that may not want to experience childbirth the way that she has . If you share her views then this book will be very helpful to you.I also tried contacting a lot of resources at the back of the book and found most of the numbers to be disconnected .
 While this book did n't scare me , I found it laughable and largely useless for the majority of twin-carrying women who like and trust their obgyns , believe that pain is generally to be avoided , and are actually comforted by the fact that institutions such as hospitals exist . Also , I found the book highly offensive in that it strongly suggested that miscarriage in twin pregnancies is caused by a mother 's doubts about carrying twins . Gee , what a wonderful guilt trip to impose on a grieving mother ...
 I do not recommend this book at all . There is way too much discussion of what can go wrong and too much `` new age '' philosophy that is very strange to me . Elizabeth Noble is under the impression that she had a twin that died in utero and that influences the way she has gone about writing this book . This is very scary reading for any woman pregnant with twins .
 This was the scariest book on twins that I read . If you want to be afraid to eat , sleep or breathe during your entire pregnancy than this is your kind of book . Almost every chapter focuses on a negative aspect of carrying more than one baby and there are more chapters on what can go wrong than what to do to help things go right .
 Having just been told I was expecting twins , I was keen to find a book that could give me the information and reassurance that standard , `` singleton '' pregnancy books could not . But instead of finding useful information and reassurance , I finished this book feeling anxious and alarmed . It focuses far too much on the negative aspects of having twins - loss of one twin , preterm labor , birth complications , vanishing twin syndrome , etc. . It is daunting enough being pregnant with twins without reading a book that reminds me of all the things that can go wrong . In addition , the author offers impractical advice on nutrition and exercise , which in many cases is contrary to advice from the medical profession . Not everyone has the money or the desire to eat seaweed and other `` macrobiotic '' health store food . All in all , I would not recommend this book to any woman expecting twins . It is alarmist and out-of-touch with real pregnant women .
 I was very disappointed overall with this book . In particular , the misinformation perpetuated by this author in the section on diet and nutrition was shocking . The author advocates `` free range '' and `` more natural '' animal products in place of tested , safe chicken and dairy products . As a veterinarian and graduate of The Ohio State University College of Food , Agriculture , and Environmental Sciences , I can testify that the quality of such `` natural '' products is often much lower than their farm-grown counterparts . Furthermore , the agricultural processes decried by this author in fact serve to make our food supply safer than ever before . Certainly this book does not present an `` expert '' opinion , nor does it provide safe and accurate information for the women who need it most . As far as the rest of the information in this book , I found it outdated and , in other cases , inaccurate . The author apparently has never been through a twin pregnancy herself ; she is not particularly sensitive to the emotions of the mothers for whom the book is ostensibly written .
 This book scared me to death when I was pregnant . NONE of the terrible things it described happened to me . I feel it was also very one-sided . I agree the reviewer # 1 , The book made you feel bad ! Like being pregnant with twins was going to be a terrible experince , beware!The book was just so negative ! I threw it in the garbage after I had the babies !
 Never was I so worried and scared in my life than when I read this book . I hope and pray that I will never have to use most of the information , because it only deals with the problems , not the pleasures . And I can not believe the book emphasizes using a midwife for multiples !! I 'm happy with my experienced and knowledgeable physician !!
 I was very disappointed overall with this book . In particular , the misinformation perpetuated by this author in the section on diet and nutrition was shocking . The author advocates `` free range '' and `` more natural '' animal products in place of tested , safe chicken and dairy products . As a veterinarian and graduate of The Ohio State University College of Food , Agriculture , and Environmental Sciences , I can testify that the quality of such `` natural '' products is often much lower than their farm-grown counterparts . Furthermore , the agricultural processes decried by this author in fact serve to make our food supply safer than ever before . Certainly this book does not present an `` expert '' opinion , nor does it provide safe and accurate information for the women who need it most . As far as the rest of the information in this book , I found it outdated and , in other cases , inaccurate . The author apparently has never been through a twin pregnancy herself ; she is not particularly sensitive to the emotions of the mothers for whom the book is ostensibly written .
 There are plenty of other great books on parenting twins & other multiples out there -- do yourself a favor & do n't buy this one ! First of all , it is very technical & difficult/unpleasant to read . Second , it has pictures of women after childbirth with like several feet of hanging extra skin -- not something I needed to see when I was emotional and pregnant with two . It also had the most negative , scary tone . It seemed to tell you all of the things that could go WRONG and very little of what could go right . Let me tell you , from a woman who has been there -- it can go beautifully & without incident -- & not everyone ends up with miles of extra skin on their stomachs . If you buy this book while pregnant , it will only serve to scare the wits out of you . Save yourself the stress and look elsewhere for good information !
 This book was originally written in 1980 and , although a few chapters were added in 1991 , it still reads like the early 80s - a time when a woman really could `` fail '' childbirth ! If you are looking for an excuse to gain 50-60 -LRB- or even 70 ! -RRB- lbs or an excuse to never drink another glass of milk -LRB- according to the author , the idea that milk is good for you is just a myth propagated by the highly government subsidized dairy farmers -RRB- , then this book could be for you . On the other hand , if you 're on bedrest , considering using an epidural or even -LRB- gasp -RRB- a c-section , this book will try to make you feel bad about it.Then there are the chapters about the long term psychological effect of having to share a womb . If you believe , as the author does , that you can remember back to the day you implanted as a little embryo in your mothers womb , then you might think there 's something to this . I just had to laugh.The author cites a lot of conflicting studies about twins and draws whatever conclusions she wants from them . All in all , I did n't get any of the practical advise I was looking for .
 A refreshingly non-bubbly book full of detailed medical and statistical information , but is it all nonsense?The references to astrology are the first tip -LRB- pg 9 , 10 , 36 . -RRB- The inability to distinguish correlation from causality is the next -LRB- castor oil preventing hare lip , pg 183 . -RRB- But the worst is the entire chapter on fetal memories , recovered with the aid of hypnotic or primal therapy . The author remembers knowing about , while still a fetus , not just the death of her sibling , but the death of her theoretical twin , whose existence is unsupported by any other evidence.On top of this are the obvious errors
 I read this book right after I found out that I was having twins . Although I was a little concerned about the financial aspects of having two children , I was very positive about having twins . This book absolutely scared me ! Doom , gloom , and more doom ! After reading it , I thought that I would end up on bedrest early , that my twins would end up in NICU for months , and that all sorts of problems would come up . My husband and I later attended a childbirth class for multiple births and one of the first things that the instructor told us was to NOT read this book . There are so many other books out there that do tell you the risks and the problems , but manage to stay positive . Incidentally , I never was put on bedrest , my girls were born at 36 weeks , they spent one night in NICU and came home with me three days later . Believe me , from talking to other moms of twins and my own experiences , this is much more common than this book would make you believe .
 Quite old and outdated . Had to laugh at some things in this book . Please go with a newer version from this century : - -RRB-
 I read this book while I was pregnant with my twin daughters and found it incredibly depressing and scary . It was filled with morbid quotes from parents who had a bad outcome , along the lines of , `` when not even one of the triplets lived , I went out and got drunk , '' and seemed to dwell on every possible problem and complication to the point that I was quite stressed and anxious when in fact , my twins were born naturally , five days before the predicted due date , had none of the complications this horrible book made me worry about , and were in excellent health . In fact , I so dislike the book that I go out of my way to warn expectant parents of twins to avoid it . In addition , the dietary advice is ridiculous and it 's impossible for even a hearty eater to consume the massive amounts of food this writer claims are necessary to having a healthy baby . So , unless you like being scared , I recommend against buying this book .
 I was looking for a comprehensive , layman terms guide that I can refer to in anticipation of the birth of my twins . This books was n't it . Its seems as if the author forgot her audience , parents that do not have time to completely comprehend each and every detailed paragraph of a page . Extremely busy/expectant/multitasking parents are the norm - they are looking for bite sized data that they can learn from - quickly . Hoping this author takes to heart this feedback and revisits what could be a valuable resource .
 My husband and I found this book to be very antiquated . Since this is my first pregnancy and it 's with twins , I was hoping for information about what to expect and what makes this experience different . While the book has some good information , it 's very negative and spends a great deal of time talking about the risks of a multiple pregnancy and the odds of one dying .
 This book was very disturbing to me -- most notably in its judgmental tone . One very offensive statement
 I bought this book because it seemed to be highly regarded by other parents of multiples . However , I have been disappointed in the overall content . While Elizabeth Noble does a fine job of pointing out that carrying and delivering multiples is often risky -LRB- which I knew -- that 's why I wanted a book ! -RRB- , she inserts a lot of personal bias and commentary into passages that are presumably meant to be factual/informational . Those of us who are not strongly interested in an organic , vegetarian/vegan diet , and those of us who are NOT REMOTELY interested in childbirth without pain meds , might find the tone of the book off-putting . The many cross-references could be valuable resources for the reader , but the references and information do tend to be older . The first edition of the book was published in the early 1980s ; subsequent editing has not addressed Ms. Noble 's reliance on studies from the 1970s . Without more recent information on twin mortality and complications , it is difficult for the reader to determine what is REALLY worrisome or advisable.My biggest concern about this book is its focus on all the things that could go wrong . It 's true that expectant mothers need to be informed , but we also need to be supported and reminded that the vast majority of twin pregnancies result in two perfectly healthy babies . FWIW , * most * resources that I 've seen focus on the scary side -- but the fact that they all do it does n't make it ideal.I plan to buy another , more recent book to get me -LRB- and my babies ! -RRB- through my twin pregnancy .
 Finding out I was pregnant with twins was moving , exciting , shocking and scary . I wanted a book that would help me understand how my pregnancy would be different to a singleton pregnancy , what to expect and some guidelines on how to look after myself . Although the book was informative and I loved the little comments made my mothers of multiples in the borders I did n't feel satisfied . I was more worried than before as the book goes into so much detail about the loss of a twin -LRB- this was the majority of a book -RRB- and premature labor . It started out good explaining the types of multiples and how common they are -LRB- or not -RRB- was interesting but there were very few pictures and I found it to be quite long winded . I must say that although this book was informative I felt more worried and anxious for my twins after reading it than before and was left still not knowing what to expect during my pregnancy .
 I FOUND THIS BOOK INTRESTING BUT I NEEDED TO GO INTO MORE DEPTH . I FOUND THAT EVERYTHING MOVED TO FAST . LIKE THE HERO FALLING FOR THE GIRL . THE CHARAKTORS HAD NO REAL BACKGROUND . I FOUND IT VERY DISAPOINTING .
 There 's something creepy about how this group of self-indulged , narcissistic writers found a way to use a great big crisis for their good -- a great way to get published . Besides just a few entries , most of the stories are not so special , beyond looking at how the attack affected themselves . Beller has always been more of a creature of ambition than true talent -- someone with a voracious appetite for taking the limelight , coming on to the scene , exploiting what can be made out to be `` Hip '' ... even if it 's Sept 11 .
 I arrived at this book when I was doing searches on a refrence to help me use WinInet with Visual Basic . The book is not really a VB book at all . It barely mentions how to accomplish the tasks of their projects in VB . Everything is aimed at C++ .
 I used this book to navigate around the Windows Internet API and managed to put together a decent desk top application in C++ . NET . Great . But the COM examples are so full of errors that they can not be compiled from the source code provided from the publisher . Now I 'm not a super COM programmer but have put together COM applications with some success . However , it seems the author slapped together the COM chapter with little or no thought .
 Dear Reader , I usually enjoy Michael Stackpole books very much . It greatly pains me to write a poor review for one of his books . Quite frankly , however , The Grand Crusade stinks ! At the risk of spoiling the novel I pose this question
 I first started reading Stackpole around the time his fourth X-Wing novel , Bacta War , hit stands and I 've been entranced ever since . He 's been my favorite author for years . I 've gone back and read Talion : Revenant , Once a Hero , A Hero Born , the Battletech novels - anything I could get my hands on . I 've never had reason to look back or to doubt that a Stackpole book would be enjoyable . However , as Stackpole 's books roll out , I find that I keep feeling his talent is regressing . He has grand ideas that fall short of the vision . In short , I felt that the Dark Glory War was his best novel of this series and The Grand Crusade his worst . I felt hardly any affinity for the characters . Crow or Tarant Hawke seemed to lose the virtues that I enjoyed in him . Instead he became a two dimensional character
 I 've never read Michael Stackpole and was pretty happy with the first book in this series . . could n't wait until the second one came out . Of course , the ending was a bit of a shock -LRB- the author 's own notes warn about ill will towards him because of it -RRB- but I still was hoping the story would pick up a bit of speed and resolve itself in the third installment . What did I find ? Ho-Hum ... I had to force myself to finish . Nothing is resolved to any satisfactory measure - the most important character is a lump of clay -LRB- literally -RRB- and the other characters just seem to start fading away . We ca n't always expect a happy ending , but there did n't even seem to be one at all ! A thoroughly disappointing way to spend some hard earned cash . Next time one of his books come out I 'll be sure to see if my local library has it first so I at least do n't bother spending my own money .
 The Grand Crusade is the final chapter in the The Dragoncrown War Cycle . The previous book suffered from some dreadfully dull passages , and I 'm sorry to say the final book has the same problem . Stackpole spends way too much time arranging the pieces for the final conflict , and not enough time making those pieces interesting . The Dragoncrown War Cycle ends up being a series that starts on a high note and then plummets from there.Will Norrington is dead . Will is the man everybody believes was prophesized to be the one who kills Chytrine , the queen of the north and the woman who wants to take over the entire world . Chytrine 's armies are raiding the southern lands and the various provinces are fighting each other politically as much as they 're fighting her . King Scrainwood of Oriosa , a conniving coward , has made an arrangement with Chytrine in order to protect his kingdom and the seat of his power . General Adrogans has beaten Chytrine in the west , but the rulers of the southern kingdoms fear that he will set up an empire for himself . Paralyzed by politics and fear , it looks like Chytrine has an open invitation to take over everything . Only a few heroes are willing to try and stop her , and they manage to get enough support to raise an army . But all is not what it seems . Is Will really alive , able to fulfill the prophecy ? As the southern armies fight for their lives , a new figure may emerge to decide Chytrine 's fate.The Grand Crusade does little to live up to its billing , feeling more like a half-hearted skirmish as far as this reader is concerned . I was hoping for a riveting conclusion that would keep me on the edge of my seat , and I kept waiting for it to happen as Stackpole maneuvered everybody into their proper positions . He places the various leaders at the head of their armies , has the expedition to the northlands put together , and makes sure everything 's set . Unfortunately , this takes up half the book and I had trouble keeping my eyes open.The main problem is that the prose is very wooden , much more so then I remember the previous books being . Most of the characterization and the dialogue felt forced and unreal . Stackpole , both in his dialogue and in his narrative voice , uses a very annoying technique that just started getting on my nerves , especially when it happened in almost every chapter . He starts to list things . `` But he had acquiesced for two reasons . '' Then , he goes on to talk about those two reasons . Stackpole does it . His characters do it . I see Stackpole ticking off his fingers as he 's writing , if that were n't a physical impossibility requiring three hands . It 's a symptom of the entire book , where he 's constantly setting things up , describing everything without actually doing anything.It gets worse as Stackpole sets up the battles . Action is one of the things that Stackpole excels at . He can be quite bloody in his descriptions -LRB- and when he gets to the battles in The Grand Crusade , he is still quite graphic , so be warned -RRB- , but everything has a pace and intensity that I just marvel at . He puts the reader down in the middle of the action and you almost find yourself looking behind you to make sure somebody 's not coming up to you with a sword ready to skewer you . It 's quite effective , and the book has a lot of energy when he writes the combat scenes . However , every time it looks like the battles are about to start , Stackpole starts setting them up again . He shows us countless strategy sessions between the generals , and he has those same generals brood on those strategies some more before finally executing them -LRB- many times listing the various things that could go wrong -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong . I 'm not an action junkie , needing the blood and guts to make a book good . However , the non-combat part of the book has to be interesting , or give me the battles ! I found that I barely cared about any of the characters , including characters who I had cared about in the previous books . On the positive side , I did n't find any of the characters annoying , which is a step up for a couple of them -LRB- Kerrigan and Isaura -RRB- . Ultimately , I found that the battles were the only interesting things in the book , and I found myself getting annoyed when each battle would end and more strategizing happened.While the battles themselves were wonderfully done , I found that the results of them too often had convenient resolutions , as somebody comes in and saves the day . One battle has General Adrogans come from very far away and arrive at the perfect time to do what 's necessary to turn the tide . While he knows that the war is happening there , he has no idea what the exact situation is . He 's just going to help as best he can , and he just happens to get there where he can make the biggest difference . So many of the battles begin with our heroes acknowledging that they are in an almost impossible situation , and that even if they prevail they 're going to lose a lot of soldiers . However , most of the time they do n't have to deal with that because something else happens.Ultimately , if it was n't for the battle scenes , this book would be the bottom of the barrel . As it is , it 's close . I 've seen so much better from Stackpole , and the series started out so wonderfully . I did n't realize that I was already at the top when I started it . If this was n't the final book of the series , there 's no way I would have finished it . Avoid it if at all possible.David Roy
 The Grand Crusade by Michael Stackpole is the final book in the DragonCrown War Cycle . The first book , which is actually a prelude , isThe Dark Glory War -LRB- A Prelude to the DragonCrown War Cycle -RRB- . The first book in the actual trilogy isFortress Draconis -LRB- The DragonCrown War Cycle , Book 1 -RRB- and then is followed byWhen Dragons Rage -LRB- The Dragoncrown War Cycle , Book 2 -RRB- . I stumbled upon this series based on a recommendation by a friend . After reading The Dark Glory War I immediately ordered the rest of the novels . After finishing the previous three books I was looking forward to reading this novel and seeing how things end up.The plot of this book carries over from the previous book . Chytrine is still terrorizing the lands seeking to rule . The Norrington prophecy is still being bandied about . Kerrigan Reese is still adding knowledge to his already impressive magical repertoire . The political element , and political subterfuge is still present . Added to the mix is the possibility of another Norrington not being born yet and how that affects the prophecy as well as a few unexpected surprises . While I expected most of the plot elements that were included in this novel , I was also expecting to be , at least a little , surprised , at some of them as well . However , when all was said and done and I had finished the novel I realized that the disappointment I felt was not because of the writing itself , but rather that the plot became flat . There was nothing new to really grab my interest . In fact , there seemed to be quite a bit of fluff with this book . From reading the previous books , it 's evident that there will be a major war . Yet , the build-up tot hat war and the battles that follow as so long and drawn-out that the battle does n't matter because the book was barely holding my interest any longer . It pains me to say that , because I did enjoy this series up until this book.The characters , what to say about the characters . If you have read the previous books , you know exactly what you will get from the characters in this book . The only character that really has any significant development is Alexia other than that it seemed as though I was re-reading the previous books . Sure , there are returning characters such as , Kerrigan , Sayce , Resolute , Scrainwood , Chytrine etc , but there is nothing really new about them . Furthermore , they do n't really feel as though they are contributing to the story too much . Rather they feel as though they are being dragged around by the story . There are a few instances that it seems that Mr. Stackpole wanted to develop the characters a little , but it comes off as somewhat contrived and uninteresting . The characters that I had come to really enjoy have become uninteresting and two-dimensional cut outs of what they once were and could have been . Some of the dialogue that the characters say left me slack-jawed wondering not only why they said it , but at times what they meant . Unlike previous books , I felt disconnected with the characters and that is disappointing considering all the time I invested in reading this story.Some criticisms about this novel :1 - The build-up to the climatic ending is so long and drawn-out that when it does get to the battle I simply wanted it to be over so I could know what happened . When the end ` battle ' did arrive it was so anti-climatic that it almost seemed a mockery of the entire story .2 - There are multiple instances in this novel where the editor was obviously asleep . Missing words , repeated words , phrases that make absolutely no sense and bad dialogue . For a book that is the final installment of a trilogy that has spanned well over 2,000 pages to have this type of mediocrity was disappointing and took something away from the magic of the previous books .3 - The characters . The characters that I had grown rather fond of in the previous books suddenly became uninteresting and flat . Their dialogue was severely lacking any type of emotion ; in fact it felt as though they were just going through the motions .4 - The many loose ends and mysteries that had been building up through the previous books were sloppily explained and dealt with . A few of them I was very disappointed in , and a few others I simply could care less about . Regardless , I was disappointed that the ones I did care about were haphazardly tied up and explained.Some things I did enjoy about this novel :1 - The world , as with the previous books , is interesting and detailed perfectly . The layout of the land made sense and the ` rules ' of the world also seemed appropriate .2 - I still like Mr. Stackpole 's descriptions . He toes the fine line between explaining just enough to the reader so the reader can see his vision , but not too much that the reader is only allowed to see one thing and not use their imagination.As a series , I would most likely recommend these books to fantasy fans who are well versed in the genre and can understand the good and the not so good of this trilogy and take it in stride . In the previous novels , Mr. Stackpole has proven he can write interesting and engaging novels however I would call this novel neither of those things . Besides the things I listed above , I am not really sure what ` went wrong ' with this novel , but I can not say I enjoyed it nearly as much as I did the previous books . I was expecting great things from this novel , answering all the questions from the previous books etc. . Sadly it simply did n't deliver what I was hoping for . I would not suggest this book to any except those who have read the first three books and really want to know what happens .
 I enjoyed The Dark Glory War , the prequel to this trilogy , a fair amount . That being said , the story took a steady downhill slide from there.It is pure fanboy fantasy , and at it 's very worse . These heroes have all the personality of mud . The men are all `` humble '' and act completely shocked to find themselves in the roles of heroes . And the women are downright offensive . These strong , proud , independent women , who turn into docile , eager to please slaves when their men look at them . They fall in love with the male protagonists , even though they hardly know them , and the males have few qualities worth falling in love with as it is.The `` heroes '' of the books are always going on in the vein of `` We 're heroes , because ... '' as though they 're trying to reassure the reader that they really are heroic . Unfortunately , their actions are only heroic through use of something known as Deus Ex Machina . Absolutely nothing they attempt ever fails . With the exception of Fortress Draconis and one small scene in When Dragons Rage , no one ever dies because the heroes made bad choices.In fact , no one ever dies . At least , no one important , and the important ones never stay dead . Oh , a building collapsed on your head ? Well , you 're still alive ! Severely poisoned ? Well , not only do you come back to life , but we 've convinently burned off those extra three hundred pounds that make you less attractive to the women!The `` love scenes '' make you wonder if Mr. Stackpole has even seen a woman . Even romance novelists no longer use the old `` their tongues entwined '' crap . It was one of these disgustingly gratuitous scenes that made me shut the third book without even finishing it . The whole trilogy reads as the ultimate fantasy of a guy who could never get a girlfriend . And now he 's suddenly the hero , with a hot blonde warrior woman who turns into a vapid nothing when he 's around.Go read Lynn Flewelling , Carol Berg , or Mercedes Lackey . THEIR characters wo n't spend the whole book insisting that they 're heroes .
 First , I know this review looks too long , but it might help you out . So please , read on.I read a few of the `` chapters '' -LRB- exercise sections -RRB- of this book and found it to be a little too conversational . Sure , we all value a charming and witty instruction book to a dry academic one , but I still think she brings nothing new to this genre of book.It seems like she could easily have gotten all of these ideas from other writing books , seminars and articles , and frankly , most of them are better written than this one . You 've probably encountered most of the ideas put forth in this book , beginning with an intro akin to : `` Oh , we all say we 're going to write , but we never get around to it . Well never , fear , because -LSB- insert generic writing guide book title -RSB- is here to kick your rear in gear ! `` Something like that.There are really so many different types of books , kits , articles , memoirs , classes and manifestos on the subject of writing , exercises , inspiration and so forth . -LRB- Just do a search on Amazon for Writing Instruction or Writing for Publication . -RRB- I really ca n't recommend this book , though.Unfortunately , the author also thinks it 's cute or somehow necessary to write quite a few words in ALLCAPS to add emphatic notice to the concept . Personally , I think that WRITING like THIS every few PAGES looks unprofessional and can be quite IRRITATING . This stylistic flaw alone makes me wonder whether she 's a very credible source . Is font manipulation creative ? Sure , to an extent , but `` all-caps '' serves no purpose , and it 's easy to do and banal.I think that this work misses a point about writing
 This is not what I thought it was , is a book about how to become a writer , or learn how to be writer . I was reading just the first page and I was already bored to death!I returned it .
 While the underlying premise of this book , namely the discovery of a previously unknown Gospel and a Roman parchment confirming the existance of Jesus of Nazareth , holds a lot of potential for a thrilling story , author Irving Wallace largely fails to deliver here . For the first half of the book , we follow public relations specialist Steve Randall as he travels from place to place meeting various members of the publication team producing a new Bible incorporating these new finds . Unfortunatly , the main reason for these meetings seems to be to allow Wallace to provide his lengthy and detailed exposition in the guise of dialog . The first half of the book is tedious and unexciting , and only when Randall begins to find discrepencies in the new documents does the story begin to improve . Unfortunately , there is too little action for too much of the book , and while the second half is better than the beginning , it takes far too long to get to.This story also reflects the culture of the early 1970 's , when it was written . People smoke in hospitals -LRB- ! -RRB- , there is no security in the airports , and the furniture and clothing descriptions clearly reflect the period . The story is also set against the cultural questioning of organized religion that also marked the period , and Wallace seems to be arguing that Christianity needed a breath of fresh air to save it from irrelevance . The underlying themes regarding the nature of faith and its role in life are still worth considering . Perhaps the most important question raised by this book is `` What is the meaning of faith ? ''
 I was lucky enough to find a first edition copy of this book in a local bookstore . I bought it for its date -LRB- 1928 -RRB- and the excellent wood-cut illustrations scattered throughout . Inside was glued a newspaper review placed there by -LRB- I assume -RRB- the first owner -- it was an interesting enough find . Of course I read the book , though solely out of curiosity and the fact that I had forgotten Esther Forbes ' authorship of the lame novel Johnny Tremain . The book read quickly , though seemed more like a novel from the 19th century than one from the Jazz Age . The content was interesting , but neither ` engaging ' nor ` vigorous ' as its newspaper review had led me to believe . On the whole , though I admit my pride regarding the ownership of the unique 1st edition , I do not plan on recommending the book to anyone not extensively studying literature regarding early witchery or the behavioral history of early Salem , Massachusetts inhabitants .
 This book is 50 % old exams -LRB- old , and current exams are available for free on the USPTO website -RRB- and 50 % snippets from the MPEP -LRB- also available for free on the USPTO -RRB- . The snippets are have plenty of errors -LRB- both typos and in content -RRB- , its outdated , and provides almost no useful information.It provides only the highest level of overview that does n't come close to anything that will help you pass the patent bar . If you do n't want to spring for the expensive study aids and think this is a cheap way to get some help , you 're going to be very disappointed . You 're much better off slugging your way through the old exams and MPEP on your own . If you write down the first sentence in every major section of the MPEP , you 've just about wrote this book .
 I was looking for a high-level tool to provide context as I studied for the exam , which I passed . This book did n't provide anything that was n't already available for free elsewhere and represents nothing more than a slipshod attempt to make a fast buck . There is a need for such a book , but this is n't it . I 'd recommend `` Patent It Yourself '' as a supplement to the various professional bar prep materials to get the big picture .
 This book is not worth any money , it provides no useful information . It gives a haphazard , oversimplified short outline of the MPEP . The worse part is that the book goes on to publish two exams -LRB- the majority of the book -RRB- verbatim -LRB- questions and answers -RRB- from the USPTO website -LRB- 1999 exams -RRB- . I am appalled that anyone would insult the intelligence of persons preparing for this exam in this manner .
 This book is just a disaster
 Idiotic book which tries to over simplify the complex rules . More than half of the book reprints the free material from the USPTO website Q&A . A total waste . I bought this book thinking that at the most I will lose -LSB- the money -RSB- . But after reading , I was irritated by the fact how can someone write such a book and sell it . Ridiculous !
 The Patent Bar Exam is a very difficult exam and if one studied the first half of this book and memorized it , there is no way that a person would pass the exam . This book could have given some very useful tips on how to study the 3,000 page MPEP , of which the tester is responsible for knowledge of its context . The second half of the book has copies of exams that can be obtained free on-line . There is a need for a better book .
 This guy basically just stole huge blocks of information from the USPTO website . Do n't waste your money on this ripoff and visit www.uspto.gov instead . Amazon should pull this book off the site as a service to its customers .
 This book is cryptic , outdated and does not provide a basis for understanding the neccessary analysis required for passing the patent examiners exam.There are analyses one must understand and recognized , such as obviousness and anticipation , and the associated tests , as well claim writing etc. , in order to pass the exam . This text fails in these regards , and mainly lists portions of the MPEP and other patent law statutes , in a non-intuitive manner.I purchased two copies of this book ; one for myself and another person . The purchse was was not worth the money nor the time invested in the text .
 This book is not useful at all . This book contains past exam papers that are freely available online . This book underestimates the level of knowledge that is required to appear for the patent bar exam.Watch my YouTube video guide
 If you do n't have a clear picture of what patent laws and rules are , this book will probably get you confused very quickly . A lot of sentences are not well written and a lot of materials are just plainly obsolete . It 's a shame I wasted my money on a book of this quality .
 The reason I am saying this book is a 1 star is because it only has 6 sermons in it ! I thought it had the usual 59 sermons that you find online . But it does n't . The title of the book seemed to mean it contained more than just 6 sermons . It might well be worth 5 stars for some or most people , but I bought this book thinking it contained the majority of his sermons . Again , it does n't . Only 6 . I have not read this book , however I did read the 2 Volume biography on G.W. -LRB- the biography is AWESOME -RRB- . I guess it was my fault for not looking into this book further before purchasing . I would bet what is in this book is good , but it 's just not what I was looking for , nor did it have any `` table of contents '' available online . So , probably a GREAT book for what it is but not what I was thinking it was . Disappointed with only 6 sermons inside .
 I ordered this calendar as a Christmas present for my friend at the beginning of December with a shipping estimate of about the 16th of December , and the 16th of January is approaching and it still apparently has not shipped . In my opinion I should receive 1/12th of it for free since my friend wo n't be able to use the January page ; along with a complimentary Christmas gift for next year . But instead I decided that I would do the world a favor and save them the embarrassment of wrapping and giving an empty box with an IOU note as a gift . You ca n't use an IOU note to keep track of the date . So please do ME a favor and pass on this calendar no matter how attractive you think an actor might be . They 're not very attractive when they 're stealing your hard earned greenbacks , think about that . Oh and by the way I 've also been forced to give this item one star of which it does n't deserve since to my knowledge it may not even exist . Thank You .
 I ALSO ordered this item as a gift way back in Dec. . I patiently waited for the item to ship out ; first I received an e-mail confirmation saying this item is taking longer to get than expected etc etc. . . and they asked would you still want to wait or cancel ... so I said yes , i 'll wait even though it was already the middle of Jan.Then the next day I received another e-mail saying this is item is no longer available ... pretty disappointing = -LRB- the good thing is - at least they did n't charge me
 Yes , this calendar does exist -- back in November '05 it was available at the local Barnes & Noble here in Charlottesville , VA. . I looked at it and did n't think the pictures were that great , so I did n't buy it , thinking that if I decided I wanted it I could always get it later . I wish I had bought it then . It 's ridiculous that it 's out of stock and some people are paying $ 40 for it on eBay . In my opinion it 's not worth any more frustration -- it 's not that great .
 Although the content is helpful , this book leaves much to be desired . It had no index and unless you added a bookmark , it was almost impossible to go back and review anything without scanning through the book page by page . I would not recommend this for your Kindle .
 This book , while helpful to a degree , is not about learning conversational Japanese.It is more about the customs and mannerisms that are necessary when conversing in Japanese . Very little in vocabulary and grammar is covered , except only in how it relates to small talk and asking for directions and the like . You could n't actually hold a CONVERSATION with the instruction in this book.If you want a book to help you understand some of the intricacies of Japanese customs -LRB- such as what to say when you 're the first employee leaving for the day , or what grammar article to include if you 're asking an unknown person versus a friend -RRB- , then this book may help.If you 're looking to have more of a long-term understanding of the language , and not intending just a stay of a few days in Japan , then you 'll need something more .
 This book is full of glaring errors , and the testing software is ABSOLUTELY USELESS . Everything in the tests is incorrect . You 're given questions that ask you to `` select the two methods ... '' , but are only allowed to select one answer . In addition , the test data is just plain wrong . The software gives explanations for your supposed wrong answers that have absolutely nothing to do with the questions . Complete waste of money.DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK if you want to learn anything about Sql Server 2000 or want to prepare for the test .
 This book lacks so much crucial information needed to pass the exam . I read the first half which covered 228 and then grabbed the readiness review and was shocked at how little information the All-in-One book covered . I 'm not even going to bother reading the second half for 229 , and am looking for another title before attempting the 228 exam .
 There certainly is a growing market for exam guides ; unfortunately many publishers are repackaging their existing Beginner 's Guides to try to fill the void . This book is an EXCELLENT guide for someone wanting to become a DBA , or to fill the gaps in their own experiential database . The downside is that this book will NOT prepare you for the exams - in fact , it does n't even come close . Cheers for a easy-to-read book , but Jeers for misleading the buyer .
 I thought this was an OK book until I took the SQL Server 2000 certification exams . Total trash ! Luckily , I had also studied Rob Vieira 's book , Professional SQL Server 2000 Programming . Stay away !
 I have gone through this book and the chapters are repeated with the same content and the book is just filled with screen shots . I think this would be useful for a beginner and not for someone who is preparing for a professional exam . Hence , the name should be changed to something like `` SQL Server for Dummies '' . Also , the author just wanted to fill some pages and publish it in the market and I do n't feel he is qualified enough to write a exam book for DBA certification as he himself is not a DBA !
 The book is useless if you want to pass 70-228 and 70-229 . *** The CD is worse than the book . The software is buggy . ***
 Dave Perkovich is not a MSSQL DBA and he does n't have a clue . The book is full of errors . For example
 The content is reasonable . There are a large number of step-by-step processess with screen shots , which I consider filler.The self-test software on the CD is unusable . It has blank questions . There are also multiple-choice questions that should use checkboxes , but use radio buttons , resulting in only being able to choose one answer . If you happen to choose the first right answer , the answer is scored as correct even though you did n't answer the others.I 'd like to get my money back for this book and buy a better one.I hope this review prevents others from falling into the same trap as me.Good luck with your certifications !
 In line with the other reviews , this book does not cover the material with enough depth to pass the exams . The topics are treated superficially and the exam software that comes on the CD is buggy . The review questions and exams in the book are not nearly as hard as the real exams . I passed 229 based on my experience as database designer . I flunked 228 . To be honest , in the foreword the book states that you need to use the SQL books online as well to prepare for the exams . However on the cover it says all in one is all you need , which is definitely not true . Purchasing this book and studying it is a waiste of time and money .
 This book will not prepare you to pass the SQL 200 # 70-228 exam . The questions on that exam are much more detailed -LRB- scenario-based -RRB- than what is offered through the book . You 'll think you 're cruising right along when you score 90 % overall on the practice exams ... only to find that the software is telling you that you scored 15 out of 12 , or 140 % on some section . Additionally , the software will only allow you to select one answer , and will tell you that only one answer is correct , when in fact , there are two correct answers ... I ca n't have any faith in the quality of the book if the exam software is flat out wrong .
 This book is the least informative reference book I have ever purchased . The book will not help you pass the MCDBA exams -LRB- 70-228 and 70-229 -RRB- , nor is it a good reference book for your job . First of all , there are many aspects of T * SQL that are missing . For example , how can one write a book about the Select statement without such basic topics as `` Having '' and `` Group By '' ? Secondly , the information is frequently wrong . Not misinterpreted , but plainly wrong -LRB- i.e. , SQL * Server will reject your syntax -RRB- . Finally , the questions in the `` sample '' tests have NO relationship to the actual exams . I can not think of a book that has provided less true information and more misinformation than this one . If I could rate this book with negative stars , I would do so .
 I wish I had read the other reviews prior to reading this book , because they are right . This book had me thinking I was ready for the exam , when I was actually far from it.To be fair , this is a decent `` Intro to SQL '' , with plenty of hands on exercises . You do need to be able to trouble shoot however , because some of the examples wo n't work as written.I feel I 'm better off having read this book than I was before I read it , but sad to say , I failed the 70-228 exam . And that 's after getting a 98 % on the `` Final Exam '' included with the book.Oh well , I guess I 'll have to find another exam prep book and keep working with SQL . It least it 's good to know the exam is n't a cake-walk , and certifications can still mean something .
 The book itself is full of glaringly inaccurate information -LRB- i.e. it states the master database is copied as a template for new databases ... when it 's actually the model database -RRB- . And the software on the CD is completely useless . The testing software only has 150 questions in it -LRB- 75 for each test , and there is no difference between the `` Practice '' and `` final '' tests -RRB- and contrary to what is stated on the back cover , there is no adaptive testing engine -LRB- I perused the Jet database where the test data is stored -RRB- . Also , the majority of the answers in the test are incorrect , and the explanations given for what they say is the correct answer does not even match the question . Do n't waste your money buying this book ... it is 100 % useless . I even went to the publisher 's web site to complain , and they do n't even list the book on their own website any more . Guess they figured out how bad it is , yet they still keep selling it . I even wrote to them to see if maybe they had updated the bad software ... no response from their `` customer service '' , so I called them and they would not even talk to me about the book because `` we do n't provide support for discontinued titles '' . Yet they keep right on selling this `` discontinued title '' .
 Why did n't I read the reviews before buying it ? Because this is the book that the store had , and I wanted to start studying . Ugh . Yet one more reason to buy books at Amazon : -RRB- Anyway , the book is full of glaring errors , the questions/answers at the end of each chapter are often mismatched , and you learn very little by reading it . You might even be dumber after reading it . As other reviewers have said
 1 . The software DOES NOT WORK . The answers are often obviously wrong , the hints are not correlated to the questions , it appears the various parts of the exam were written by someone who lacked the knowledge to synchronize them -LRB- in a relational database book this is inexcusable -RRB- . The practice tests have a hard time-out , and when you exit the test it locks-up your machine with an invisible pop-up window .2 . The text itself is so unbelievably brief , and so lacking in concrete examples , as to be unusable as either a tutorial or a reference guide . No trace of documentation on any but one feature of DBCC is included ; Query Analyzer docs are woefully brief .3 . This book will help you FAIL the MCDBA exams . Beyond that , as the other reviewers attest , the content is so off the mark that if you buy it , you will wish you had n't .4 . `` No Stars '' is not one of the valid selections . That 's my rating .
 Although I enjoyed the loyalty of the characters , and the comical acts put on by the evil Queen Tsarmania , this book was n't quite my type . It is totally a `` just for fun '' book , as in the fact that you do n't exactly glean a lot from reading it other then some humorous moments . Also , the characters are so plainly black and white , good or bad , making it very fairytale/folktaleish . Although I 'm glad I got a taste of this type of literature by reading this book , I do n't think I 'd read another in the series . Give it a try though !
 This book ... stinks . This book ... is not good . This book ... I 'll stop now . As you probably guessed from the title , I do n't like this book . I never will . It is dull in comparasin to other of Brian 's greats such as Mariel of Redwall , or Redwall for that matter . As one can come to expect , the baddies are helpless jerks . They attck each other in the middle of the knight , and rush out of doors that they know have arrows flying at them . The only half bright bad guy is Bane , a leader of a group of mercinaries . There is a totally needless insertion of a half blind eagle into the book who dies without doing any damage . -LSB- Well , he takes Bane with ` im -RSB- . I fail to see how a giant wildcat can be scared into death by a mouse . This book is as exciting to read as it is to watch paint dry .
 I had read Redwall and enjoyed it greatly . This book was very disappointing . It was so slowly paced I have not read any others in the series despite strong recommendations from friends . I 'll take Tolkien .
 This should say alot
 How to Write a Book Proposal explains how to get a non-fiction book published . It explains various important aspects pertaining to writing effective non-fiction book proposals . The aspects highlighted are how to test-market the potential of a book idea , choosing the best agents and editors and trying to influence publishers to make a good offer.I have read several hundreds of books but somehow with this book failed to impress me . I was in the process of writing my first book , but I could not find this book to be of much practical use to my book writing project . The title of the book to me did not relate to the contents and the flow appeared haphazard . Each chapter in isolation could be readable and make sense but one chapter does not logically lead to the next . I read this book having completed reading another one entitled `` Writing Nonfiction - Turning Thoughts into Books by Dan Poynter '' . The contrast could never be starker . I had hoped that the book would be a natural follow on after reading the delightful little book by Dan Poynter . However , I was very disappointed and the book was a waste of my money .
 This book is too pragmatic . It does n't leave any room for creativity whatsoever . I found it to be rather boring and it may have worked for him , but most agents are not going to dock you for some of the trivial details . If you are trying to submit your work to an agent and publisher for consideration , this book will make you angry and frustrated .
 How to write a book proposal written by michael larsen is one of the most worthless grossly incompetent misleading book titles I and my writing group have read in the last 20 years ! How to write a book proposal is the wrong name for this book . Avoid at all costs !
 I bought five books to help me write a book proposal : `` How to Write a Book Proposal , 3rd edition , '' by Michael Larsen `` 78 Reasons Why Your Book May Never Be Published & 14 Reasons Why It Just Might , '' by Pat Walsh `` The Forest for the Trees , '' by Betsy Lerner `` The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Getting Published , 4th edition , '' by Sheree Bykofsky and Jennifer Basye Sander `` Think Like Your Editor , '' by Susan Rabiner and Alfred FortunadoThe worst was `` How to Write a Book Proposal . '' This book felt like a bad date , like I wanted to wash my hair after reading it . The intent is to teach you to be an `` Authorpreneur -LRB- r -RRB- . '' Yes , Larsen has registered this word . You 'll learn such gems as everyone has 250 friends , and each of them has 250 friends , so you can `` spread the word '' about your book to more than 62,000 people by e-mail . I think there 's a word for that -- spam . Larsen also says to include your promotion plan in the book proposal , including pushing `` the paperback edition as hard as you can '' when it 's published a year after the hardcover edition . I 'm not an agent or editor , but I 'd think that an agent would giggle quietly to themselves if you were so presumptuous as to include a marketing plan for the paperback edition . -LRB- To the author 's credit , he does n't say you should suggest which actor should play the main character in the movie version of your book . -RRB- Then there 's the chapter about including illustrations and cover art . Excuse me , I thought the editor and art director develop the cover art ? I ca n't imagine creating the book cover to include in the proposal . And the author recommends including a `` surprise , '' such as a baby shoe with a note saying `` Now that I have a foot in the door . '' The book has one good piece of advice
 WARNING
 This book was a gift for our son from his grandmother . Had I seen it , I would have never bought it . It has many more words than numbers , although it claims to be a math book . The stories are extremely boring and the problems are not at all creative . If these are supposed to be `` inventive excercises '' , I ca n't imagine how real textbooks are . No wonder so many kids are bad at math.The math problems are not very advanced . My 7 year-old son has no problem with the math , just some of the voacbulary . Although , he is good at math , I think this book is too easy for grades 6-8 .
 This book was a complete waste of time and money . It not only lacks direction , but it appears that Tim Winton was unsuccessful in even figuring out the point of his own story . This was the first book I read of his - and definitely the last . I did n't even manage to get through the book before it was turned into something more useful - such as a recyclable item !
 This is a big waste of money . This is basically just a set of out dated contracts with no explaination of what they are and how on earth to use them . Not to mention they `` MAY '' be legal in California but I doubt they are legal in other states .
 Only 25 contracts , VERY basic with no detail . Looks like somebody made this at home in their spare time . I was not impressed by the `` software '' included either . Did n't feel like any of these contracts were `` professional '' enough . I think I could have copied these out of the back of a Music Business book . The work for hire contract is a waste of time . Should have called a lawyer and put the 50 bucks toward his contract drafting fee .
 Hmmm ... has anyone else noticed that the reviews are all 5 stars , posted within three weeks of each other , and by people with no other reviews ? Sure makes one wonder ...
 This book is a great example of awful journalism . As a seminarian , I know that many men leave for reasons other than the ones they state publicly . And seminaries can make no statement about individual cases , no matter what lies disgruntled ex-seminarians may spread . ` My ' seminary is mentioned in the book as one known for its thriving gay subculture . I 've been here three years and not seen it . There are gay guys here -- many among the most theologically conservative members of the community -- but that is okay by Rome , which matters more to me than whether it 's okay with Michael Rose . I 've yet to be propositioned , and no one I 've met here in three years has complained of any sort of harrassment.What Rose gets entirely wrong is this . Some people who hold traditional/conservative views are dismissed from formation for OTHER reasons . For example , two guys who live around the corner from me claim to hear from the Blessed Mother on a regular basis . She `` tells '' one what color pants and shoes to wear and the other how to decorate his room . Their theology is sound , but I 'm not at all sure they are . If they do n't mature , they 'll be asked to leave -- and rightly so -- and even though they 're conservative , that wo n't be the reason.For the record , ` liberal ' guys are also asked to leave seminaries.Rose is biased and talks only to biased people . It may be true that this country 's Catholic seminaries are turning away ` good men ' but it would be wrong to conclude that on the basis of this book . Again , just because someone is sound theologically , it does n't mean they should be ordained . Think of all the losers who yearn to be cops and soldiers , wash out , and forever after complain that the brass had it in for 'em from the beginning . As the old song says , `` It ai n't necessarily so . ''
 This is a sad , but excellent book documenting how homosexuals have nearly hijacked the Catholic priesthood . They were able to do this in the aftermath of the Second Vatican Council , the greatest disaster in the 2,000 year old history of the Catholic Church.We have Christ 's promise that the gates of hell will not prevail against the Church , but it is sure getting a beating at the hands of its Judas bishops and priests . Michael Rose does a great job of telling this story in his book . I would recommend this book to anyone , especially those Catholics with their heads still in the clouds -LRB- the pay , pray , obey variety , who think the pope and the bishops can do no wrong -RRB- .
 I have experienced the worst and the best of seminaries . The world is not as dark as is portrayed by this book . Yes there are dark spots and something needs to be done . But the book does not strike me as balanced or thorough journalism
 Using the worst of tattletale journalism 's expose tactics , Michael Rose provides a voice for disgruntled seminarians . By documenting their grievances against seminaries from which they 've been refused admission , expelled , dropped out , or quietly endured , Mr. Rose offers their complaints as fact . He neither substantiated them or provided the targeted individuals or organizations opportunity to rebut or respond to the charges!Then , he attempted to associate correlations with causation , using the unscientifically and unvalidated information obtained from these grievances , combined with other statistical data , to support a weak & controversial hypothesis that reduced vocation rates are linked to the problems described by the disgruntled seminarians.While Mr Rose may well have identified issues of concern in seminaries , it is impossible to discern whether the issues he reports are as widespread as he 'd have you believe . Unfortunately , his tabloid approach fails to support his conclusions , and judging from public statements released from schools since the books release , it would appear that schools themselves disagree with Mr. Rose 's portrayals!Such sloppy reporting leaves Mr. Rose 's primary thesis with little credible support , and leaves the Church further wounded , again from the inside.I feel badly this book played into so many people 's phobias and has been so widely accepted . At a time when it really is important to focus on improving seminary education and training for our priests ... this homophobic diatribe only serves to call attention to a minor part of the work the Church must yet do to restore trust !
 I spent 9 years in a monastary in the 60s , and left in 1969 . Since then I have remained a Catholic and have read much on the subject of Church , and Church History , and on the present-day crises . Sorry , but Michael Rose did not hit on the right answer for a lack of vocations . He started with a conclusion and worked backwards . His conclusion is that orthodox -LRB- conservative -RRB- vocations are being turned away , and that the liberal institution is the one turning them away , and he uses some very flimsy criteria to prove it . One only has to look at the dioceses he cites as being low in vocations versus the ones that have higher perentage rates , and one can see that one of the critical variables is urban versus city , instead of orthodox versus liberal . This was just not good journalism . Sorry , the problem goes much deeper than that .
 This is an ideological work rather than a thoughtful one . We need to ask the question `` Why are our best and brightest not going into the priesthood and religious life '' ? Some of the seminaries that are very clerical and afraid of questions raised by the broader Catholic community draw many effeminate and immature candidates . This will just make the current problem worse .
 This author does n't explore the real issue of what the church considers valuable , instead , he stays mired in the same old sacrifical muck . He tries to explain that the liberal years of the 60 's through the 80 's caused much of the church 's decline , but many of us life-long Catholics in the real world have a somewhat different viewpoint . Narrow minded thinking and the belief that only men can run the church , has now caught up with us . But this off-limits subject certainly is n't explored . Now with the harsh light of truth shining on the recent ugliness , perhaps men with power in the church will listen , and perhaps now they 'll start to widen their outdated stance about women taking larger roles . And maybe someone will even have the courage to write a book about it ! If you want to read the same old stuff on Catholicism , only with a dramatic twist , then this is your book .
 This book is terribly flawed . What does Michael Rose want , a return to pre-Vatican II ? The first rule of those studying for the priesthood is to be intelligent , not orthodox . Orthodoxy got us into this situation in which the the majority of Catholic Bishops are `` Yes '' men who have no brains .
 I realized that this book is fiction , however , even tales that are n't true have to have a grain of believability , and this book just did n't have it . Nobody is in that many right places at the right time , with such an abundance of well-informed , clever , useful `` friends . '' The characters were so unrealistic and the book so ridiculous that I could barely finish it . Not to mention there were some serious problems with the author 's timeline -LRB- Who , exactly , in 1987 drank Starbuck 's coffee ? -RRB- . I suggest saving your time , and money , and letting this book pass you by .
 This hardcover edition of Mark Waid 's SUPERMAN
 I 'm not necessarily a traditionalist when it comes to Superman , as I have a great appreciation for other books that add a twist to the Superman story . Lex Luthor
 . . but it 's not , so the current 30 something superman , who has adventures in 4 books a month lives in the current day and time 2005 , but this origin of a young , fresh out of college and new on the job superman also takes place during that time , see the problem?then radical changes are made , he is now less human , more `` perfect '' so much he wo n't eat meat , he has aura vision tells him animals are alive -LRB- i knew that without special vision -RRB- , his father no longer plays a part in his costume , he rejects the idea in fact.for an origin we see little of smallville , in fact we get a two page splash , and then straight to his adventures in Africa with rebels , then to the big city.we see a really badly plot from lex to turn people against him , the bulk of the story is here , with giant robot , hologram kryptioians , and such to scare people into thinking superman is invading , i expect more from luthor than plating a bomb on a bridge and blowing it when superman gets close to make it look like superman did it.also strangely supermans power comes and goes as needed , a web of kryptonite is over the city , superman has no powers . . yet when cornered he has super speed to get away?or how he uses e-mail , ok sure it 's modern , but if your superman , with enemies like lex luthor would you speak of secrets over something like the internet ? you can fly home in seconds if you need to talk.the book has so many problems , and to top it off the art is very poor , people have these wierd splotchs on their faces , lois is ugly.if you are looking for an amazing origin , look no further than man of steel by john byrne , or buy the greatest superman stories ever told and check out some of the many retellings over the years , then when you read this , you will see why it fails .
 The best Superman books were from a 7 year period -LRB- 1986-1993 -RRB- . John Byrne , Marv Wolfman , Dan Jurgens , Roger Stern and a host of creators defined Superman for a generation . SUPERMAN BIRTHRIGHT is a terrible origin and a lackluster story . If you read it , ignore it . Or do n't read it at all .
 This ` book ' is one of the most disgusting examples of WWII concentration camp revisionism . It tries to downplay the number of Jews , Serbs and Gypsies murdered by WWII Croatian Ustasha government at the Jasenovac concentration camp.This is part of the most sickening propaganda produced by the Croatian Information Ministry during the Tudjman years in an attempt to clean up the history of Croatia .
 Forty years ago , I purchased a paperback copy of Screwtape Letters and a copy of Screwtape Proposes a Toast by C.S.Lewis . This year , I saw the hardcover version of Screwtape Letters offered by Amazon , and the description said `` with Screwtape Proposes a Toast . '' Well , I guess the old addage
 For those who do not share Mr. Lewis ' smug Christianity these letters are likely to quickly lose their charm . Mr. Lewis ' religiousness is of a very narrow , cloistered , sort . It arrogantly dismisses practically all worldly conditions and concerns that we may look to religion to address . Neither does it have the depth or feeling one associates with mysticism . It is a religion of the self-satisfied and elect.The conceit of having letters from Screwtape to a favored demon nephew palls at about letter V , there are XXXI . What wittiness there is fades as Lewis settles into his screed.In fact it occurred to me that the work is a satire on the self-satisfied perspective it appears to represent . If so Mr. Lewis has brilliantly fooled a lot of people .
 I was very dissappointed when I read -LRB- part of -RRB- this book . It 's really a religious tract and is only interesting for the very religious people . Everyone else will find it super-dull . It 's a long series of discussions on various aspects of religious thought thinly disguised as amusing chatter from a daemon . The characterisation and story do n't amount to much and are only there to back up the proselytising message .
 This book is filled with pretty pictures of seniors doing easy to difficult postures . No attempt is made to discuss the precautions anyone , but especially older people should take in practicing yoga , and I would definately not recommend it for an older beginner , especially anyone with injuries . A far better book is The New Yoga for People Over 50 , Suza Francina , which discusses the changes that take place as we age , and shows many asanas with appropriate use of props and modifizations for safety , and which are suitable/unsuitable for injuries , high blood pressure -- a much , much better book .
 Always leery of book authors -LRB- trying to SELL books -RRB- on the topic of frugality ... this book is in the bottom of the heap , at least in my opinion.First way to be frugal is to not buy books like these and spend the time it 'd take reading it doing your own research -LRB- into topics that are near and dear to you in terms of saving money or topics that you do n't know enough about -RRB- at the library and/or online.In short , I felt the time spent reading this book would have been better spent doing internet and library research -LRB- on such obvious $ - saving topics as mentioned in the book -RRB- on my own.Using the library is my # 1 frugality tip ! Sorry Amazon , I love you for many other purchasing choices ... but rarely for new books .
 I was very disappointed by this book . In the gift suggestion section many of the gifts suggested giving things that you needed the recipes from one of her other books . It was disappointing not to have access to all of the information referenced in the book . I also think much of the information was fairly common knowledge . I would not recommend this book .
 Being an at home mom of two , I was in love with Jonni 's 1st book `` Miserly Moms '' . I was excited to read `` Frugal Families '' but instead was dissapointed to find that it contained much of the same information ... not my best `` frugal '' purchase!The content , although , would be valuable to someone that has never read her first book ... but I would suggest that they try MM instead ...
 Use the first book so much that I bought this one on that strength alone . Wish I had n't ! What little good info in the book is merely a rehash of the first one . Appears to me that she 's trying to stretch her `` Miserly Mom '' ways by pushing off an empty sequel .
 I was really disappointed with this one-her first book is so much better . I found it really boring and just not that much useful info . Save your money and check it out at the library first if you think you may want it . Wish I had . But , Miserly Moms is definitely worth the money , I use it all the time .
 This book is not nearly as helpful as her first book , Miserly Moms . Much of the information is freely available elsewhere , including the author 's own website . Further , she repeats , in most cases almost word for word , lots of information from her first book . She also refers you to her first book for `` more information '' more than once . I wish I had n't wasted my money on this book . I was expecting a volume as useful as Miserly Moms . To say I was disappointed would be a gross understatement .
 I purchased `` Frugal Families '' because I am already a stay-at-home mom and already have a large family , thus I skipped `` Miserly Mom . '' Based on McCoy 's references to `` Miserly Mom '' in this book , I bought the wrong book . I expected some tips on saving money everyday and instead got tips for decorating for the holidays , buying a car , purchasing insurance and electrical appliances . Not what I thouht I was getting and practically useless to me .
 I love Jonni McCoy 's first book , Miserly Moms ! It has so much information and recipes that I have read it several times ! And give copies of it as gifts . This book , Frugal Families , was boring . I wo n't be reading this one again . Not enough interesting information .
 This book has almost no tips on living frugally . If you are serious about saving money , do n't bother with this book and go straight for the Complete Tightwad Gazette . That is a much better use of your money !
 The first thing I noticed when I got this book was the Oracle Application Server -LRB- OAS -RRB- chapters . The next thing was that the content was pulled almost word-for-word from the OAS documentation . I 'm not that familiar with the other products covered in this book , but if this is how the rest of the book was written , save your money . If you have the products , you already have this book . It 's just not all in one place . For example , compare the discussion of `` Multiple Instances and Threads in Cartridges '' on p. 142 of this book with p. 2-17 the OAS 4.0.7 Introduction to Applications book . Not only are the figures identical , but the text is almost a perfect match .
 The first thing I noticed when I got this book was the Oracle Application Server -LRB- OAS -RRB- chapters . The next thing was that the content was pulled almost word-for-word from the OAS documentation . I 'm not that familiar with the other products covered in this book , but if this is how the rest of the book was written , save your money . If you have the products , you already have this book . It 's just not all in one place . For example , compare the discussion of `` Multiple Instances and Threads in Cartridges '' on p. 142 of this book with p. 2-17 the OAS 4.0.7 Introduction to Applications book . Not only are the figures identical , but the text is almost a perfect match .
 Not very impressed with this book , it has little to do with Oracle 8i and Oracle 's Java Vision.With Web Development I was hoping for some database interaction , as the title states `` Oracle 8i Web Development `` Where is the Java coverage
 `` Missing Links '' is a very bad addition to the recent golf mystery subgenre . None of Ms. Tyler 's characters are believable , including the lover/sleuth protagonists -LRB- for example , they were by turns inexplicably meek and then overly aggressive -RRB- . Also , while the lover theme can be wonderful , in `` Missing Links '' the female was on a relentless quest to get her partner into bed , a tendency I found distracting and unnecessary.Further , the plot lacks cohesiveness and perhaps even more unforgivably , the purported motive for the primary murder is legally untenable
 Advice on the level of `` avoid grizzly bears '' and `` tigers are dangerous predators '' - -LRB- actual quotes more or less -RRB- . If this is the level of advice you need , this book is for you . Also recommends catching and eating tuna and marlin when in a jam . Thanks for the info .
 Like hellcatty from Hong Kong , my version is also called a survival manual . While there is some information of use in the book , in most areas it is sadly lacking -LRB- although it has pretty pictures -RRB- . For example , on page 63 , it shows Mr. McManners doing a bow drill fire . I 'd sure like to see him do it in person if this photo accurately portrays his technique . Unless he has arms like Lou Ferrigno , that top hand of his is going to be all over the place . Similarly , on the same page , his portrayal of hand drill fire making leaves a lot to be desired . He states that the hand drill fire technique ` only works effectively in hot climates , where the wood is really dry . ` It also works very effectively , at least in my area , in the winter , when it also can be quite dry . His drill also looks somewhat top heavy and unbalanced . Overall , as stated in my title , save your money for a much better book .
 Hyams has done his homework with this project . He accumulated material from a wealth of contributors including personalities from Newman High School as well as the University of Tennessee.However , one can tell , after reading the first chapter , this is Hyams , formerly asst. sports editor of the Knoxville News-Sentinel , first foray into penning a novel length book . The content reads like an extended feature story one would find in the local newspaper 's sports section.Specifically , the content is choppy and dry . There is no flow , and it is difficult to remain engaged.If I were to assign a grade to this work , I would give it a D +
 This book was not well written and was basically the author praising Peyton in a cringe-worthy fashion . There was n't any substantive and the book ends with Peyton getting drafted by the Colts . If you 're interested in learning about Peyton , get the book he and his father helped write -LRB- there 's more stuff about his childhood , family relationships , etc. -RRB- .
 Paul Denegelegi 's second Casca book is markedly better than the first but still contains a little too much over descriptive passages , making the book a little heavy at times . This story has Casca meeting a young Marco Polo in Venice and then accompanying him to China and the court of Kubilai Khan and he enjoys many adventures there.Dengelegi writes well when battles are decribed but all too often there seems to be a little wandering from the main plot which detracts from the storyline . Sadler wrote in an all-action mode and this is what Casca fans really want , not a ponderous storyline which is why Denegelegi attracts a lot of criticism.One thing I particularly disliked was the final part where the writer attempted to connect this book 's storyline with the beginning of his first book and in the process contradicted Sadler 's storyline for the character . Careless and with a little more care this would have been avoided .
 This 2nd novel of the return of Casca was a better effort than the 1st . I have been reading the Casca novels since it first came out in the early 80 's and still own the first 14 novels , after that they fell towards bad writing oblivion for me . Barry Sadler 's death was very sad and so was the Casca series for me . I am very glad to see a new writer come in and try to take the reins for the new series , but for some reason I find myself skimming thru lots of paragraphs to the end . I do n't want to bash a good writer , but Paul D. seems to bring to life a Casca of old very well . His feelings and his mannerisms are all there like Barry Sadler used to write , but the action scenes to me are not written very well and are bogged down with flat battle sequences . For example , when Casca finally confronted the bad guy who killed his beloved , the build-up of the fight was finished much too quickly and easily . Barry Sadler 's fight scenes and his revenge scenes were shocking and well written in an action-type way that left the reader satisfied . Paul is a gifted writer when it comes to the feel of the past and with customs of the peoples in history , but it is too bogged down with nothing really happening . Barry Sadler 's books for the most part were less than 200 pages and the fat was trimmed off . I dont see how these other people can give this new Casca book 4 to 5 stars after they have read Barry 's books , but to each his own I say . Keep trying Paul , I know these are big shoes to fill but I know you can do it better next time , Casca is too great of a character not to give another try for old time sakes !
 This latest Casca novel , the 2nd in this new authors Casca tryout , is still unfortunately coming up short.Barry Sadler 's Casca novels were fantastic pulp hero type action novels , filling a groove for readers that loved such short novels like Conan the Barbarian could truly appreciate.Out of all of Sadler 's writing ventures , only Casca really shined like a well polished blade . I still own all of the series.I am glad and humbled that someone has tried to take up the huge writing reins to continue this series . A solid writer could well take on this saga , giving hungry old readers of the series - as well as new ones - new adventures of Casca , the eternal mercenary . There are hundreds of untold times to pick and choose from.As much as I admire someone making an attempt , this author has come up somewhat short of just making a Sadler pulp adventure story . He shows potential , however . Practice makes perfect.Well , one hopes anyway .
 I have to admit that this is better than his original attempt at this series . The battles are much improved . The problem is that he is still overly descriptive of areas of the story that really does not require it . I found myself skipping pages again . When a reader has to skip pages for a lack of interest , you loose the reader 's attention . Sadler had the ability to reach out and pull you into the story , and when you did come up for air or food you were ready to dive back in immediately . In this book , ofttimes I found myself on the outside looking in , and I really did n't care if I finished . The author also had a tendency to stray from the story and loose the plot for a while , which confused me at times.I 'm sorry but if this author makes another attempt at this series I doubt I will read it .
 worst casca book ever written . casca is mainly a side bar in the book was so bored did not even finish book . as a fan who is hungry for the next casca book i would starve before buying one written by dengelegi . please get a new author .
 As a fan of the original series who sadly lost them all in a move , I was excited to find new stories by a new author . I tried to like this one , I really did , but it just is n't Casca . Others have pointed out most of the book 's faults , but one thing nobody has mentioned that plagued me throughout the book was the poor editing . Constant misuse of words like their/they 're and other homophones indicates that no real attempt was made to edit beyond simple spellcheck . The editing department gave their job the same attention to detail that was given to the cover art .
 Too bad Barry Sadler is dead . . I do n't think he would approve of the way Casca is rewritten ...
 If you liked Barry Sadler 's Casca books , it is difficult to imagine how you could like this one . Every time Casca would have done X , the imposter in this book did Y . It was like being given something that looks like an apple , but when bitten tastes like burnt liver .
 The main problem is that he forgets about Casca . His history seems probable , but I buy these books for excitement and escape , not lessons . His battles are about as interesting as watching ice freeze and I really wanted this to work . I have re-read every BS Casca book several times and wanted something new . If PD writes a new book , I will give him one more try , but if he does n't improve - no more .
 Here is a review that I thought summed up my opinion of this book perfectly : Reading David Leadbetter 's book `` The Fundamentals of Hogan '' was a very frustrating experience for me . On the one hand , there are some excellent pictures , but on the other hand , Leadbetter does n't teach Ben Hogan 's fundamentals , and it shows.I was pleasantly surprised to see that Leadbetter mentioned things about Ben Hogan 's swing of which very few instructors are aware , including those who claim to teach Hogan Fundamentals , but then Leadbetter would blow it by always adding that Hogan was unique and that golfers should ignore what Hogan did and instead do it his -LRB- David Leadbetter 's -RRB- way . It was as if Leadbetter were saying Hogan was wrong and that his way is better.This is where Leadbetter 's weakness shows with regard to Ben Hogan 's fundamentals -- he clearly does n't understand the importance of the movements and how they fit together so tightly . The Hogan swing was essentially one motion from beginning to end , an accomplishment which no other golfer has been able to match ! This is the true beauty of Ben Hogan 's fundamentals -- pure synergy with absolutely no wasted movement ! David Leadbetter is throwing a monkey wrench into Ben Hogan 's Fundamentals by adding pieces of his own swing theory that do not fit.Let 's face it , Hogan was the best ball striker and had the best swing of all time . He may have been a little more flexible than most and he certainly worked harder than anyone else , but as I see it , he had two legs , a torso , two arms , and a head . The fundamentals he applied to his swing were proven in major championships and they apply to all golfers possessing anything related to a typical human physique.For a publisher wanting to sell the largest possible number of books , David Leadbetter was the obvious choice for a new book on Hogan . Combine the biggest name in golf instruction and the newly found photos used to create the illustrations in Ben Hogan 's book Five Lessons , The Modern Fundamentals Of Golf and you 're guaranteed to have a big seller . Unfortunately , focusing on dollars instead of being true to the subject does n't do justice to Ben Hogan 's fundamentals.So , should you buy the book ? If you have an interest in Hogan 's fundamentals , definitely yes . The physical quality of the book is excellent and the pictures alone are worth the cost . Unfortunately , if you rely on David Leadbetter 's words it wo n't do much to further your understanding of Ben Hogan 's fundamentals .
 This book is so out-of-date in March 2009 that it was practically useless for anything other than a starting point to do research on the Web .
 This book can be useful for learning onomatopoeia words but you can quite easily find them in a good dictionary.The big problem with this book is its simply takes the Japanese language and tries to conjure up a sentence so complex that its just boderline stupid . The realtiy is that no japanese person I have ever met talks in such a ridiculous manner and you 'll simply make yourself look stupid talking like this.For example a sentence like ; `` my wife always bawls me out because I 'm no good at pinching pennies `` seriously , who talks like that in real life ? Nobody . This book could have given examples that made use of the onomatopoeia 's without making the sentence sound so ridiculously silly and over the top.Unless you 're an experienced student with a desire to conjure up the most silly and ridiculous sounding sentences imaginable you 'd be best to avoid this book
 This is the worst business book I have ever read . The connection between his hypothesis on pricing and his discourse on science and mathematics is lacking or at best weak . This is truly voodoo-finance at its worst .
 I have been active in the solar community for a little over 30 years and I doubt that I have even seen a worse piece of writing . And , in addition to the anger I feel for the endless laziness in this man 's attitude toward clarity and punctuation -LRB- for example
 I had to force my way through this mystery . For books which are read for enjoyment and entertainment , that should not be the case . I 've read her books before , and usually they are more tightly written , concise , with a plausible plot . This was not the case in this book , and it felt as though the inclusion of different family members was merely done as afterthoughts to connect to previous books . Very disconnected job ... Karen Sadler , Science Education , University of Pittsburgh
 Crushingly dull . The characters are bland and too poorly drawn even to be irritating . The plot is pedestrian , with details that are neither relevant nor even entertaining . Luckily the heroine 's husband is absent in this book , so we are spared the embarrasment of being invited to share their -LRB- probably -RRB- tedious bedroom . Disagree with me if you like - just do n't ask me to read any more Charlotte McLeod .
 This so-called book on dyspepsia is a joke . Barely readable because of the print . I 've sent it back to the company and I 'm waiting for a refund .
 Terribly boring and innaccurate , much better reasources abound
 While the book had the potential to be very interesting , the wording and style only dragged on creating a book not only difficult to read , but impossible to get into .
 The Devil in Massachusetts is based on the Salem Witch Trials , one of the most interesting things in U.S. History , the author just made it very boring and from her own understanding of the Witch Trials . This book is designed to be read for college level students . First of all , the different chapters in the book were very confusing , a different character a chapter then bringing back up the same character after many chapters . Although she does provide enough information leading to the trials and what happened afterwards , however it was plain and very hard to follow . For example , who was John Indian ? She keeps mentioning him on and off , which got me confused of whom and what he stands for in the book . Overall , Starkey 's view of the witch craft hysteria was confusing and very boring ; though it had a lot of information , it was inaccurate . I 'd recommend this book to college level students and to people who have an interest in the witch trials , not of what really happened and what really went on in Salem Town in 1692 .
 I find the Salem witch trials to be very interesting and I love learning about them . After reading this book however , I am starting to become turned off by them . I am a woman and personally find woman writers to usually be enjoyable . This woman should go back to college or maybe even grade school and find out how to write . She uses complicated sentences that make no sense -LRB- you 'll need a dictionary or another person to help you out with the meanings of some of her 20-word sentences -RRB- . Do yourself a favor , pick a different book .
 While this book , first published in 1949 , is very readable , the serious student will be chagrined by it 's factual errors.The writing style makes for a pleasant read , and Ms. Starkey does give the researcher clues where to find the real facts , but for the most part , read this book with a grain of salt.For instance , Ms. Starkey tells us that Lady Mary Phips was the widow of her own father ... that the infamous George Burroughs was good at raising molasses kegs with 2 fingers ... -LRB- the story is a MUSKET not molasses ! -RRB- The errors continue into even more important realms . -LRB- Such as which Nehemiah Abbot was released by virtue of the ` afflicted ' deciding they had ` the wrong man ' - young Abbot 's eloquent defense and calm demeanor should not be negated nor glossed over - or worse - attributed to another man ! -RRB- On and on , one error after another.Frankly , as often as this book is used as a reference , I 'm surprised someone else has n't pointed out the poor research !
 If I remember correctly , Starkey 's book started off as a doctoral thesis . It reads like one , despite her attempt to inject drama into a period of history that needs no such injection . Her modern enquiry is rather dated now , as she used the technique of Freudian analysis to explain away the hysteria surrounding the trials and to explain how something like this could have happened . The psychoanalysis may hit on a grain of truth , but a lot of what she stated was merely conjecture . I would have been more interested to know about the link between the real dangers the Puritans faced -LRB- dangers over which they had very little control in their new , hostile , strange environment -RRB- and their belief system , which left them ripe to believe in imagined ones .
 I knew you would click on the ' 1 star ' rating as everyone else 's is 4 star and above . . So now that I have your attention , let me rant about poor packaging from Amazon in general and this book in specific 's . The book is a great tribute to Nakashima 's work in wood and his life in general . I did a library request for it -LRB- I do that with all books first so I can see if I want to buy it or not . . I loved it so , I waited until it got to a lower price . Never went below $ 50 so I sprang on it -LRB- it does go up and down -RRB- with Xmas $ 's I got . . OK , enough about the book . . Now the packaging . . This was a $ 50 book that came in an oversized box -LRB- yes I get it you ca n't carry a size for every different item you carry -RRB- with 8 '' open on one side , 4 '' on the other and 4 inches on height . This is all over and beyond the book size . Oh , they did pack one each 3 block inflatable ... what do you call it . . ? packing ` thing ' . Oh and the middle one was flat . . nothing else in the box for cushioning . So when you pick up the box , you can feel the book inside sliding to and from . . Great , did I say this was a $ 50 book ? So I find the dust cover ripped a little at the lower binding area and a little dinged on the upper borders . We all remember the old Samsonite luggage commercial with the Gorilla tossing the suitcase all around his/her cage to show how indestructible their product is . . well think that when you think of postal shipping and travel . I do n't blame them at all . . well maybe if it arrived as a sponge or briquet or whatever but to not be packaged properly to begin with . . Some serious consideration needs to be given to the lowest paid worker in the shipping department and their chain of command re
 Basically this is the only book available that deals with EJB and Oracle Application Server . But the book is outdated . Basically handles only EJB1 .0 spec , so the deployment descriptors are old . It does not cover Entity Beans . So if you are using Oralcle 8.1.7 or Oracle 9 i App Server , this book is out dated for you . The flow of topics could have been better . Any way we dont have much choice , as this is the only book on this topic .
 This book is a pathetic attempt at providing information on Java side of Oracle8i . It does complete injustice to its title . One has to search hard to find as to what is there in this book about Oracle8i with regards to Java . Rather this book is a mediocre introduction to HTML , Web , EJB , CORBA , JSP and so on . There are outstanding books on each of these topics . I wonder if the authors and the publisher chose this title to gain entry into the otherwise saturated market for books on Java . If you are planning to buy this book , wait until the price drops down to $ 5.0 a piece . I am returing mine for a refund .
 This book has nothing to do with Oracle . If you are looking for the explanation of EJB , CORBA AND JSP buy separate books about those topics . This one just explaines above technologies in general terms without any link and relation to Oracle8i database . Do n't get confused by a title . You WILL NOT find there a topics explaining
 In line with the tremendously pompous `` A New Kind of Science , '' Jef Raskin goes off on just about every little aspect of using computers . He explains how he has the magic key . However , just like in ANKOS , you finish the book wondering if you know anything more at all.In his explanations of whats wrong and whats right , he contradicts himself countless time . He goes on to complain that everything should have only one way of doing it , then complains when Microsoft only has one way of accomplishing something . He explains that every key or button should perform one task , then is upset when it doesnt perform three or four . He discusses the realm of design as if there was no difference between an expert user and a novice , claiming that the difference is negligible , and that if there was only one way to do things , ppl would get used to it and everything would be great . Apparently , Jef Raskin has never used vi.What I learned from this book is that if Jef Raskin has his way about interface design , im going to have to stop upgrading my machines .1 stars is the most it deserves . Its not worth your money and its certainly not worth your time .
 Jef Raskin is a very intelligent man . However , as a result of his intelligence , many people who do not have the understanding that he does get lost in this read . Maybe this book is not for the beginner . I have had interactive and interface classes before , and read some clearer books .
 There are so many books like this one that have been written over the last three decades . And yet hard-to-use computer systems are still produced . I read this book . A few months later someone else told me that I should hand out a chapter to my students at MIT . I made a note to myself to check out this book , having completely forgotten that I 'd read it . In fact , it was sitting on a shelf right behind my desk chair!One reason that this book wo n't have much impact is that it is not available on the Web . Thus university students worldwide will be unlikely to encounter it -LRB- professors only assign hardcopy books that can function as a textbook for an entire semester of a standard subject -RRB- . So the next generation of engineers will be unaware of Raskin 's restatement of user interface principles.A deeper reason why this book wo n't have much impact is that it usually requires a working system to get an idea across . For example , a lot of people learned about good UI by using the Apple Macintosh , not by reading the Macintosh Human Interface Guidelines -LRB- though that book was/is extremely lucid -RRB- . Bottom line
 The positive reviews cover the positive side of this book.The negatives :1 -RRB- The distinction of noun-verb vs. verb-noun behavior is strange since all his examples of good design are really verb-noun-verb -LRB- navigate-select object-perform action on object -RRB- .2 -RRB- His section on user customization reveals the sort of ` the designer knows best ' arrogance that has traditional brought us such design failures as soviet era archetecture , not to mention untold millions of dollars of unsellable products .3 -RRB- The worst part of his writing style is that he NEVER -LRB- ok make that seldom -RRB- describes the trade-offs that real design usually involves . He slams the beginner-expert design efforts without dealing at all with the real tradeoffs necessary . Similarly , icons are dismissed without dealing with the tradeoffs that icon use involves .4 -RRB- His approach is that of the industrial engineer who measures efficiencies with time and motion studies ; after reading this book I have the dstinct impression that using software he designs would be similar to standing in an assembly line all day .5 -RRB- Very limited discussion of aethetics as they apply to ergonomics . For instance , no -LRB- well , very little -RRB- discussion of color and how it relates to the human interace ; no discussion on fonts and how they relate to eye strain.In general , the book has some good technical information , but writing style and lack of essential coverage of design issues make for pervasive flaws .
 I read this book hoping for some insight into good design . I expected a pragmatic , psychology based perspective on users and technical design . Instead , I found the equivalent of a time - motion study on user interaction with technology . That 's not a bad thing . Raskin sites some interesting studies on how people are able to work with various input devices . However , I found his negative tone put me off . Everytime he sited a study , he also complained about what was wrong with it . He thinks his designs ideas are superior to many of these , but he sited few scientific studies that backed up his claims.Raskin constantly praises one of his earlier projects , the Canon Cat . If it was so wonderful , why were n't more of those ideas emulated in future designs ? I 'm sure there are some valid reasons , but I think his designs are not quite as wonderful as he seems to think they are.On a different note , I think some of the writing must have been done a while back . Many of the problems considered date much farther back than the year 2000 publication date . Where some of those problems still exist today , many have been solved or inproved by current software.If you 're looking for a good book on the psychology of good design , I 'd recommend Norman 's , `` The Design of Everyday Things . '' If you would like more practical software design tips , `` Designing From Both Sides of the Screen '' is pretty good ... especially the first half , which has lots of fun examples .
 If you were planning to design an interface from scratch , throwing out every computer interface that had been invented in the past 20 years , this book might be of use to you . There is very little practical information , however , if you plan to design an interface that would be built on any modern operating system.While there is some interesting theory presented in this book , it is quite academic , and unfortunately not applicable for most `` interactive systems '' being created today.If you are looking for information that would help you design a good interface , I recommend reading Alan Cooper 's books , The Inmates Are Running The Asylum and About Face 2.0 . The Inmates Are Running The Asylum introduces Cooper 's methods for designing a good interaction with the user and presents a strong business case for doing so -LRB- have senior management read those chapters -RRB- . About Face 2.0 is a detailed guide to using Cooper 's methods.Also , I strongly recommend Donald Norman 's The Design of Everyday Things to anyone thinking about designing an interface or design in general . It is an entertaining book that helps to orient the reader to an interesting point of view which challenges the needless complexity and confusion inherent in the many devices we encounter every day .
 There are many good insights in the book , but plan on heavy slugging through psychology and philosophy . You 'd think a book on UI design would include better techniques for knowledge transfer than page after page of complex prose . If you 're looking to expand your mind , buy this . If you 're seeking a good UI design tutorial or reference , skip it .
 I found a lot to disagree with in this book . Mr. Raskin recommends that we dispense with GUI fluff that obscures more than it illuminates -LRB- not necessarily a bad idea -RRB- and replace it with a system in which your content IS the interface . While typing this review , for instance , I could type the word SAVE , select the word SAVE , and invoke a command to interpret the selected word as a command , thus saving the text to disk . Or type EMAIL -LRB- right here in the middle of this sentence ! -RRB- , select the command -LRB- and somehow also select the sentence -RRB- , and tap a key to send the sentence off as an email . Or I can type an arithmetic expression into my text and evaluate it on the fly -LRB- which as we all know , most users need to do urgently and often -RRB- . Truly out-there stuff , and I think that 's admirable , but I also think it 's wrong . Many of the book 's proposed computing paradigms are based on the notion that most files are text files , when in reality , at least in today 's systems , only a tiny percentage of files contain human-readable text . We 've got applications , MP3s , video , pointers to content , content we 've made ourselves , content from other sources . These data are different , and can not all be tossed into a homogeneous soup and treated as text.Moreover , the book has some `` bugs '' which limit its own useability . Mr. Raskin makes dozens of references to a product he designed and extols , the Canon Cat , but never actually explains what it is . I know that it lets users manage files without having to name them -LRB- interesting -RRB- but I do n't know what kind of files they 're making , so I ca n't decide whether this is a good idea . The book does not offer even a single screentshot of this device . Same goes for Swyftware , another oft-cited product with which the author assumes we are familiar , when we are not -LRB- Google reports only 7 references on the Web -RRB- . Instead of showing us pictures these paragons of design in action , the book devotes precious glossy color plates to a gallery of black & white icons , a Windows menu bar , a photo of a grey radio and other illustrations in which color is meaningless.In this book Mr. Raskin is really thinking , and he does back up his ideas with -LRB- talk of -RRB- empirical data . And as someone who has developed both hardware and software , he is not afraid to propose alternative input devices and new keys added to the keyboard . That 's interesting stuff . But so many ideas just seem wrong . I do n't think people want their computer to process keypresses while it is asleep . I do n't think people are suffering for lack of a quicker way to enter a Carriage Return character into a search & replace dialog . And I do n't think people want to have to learn a command-line interface and then type up their own menus -LRB- suffering through syntax errors in the process -RRB- to attain the convenience of a GUI . It 's a novel book , but I wo n't recomment it on that basis alone .
 THIS BOOK IS JUNK TO THE GENRE . UTTERLY MORONIC . FULL OF POSTURING AND BOMBAST AND IDIOM . PREDICTABLE AND INANE CONCLUSION , PREDICTABLE AND INANE EPILOGUE . THE AUTHOR SHOULD BE DROPKICKED INTO IRREPARABLE INSANITY.THE BOOK JUSTIFIABLY DESERVES A ZERO .
 Leaving aside the plot holes and the lack of anything but the most cursory character development , the book is just badly written and in dire need of an editor . Long chapters of synopsis are combined with sentence fragments to create something that reads like a quickly dashed-off screenplay treatment . I 'm sure the destruction of San Francisco and the various metahuman/cop battles will look great on screen , but as a book , this makes comic books look deep .
 I have n't seen this much pent up anger in a book since Order of the Pheonix . Soledad is an angry , two demensional , bigot who 's a Mary Sue to top off the nastiness that exudes from her . Her coworkers are angry . The boyfriend is a nonentity . The Mutants -LRB- whom we get so little background about -RRB- seem to be the only faction in this story that have a right to be angry since they 're being hunted down regardless of their personal histories.Anger about Los Angeles . It 's so plainly obvious that the author hates LA with a passion that makes his blood boil . Why , oh why , did he set it there ? He even hates the nice days in town . I went to college in LA and know first hand that it 's not like what appears on tv , but holy cats , this guy really does n't like it . The pure venom in the narration makes it that much more difficult to put up with such borederline protagonists.Also , is this a book or a script ? The use of colons instead of verbs was simply poor form . I understand that Mr. Ridley is a tv writer , which is great , but he needs to understand that prose and scripts are different beasts , or his editor should be fired.I picked up this book because it had a great title , which is the only thing that was any good about it .
 What began as an interesting novel and journeyed into an interesting form of describing humanity and some of our worst shortcomings , ended without any of the characters transforming into something new and preferably better . I felt cheated by how this story ended and refuse to believe that all of humanity is as hopeless , narrow-minded and self destructive as what was represented by the main character , Soledad .
 It is rare for me to put a book down and simply stop reading it . I did with SM Stirling 's `` Draka '' books ... there 's something seriously wrong with a book that leaves you wanting to root for the * Nazis * , for example ... and this book leaves the same sort of bad taste in my mouth . The main character is , frankly , sick - and the society she is `` protecting '' is not much better the way the book is written.She has no redeeming features at all . She is a bigoted fanatic of the worst sort ... and she wallows in it ... and so does the author . Well , to be fair , Stirling claims not to love his fascist Draka -LRB- I 've never been sure I believe that claim -RRB- , so its possible that Ridley is trying to make a point about bigoted fanatics ... but it does n't come across that way.Then there 's the believability factor of the background . I ca n't quite come to grips with this ... its supposed to be a gritty realistic police thriller . But with superheroes who wear their underpants on the ouitside . There 's something that just does n't gel ... it just seems inherently ... silly ? unbelievable ? strange ? It just does n't work for me , anyway.Apart from the above , the book is reasonably well written . Wo n't win the Nobel Prize for Literature , or the Hugos or the Nebulas . But it is n't awful and amateurish . Its just there are other problems . As noted .
 Boy , was this book a serious letdown . I rushed out to get it based on my love for comics and fictional futures . The premise is excellent , and Ridley 's dialogue is like nothing I 've ever read . It 's true to life and unique . The only thing that let me down was the main character that we 're -LRB- I think -RRB- supposed to be rooting for -LRB- or maybe not ... maybe this is Ridley 's intention -RRB- . Soledad comes off as a hateful , bigoted , murderous , merciless human being . And it 's not even for an understandable reason . Sure , the disaster visited upon San Francisco is horrific ... but Soledad 's family never made it to the city . They were all spared . This is the one thing that kept me from thoroughly enjoying the book .
 I bought this book with anticipation , because the book blurb intrigued me . Boy , was I disappointed!As others have stated , the background of the story is that there is an emerging presence of `` mutant '' humans , ones who seem to have superhuman powers . As in all comic book stories , the `` good '' mutants fight the `` bad '' mutants and try to protect human society . All that comes crashing to an end in the USA when one of the baddies manages to wipe out most of San Francisco . Immediately , it seems , the normal humans turn against all the mutated humans , an Executive Order is issued by the President abolishing their civil rights and giving them 30 days to leave the country or else be subject to `` termination '' without due cause . Special MTAC squads are set up in all major cities to handle the extermination of the mutantsIs there any real exploration into whether or not the mutants are just the further evolution of humanity?No.Is there any real explanation as to why the entire population of the USA seemingly allows civil rights to be trampled without demur?No.Is it ever even explained why the mutated humans who acted as superheroes and supervillians adopted corny names and wore costumes?No.Instead we get the character of Soledad O'Roark , a bigoted and essentially nasty female cop . One who apparently was so traumatized by what happened in San Francisco -LRB- she and her family were supposed to take a trip there that day but did n't because she was ill -RRB- that she has dedicated her entire life to becoming the scourge of the mutants . Never mind that they were obviously childhood heroes to her , never mind that outside of her police duties she never comes into contact with them , never mind that the majority of the mutated humans follow a `` harm none '' policy , never mind that no one she knew was killed in San Francisco . She is a WOMAN WITH A MISSION . She has no close friends , she keeps her family at arm 's distance , she has no social life - her life is her job and her goal is to become the baddest bad-ass in the special MTAC squad and kill the mutants . She is single-minded in her hatred . She does n't seem to care if the people she kills help humanity or hurts them ; she resents that they have god-like abilities and that 's enough for her.There is a rather lame romantic tangent in the story - frankly I could not see why on earth the character of Ian would have been attracted to her in the first place , much less put up with all of her bigotry when he did n't seem to share her POV.THE FOLLOWING IS A SPOILER
 Think X-Men , only without the interesting characters or any of the humanity of the story . Also , the `` hero '' of the book wants to exterminate all mutants . Others have explained the plot , so I 'll just get to what I think works and mostly does n't work about this book.For a book about super-humans , there sure are n't a lot of them in this thing . The glimpses we do get to see of `` metahumans '' usually end with them getting shot by the main `` protagonist '' Soledad O'Roark , who is perhaps the most unlikable character ever put to paper . She embodies the underlying theme in the story , which is that everybody on the planet is bigoted and racist , even minorities , and sometimes human rights have to be stripped away in order for `` normal '' people to feel safe.I found it odd that the author would write a book with superheroes in it , then chalk the main character so full of hatred and racism it 's impossible to like her . Presumably most of the people who would read a book with super-humans in it like superheroes , and the story here is pretty alienating in that respect.We never really get to know any of the characters , much less care about them , save the fact that I found myself getting progressively angrier and angrier at Soledad 's `` only good mutie is a dead mutie '' attitude . Even at the end of the book she has no redeeming characteristics , and the later chapters actually make her more vicious and nasty , if that 's possible.At one point Soledad says , `` I do n't have friends . '' Well no kidding ; she 's wholly unlikable and has no redeeming characteristics . I found it impossible to understand why on earth the love interest in the story would be able to put up with her nastiness for more than three minutes without setting her on fire.I suppose I just do n't understand why one would write a book from exclusively this point of view , especially being an African American . The moral of the story seems to be `` oppress whoever makes you feel safer . '' The hope of someone 's redemption and the `` what 's going to happen next '' kept me reading this book , but when it was all said and done I was definitely sorry I had . I like stories with characters who have both good and evil in their character , and moral gray areas of plot , but this one is all evil and grim and none of the positive of humanity . Whenever you make Phillip K. Dick look cheery by comparison , something has gone bad wrong.Ridley must really , really hate comic books .
 Well folks , I grew up on comics and still love them , although I am not a frequent reader any more . I was excited to hear about this book and eagerly read it , but ... ugh . If you want some quick reading trashy sci-fi type junk , then go ahead and read it . If you are looking for an intelligent treatment of some comic-like themes , then you 'd better keep waiting . This is the first novel I have read that has inspired me to pan it here , that 's how bad it was .
 This story and its United States made me sad and angry . It tells a tale of the USA outlawing an entire culture of people . The fact that the hero is female and black -LRB- which excited me to start with makes me wonder if the writer was trying to make a point . But the way it is written leads me to believe that he just likes to hate.The nightly news makes me sad and angry enough , who needs to spend fun time reading Bigoted Hate Literature for the fun of it.Don ' t get me wrong , the quality of the writing made me want to continue reading . But I found there were no `` Good Guys '' to root for . I would not spend time or money with another book like this .
 The premise of blending the world of superheroes into a novel for adults is what drew me to this book -LRB- similar to what drew me to the Watchmen graphic novel back in the '80s -RRB- . However , the author 's main character , Soledad is so full of hatred and bitterness , it 's really very hard to root for her . In fact , I found myself rooting against her -LRB- as futile as I know this was , given the fact that she is supposedly the `` heroine '' of the story -RRB- . Even more troubling than that is the fact that she was not even personally affected by the events leading up to the U.S. turning against its supers , other than the fact that she `` almost '' went to S.F. before it was destroyed . Seriously ? That 's her motivation ? C'mon , man ! Here is a protagonist who , based on the actions of a few evil individuals , now hates the entire race of that people , regardless of their character . That 's like making a movie about a cop who hunts down anyone of Middle Eastern origin because of the events of 9/11 ... and expecting us to root for this character . Very disappointing . And even other people pointing out the irony of her bigotry given that fact that she 's a black woman was totally lost on her . I understand that every novelized hero is supposed to have his/her imperfections , but this was a little too overboard .
 A lot of people here are writing some pretty harsh reviews because of the ` hate ' contained inside of these pages . The main character here , Soledad is unique in fiction . She is probably the most alienating protagonist I have ever come across . She is full of self pity , disgust of her fellow humans , hate towards mutants , 100 % negative . Every single sentence in this book drips with disgust . I felt like I was not reading but watching someone flick scum off their hands over and over again.I think that the idea here is great . I myself loath the entire idea of superheros . So its fun to contemplate a story where they are persona non grata and cops like Soledad are around to clean things up , not other superheros . I also like the fact that this book is so negative and dark . I do n't mind that Soledad hates so readily . What I do mind is that it felt like to me that the author has such a contempt for his audience.If you want to read a really great dark author with a twisted protagonist , I would highly recommend Zeltserman 's work , ` small crimes ' is a beauty .
 Though the writing is technically sound , and Ridley knows his pacing and is able to punch up the action sequences with real drama , he makes some questionable decisions regarding the development -LRB- or lack of it -RRB- of his main character . He also leaves several huge holes dangling in the plot that leave the reader wondering about those and why he did n't address them rather than concentrating on the tale he is telling . ** Possible Spoilers rest of way ** Examples of these are when the gun manufacturers do n't want the main characters gun developed because it would be in competition with theirs , when in actuality they would just gobble up the rights , which she had indicated she 'd sign away , and sell those to police departments also . Or why do n't the police and the government employ meta-normals in an official capacity . Failing to address these simple issues is puzzling . But the main problem with book is that the main character is a bigot . And there are many chances for reasonable people in the book to try to explain to her the idea that some good can come out of meta-normals actions , but surprisingly , this almost never happens or is not followed up on . If this book were about a white cop and the meta-normals were replaced by blacks , or the main character hated Jews , or gays , and hated them with such 100 % conviction , this book would not be so warmly praised as many are doing . But there are many cutting it slack because they , like me , are comic collectors , who like to see our hobby given serious treatment in outside mediums . But that does n't excuse the fact that I spent 300 pages becoming emotionally invested in a bigot , who turns down redemption at every turn . I 'm not sure if the author is trying to make a statement here that racism is here to stay . If so , then it 's too heavy handed and obvious , so that ca n't be it . If he 's trying to say institutional racism is ingrained in our society than he missess the mark because his character acts outside the bounds of the institution she represents laws . Maybe he 's trying to say he has no faith in people . If that 's the message of the book , then it could have been said in a short story . He came close to creating a great heroine for modern times . Instead he created a bitter woman who echoes the worst of our past . Is what she tries to do on the side of the road any different than a lynching ? I 've disliked books in the past . But I have a hard time remembering the last time one made me feel this sad , for the opportunity missed .
 A very frustrating read , a literal wall-banger that got deservedly hurled with great force . I 'll concede that from a technical perspective its competently written with well constructed scenes and enjoyable action bits . However the central premise of this alt-reality , a world where a brief age of superheroic derring-do was ended when a villain succeeded in destroying a city and all metanormals are now outlawed and executed on sight , does n't stand up well to even cursory consideration . Outlawing superheros because they missed a villain once is something like villifying fireman because an arsonist once got away with the crime . The fanatically genocidal way the ban is enforced is morally repugnant , akin to fighting extremist terrorism by slaughtering all Muslims . The most hateful aspect is the Protagonist , an emotionally barren person who lives only to hate `` freaks '' and to kill them in any way possible , and for a rather petty reason -LRB- she felt bad when the city blew up ; that 's pretty much it -RRB- . The author only highlights the lead 's unpleasantness by repeatedly having her confronted by metanormals suffering very human misery due to the persecution , only to snap out how much worse the `` freaks '' deserve to suffer . She 's a genocidal murderous slime that deserves biblical retribution , yet we 're supposed to sympathize with her . I hated spending time with this character , and very much never want to do so again .
 This book has no redeeming features . The main character is unimpressive , being as she is a moronic , tempremental , mal-adjusted , anti-social , racist , whose entire character revolves around her being moronic , tempremental , mal-adjusted , anti-social & racist.The syntax , the pacing , the sentence structure , the dialogue , the imagery are all terribly trite , with no positive side whatsoever . Whats more the entire plot of this novel could be sumed up as `` Hi , i 'm an angry , moronic , tempremental , mal-adjusted , anti-social , racist cop ... Ask me how . `` I actually spent most of this book wondering why the cops did n't just invest in sharpy shooters with sniper rifles.-M
 Reading some of the other reviews of this book , I see that I 'm not alone in thinking this while it makes for great sci fi/action movie material , it 's not a particularly enjoyable read . I 've read most of Ridley 's work and as far as the character Soledad goes , she 's a typical Ridley protagonist.When describing his books to someone who had n't read him , I foudn myself saying `` you do n't read him expecting everything to be all good in the end . '' His lead characters are almost never worthwhile as human beings , but the difference in this book is that it 's actually easier to identify and sypathize with the primary antagonist , Vaughn . There 's more logic behind his murderous actions than there is behind Soledad 's . Like some other 's have already said
 The only reason I kept reading this book was the vain hope that this character would develop some kind of redeeming trait . It never happens , she 's treats almost everyone , human or mutant , like crap . She 'll watch a mutant save someones life then without hesitation pull out her gun and shoot them . She 's filled with blatant , uncompromising hatred and not the least bit of reason or conscience about the people she 's murdered . One of the mutants in the book puts it most accurately when he compares her to nazis and klan members.Other than her the book was okay . The action sequences were intense and the other characters were well written .
 Expensive book with very poor binding that does not stand the test of time . This book should be updated and republished in hardback or spiral notebook binding because it does have worthwhile , although very dated now , information in it . A waste of money .
 The content of this book is very much outdated and is very much behind current technology.This is a waste of money and time .
 One thing that really irks me about this book and all of theOsborne Tips and Tricks books that I 've purchased
 Various Vincent Price fan club web pages and the word from the street network was this was centered too much on gossip and the daughter 's troubled relationship with her stepmom and dad . I tried to balance her viewpoints reading the book , but I was disappointed . Struck me as funny that she did n't dare publish this while the great Vincent was still alive . Bringing up idle rumors that are doubtlessly groundless in a book like this is n't the way I would memorialize my parents . I feel I did n't learn anything new about Vincent , but I learned alot about Victoria Price - which is of no interest to me . Ca n't compare to the Midnight Marquee book and a book by Lucy Chase Williams .
 Technically , the writing style is very poor . If this was `` ghosted , '' Victoria should get a refund . But , basically - what you 've heard on the street about this book is more or less true . For a child that was n't around all that much , she is writing more from other sources . I hardly expected an unbiased opinion from the child of a broken home , but some of the none-too-subtle suggestions that Vincent was ` bi ' and so on - without any factual evidence , only gossip - not to mention WHO CARES - is just too much . Another instance of licking one 's emotional wounds in public , I 'm afraid . Stick to the marvelous Lucy Chase Williams book , and the interesting recent book put out by Midnight Marquee .
 I actually love Mr. Price 's `` Dr. Phibes '' films the best , and while discussing these with a rather large group of people at a genre/fantasy bookstore , this book came up in discussion . Everyone told me it was sensationalistic and skewed to the daughter 's troubled relationship with her dad . I still thought `` what the heck , I want to read it . '' Should have saved my money . I do n't like it when people air dirty laundry in public , especially on family matters . There is no chance for VP or Coral Browne to respond . Innuendo should n't be brought up - everyone , especially in Hollywood of all places , has enemies or jealous persons ready to use rumors to hurt the other persons reputations . Even bringing such issues up is not worthy . I 've got many bio 's on Vincent and on his films , and this just is n't going to be on the same bookshelf . I think that maybe some of the high praise on this is based on people 's love for the wonderful Mr. Price and not based on their knowledge of the many other wonderful books by him and about him ? To me , this is just another `` Mommy Dearest '' surrounded by seemingly sweet sentiment .
 Victoria Price 's book was a big disappointment . Price 's own autobiography covers his early years , and the films are throroughly and more acurately covered by Lucy Chase Williams ' book . Victoria 's book is long , but the only `` new '' information would have been better left unsaid . Much of it is republican bashing from both father and daughter , at times it 's hard to tell which is actually speaking . To them , it 's heroic to oppose fascism , but those who opposed communism as well are `` villains '' . The conservative bashing extended to trying to prevent the John Wayne Cancer Center from getting money Coral Browne willed them !
 Such a charming , elegant , and intelligent man deserved much better . Victoria 's liberal bias taints an otherwise sentimental recollection of life with one of the most gracious men that ever lived . Instead read Vincent Price 's own writings , which are much more revealing and still widely available .
 I considered myself a fan of Vincent Price since I was a small child . His voice , his height , his choices of roles , I was hooked . However , after having read Victoria 's account of his life , I no longer consider myself a fan . Her views on his politics were not necessary . In my opinion , the comments bordered on hate . I wish I had selected a biography written by someone other than Victoria , then I would not have been so disappointed .
 Sadly , what I felt when I finished this latest Jane Jeffry mystery novel was frustration and confusion . Whatever is going on with Jill Churchill ? The Jane Jeffry mystery books used to be one of my favourites -LRB- as well as an automatic buy for me -RRB- . But not anymore . I found it very hard to believe that the authour who wrote `` Grime and Punishment , '' `` A Quiche Before Dying '' and `` The Class Menagerie '' also wrote this very sad and unsatisfactory work.Feeling bored and restless -LRB- Jane is suddenly confronted with the fact that soon her house will be empty of children and that she has yet to accomplish anything noteworthy besides being a good mother -RRB- , Jane Jeffry reluctantly agrees to help her best friend and neighbour Shelley tackle the redecorating of an old Victorian house in their neighbourhood . The house is an eyesore and should have been torn down long ago . But now , incredibly rich and recently divorced Bitsy Burnside -LRB- a woman who usually gives Jane heartburn -RRB- has decided to restore and renovate the house and use it for business purposes . And she wants Shelley and Jane to do the redecorating . Jane is leery but Shelley is excited at the prospect of shopping at someone else 's expense . And so Jane soon finds herself a reluctant partner in this latest enterprise . But too many things about this project cause both Jane and Shelley to wonder if it would be wiser to pull out fast -- for example , gung-ho about certain `` feminist '' ideas that she has picked up , Bitsy has decided to hire an all female crew of workers -LRB- Jane and Shelley are not at all certain about the wisdom of that particular move -RRB- ; the contractor , Sandra Anderson , strikes them as being both incompetent and strange ; and someone has been playing a series of dangerous pranks on the workers . And the pranks result in a death ... The saddest thing about this book was that it mirrored Jane 's feelings of restlessness and boredom -- that spark of lively humour that characterised previous Jane Jeffry novels was completely absent . Add to that the fact that Shelley 's character has somehow gone beyond ordinary bossiness into the realm of almost unpleasant , and I began to wonder if Jill Churchill had actually written this book ! The mystery went no where for much of the book
 Jill Churchill 's `` House of the Seven Mabels '' seems to be a little lacking in her usual ingredients of tongue-in-cheek humor and enjoyable fun . The book will divert you for a couple of hours , and you will enjoy the characters of Jane and her friend Shelley , wives and mothers whose children are getting more independent , but more satisfying mystery fare is to be found in Churchill 's earlier works .
 This is definitely the weakest entry in this series . If you 're a fan , you 'll read it , but be prepared to be disappointed . The story is weak and formulaic , the mystery is contrived , the characters do n't seem as likable as before . Even the title seems to be trying too hard . Hopefully , if this series continues , the next entry wo n't be such a paint-by-number effort .
 I came across this book at a sale ; after reading the first few chapters , I checked Amazon and was disappointed to find that it was still in print . Jane seems like a fifties ' holdover , and the descriptions of the many meals and snacks are simply tedious . The worst aspect of this book is n't even the shoddy editing -- it 's the tone . The anti-feminist take here is appalling .
 I have read all the books in this series and this was the weakest . I could n't stay with it and skipped ahead to the end . Hopefully the next book will be better .
 The Jane Jeffrey series can be pretty good -- and it can positively stink . This entry is a clunker . I guess I keep reading the series for the prospect of a good book coming along ; every once in a while one does . Churchill really needs to stop bragging about her parents in the diplomatic corps , and I can definitely do without her incessant snarky comments about her daughter -LRB- in contrast to her huge love for her apparently saintly sons -RRB- . She also needs a better editor . Almost every dialog bit in this series begins with Shelley saying , `` Jane , -- '' or Jane saying , `` Shelley , -- '' This book was particularly grating in its gratuitous -LRB- and passe -RRB- attack on feminism , which Churchill apparently regards as a huge farce , as she does * every * social concern . Give the woman a t.v. set and a bag of chips and she 's happy ! Jane Jeffrey is more trailer park than she knows .
 Homophobic . Xenophobic . Definitely not as good as the other Jane Jeffrey mysteries .
 I just finished reading this book and I have to agree that it is n't up to the same standard as the previous Jane Jeffry books . I have noticed this in a lot of different series though . We , the readers , love a series so the author puts out a book a year -- and we 're thrilled ! However , it might be wiser sometimes for the author to wait a little longer if her story is n't really `` gelling '' as well as it could . -LRB- I felt the same way about the last `` Mrs. Pollifax '' book by Dorothy Gilman . -RRB- I enjoyed this book mainly because I 've enjoyed this series and like the characters . I have to admit I did n't like the `` snobbish '' comment about buffets having terrible food , but maybe where I live the buffets have better food . : - -RRB- The story line is always a little fantastical for Jane Jeffry and her friend , in my opinion , but this one did n't really make the mystery * interesting * . I know NOTHING about building and remodeling and things but even I wondered why they would rewrite their contract and not get a lawyer to look at it when they said Bitsy should have . ???? I would have enjoyed a little more with Jane 's kids and Mel too.If you love Jane Jeffry , you 'll want to read this book just because it 's part of the series . I hope there will be another book but I also hope the author will feel free to take the time necessary for inspiration to work . : - -RRB-
 My wife reads aloud to me by the fire . We have enjoyed other Jill Churchill books , so we were looking forward to this one . My Goodness what a mess ! The plot was hap-hazard and undeveloped . The characters , humor and mystery were all non-existent . The pages were full of careless , unedited typographical errors , misspelling , and gramatical disasters . Words were left out of sentences and sentences trailed off without an ending . The conclusion of the book was a relief . What a shame ! Maybe Jill Churchill had a deadline she could not meet . Maybe her publisher did not print it correctly . Maybe it was just a mess .
 What usually makes Churchill 's `` Jane and Shelley '' team so personable is their ability to use their knowledge of human nature to solve a mystery they have a sincere interest in . In this book , Shelley and Jane reveal that they do n't know much about feminism , equating `` feminism '' with `` man-hating idiocy '' . -LRB- I know many , many feminists . Never yet met one who insisted on calling women by men 's names . -RRB- They do n't use any of their own knowledge to solve the mystery -- and in fact they never do . It 's solved by sheer accident , as if the writer suddenly said to herself , `` Oops ! Forgot to reveal the murderer ! `` I have really enjoyed all the other books in this series -LRB- some more , some less , but I enjoyed them -RRB- . `` Mulch Ado About Nothing '' was a bit weak . But this book I actually disliked . I 'm not sure whether I 'll be following the series in the future .
 This is not a review , but a warning to potential purchasers
 This book is extremely basic . If you want to get into lifting dumbbells you will end up buying Dumbbell Training for Strength And Fitness by Matt Brzycki and Fred Fornicola and Men 's Health Ultimate Dumbbell Guide . Those book are great for starting up and improving . This book was of no use to me since I also bought the above mention books .
 This book is great if you 're in grade school and mommy and daddy want their child to do some little workouts with their cute little bench and 2lb dumbbells . Or if you 're recovering from a rotator cuff injury considering that about twelve pages are dedicated to shoulder work-outs . Other than the above mentioned this book sucks ! Now I really do n't understand how some people rated this book with 5 stars . . OMG ! Make sure that when you purchase a product please take the time to read ALL of the reviews . For in depth total work-out dumbbell routines check out Training for Strength And Fitness by Matt Brzycki and Fred Fornicola and Men 's Health Ultimate Dumbbell Guide .
 This book is fine if you 're an absolute novice . Pick another if you want more than just bare bones basic .
 I just finished Victoria Beckham 's autobiography `` Learning to Fly '' . In it she discusses a horrible court case her and her husband had gone through with this author fighting for this book not to be made . The guy that Andrew Morton 's information is based off of was Victoria 's old bodygaurd . He was the man believed by the FBI to be the one sending the kidnap and death threats that held the family 's lives in fear for years . I would never support a person that disrespected someone that i admire so much .
 So why did I pay good money for a book which has ABSOLUTELY NOTHING NEW other than rehashed tabloid articles ?? I could have just read through a newspaper archive . This book is full of `` reportedly , '' `` allegedly , '' `` it was claimed , '' meanwhile , is n't Andrew Morton supposed to be a journalist ?? Could n't he have confirmed or investigated any of these allegations , reports and claims ?? This was the worst biography I have read in my life .
 I never read a book by this author before , so I did n't have any preconceptions . I was looking for a biography of two celebrities I admire so I could learn more about them and their rise to fame . This book was not a good choice . I ca n't say I learned anything new of any real interest , and I was put off by the hostile tone of the author , especially toward Victoria Beckham . No one is perfect , but this book really seemed to unfairly accentuate the couples ' flaws and downplay their strengths . Nobody deserves to be criticized like that . It was unkind and not a pleasant read . I still admire the Beckhams for their many good qualites , however I 'm not so sure about the author .
 I have read many books this is the second time and last time I ever read a book from this author . I happen to like the Beckhams , and feel that every single public personality deserves a key word privacy . When you can not trust your nannies , cleaning people that is really sad , especially since they are a normal couple with children that fight and have their difficulties like everyone else in the world , they are the upper 3 % of the world with money , they worked hard for it and deserve every single penny if we buy into them and their branding . . and strong family values.I am sad if David did have affairs on his wife because that is a lack of respect for her and his boys and if they even have an agreement to an open marriage it is still no ones business but their own . there is a saying men like blueberry pie , once in awhile they like a little apple but than they return to the bluebuerry pie men love history they never leave their wives!To Victoria if you want your fashion sense to soar like an eagle think globally not locally to size 0. , go larger bring your books sell it all and than use some of it for charity or a training school for homeless teenagers to get them off the streets.I would go QVC or Shopping channel with your fragrances and clothing and sunglasses the more units you sell the more you make it is simple math . Do Jewlery too and anything you can brand your name on because Beckham sells because everyone wants a piece of you it represents wealth and abundance.You go Beckhams and when the press hate you it is because you are doing well . No one wants your sucess it is a famous saying . Andrew Morton can you never write a book that is pleasant I challenge you to do it my gosh man you are a negative and jealous writter and no better than the thousands of papparazzi that chase these people daily for their fix !
 this book did n't tell me anything i did n't already know . i guess i was hoping it would go more into friendships and events these two had been involved with but it seemed to just skim over their life with the bare minimum of details . i wasted my money .
 I only looked at the section on Materialized Views and must say that its one of the few books to cover this topic in some detail . However , readers should be aware that some of the parameters mentioned in the text are not correct and therefore will not work .
 Save your money on this one . I liked the overview of the ORDBMS in Chapter 1 , and the treatment of partitioning , but overall this collection of tips is just that -- a set of tips for the expert minus a well-written orientation to new features . If you can glean more information from examples rather than the surrounding text , then this might be a good reference , but do n't count on it to teach you the neat stuff in Oracle 8i .
 I was very excited about getting this book for my son . However when i recieved it i was very dissapointed.The pictures are great , but the actual point of the book - to learn colors is hardly featured.I would not reccomend this book as a tool to learn colors .
 Oh god this book is really horribleafter reading the whole book you will find your self able to make simple and silly motion and nothing morethe worst thing in this book is that you should watch the author speaking to you in a very silly wayyou ca n't get any ready examples of this book you will find it wanting you to do everything , the whole series of steps and , if you have some trouble in one of the steps you can not do the whole exampleflash is a simple program but the worst thing about it for a beginner that when he faces little problems he wont be able to solve it because he can not find out what is the problem !! and this book do n't teach you how to find out what is the problem and instead of this , this stupid book will make suffer more of these things especially when doing some long examples in this bookI am sure that this book do n't worth a single penny
 Although I 'd not used Flash before , I have used many graphics apps before , and have been using a computer for some time . Perhaps this has soemthing to do with why I came away from this bok feeling insulted.The book provides no concrete samples or projects , gives no real sense of accomplishment , and yet manages to take up 300 pages . How is this ? By tediously overexplaining things and going into absurd detail over things that frankly , should already be second nature to anyone intending to create with Flash . An example - taking an entire page to explain and instruct on contextual menus . That 's right , an entire page to explain that if you click your right mouse button , you will get a list of options particular to whatever you are clicking on.The videos on the CD are equally as tedious , with the author speaking at a snail 's pace , never really accomplishing much of interest.If you are completely new to graphic applications and generally adverse to / afraid of poking around an interface without hand-holding , this book may be useful . At the same time , if that describes you , do you really want to be jumping into Flash in the first place?I found this book immensely frusterating and very dissapointing . Next time , I will buy a book that comes reccomended , rather than the one that was in the 30 % off Bargain Bin .
 Okay , as far as flash books goes this is just like all the rest . Giving you your basic info on Flash 5 . No big deal . Whats totally missing with this book is the companion CD has some lessons , but there more like very quick explanations of how to create certain elements in flash . The explanations are to quick to follow and at the same time the CD comes with know . fla files for you to follow along in flash while you view the movies . This would have been great to see as an addition is the actuall files so that you could try out what the heck this guy is talking about . Another thing I have problems with is this guy just does not impress me with his teaching act . He 's just to goofy . For some reason I just could not wrap myself around his personality . . Get someone who has a presence . Someone you can say this guys for real ... Hire an actor or something ... Id have to say this is just another quick release book and the virtual classroom aspect is not up to par ... . If you can get the book for ... its worth it I guess for a first time book , but if youve already bought a few flash books and your looking for something with some guts and very finely tuned tutorials to follow along and really get what there saying , this is not the book ... . Bubba
 This book was a serious disappointment . You would think a book about Flash would USE Macromedia flash for the tutorial CD - just like the tutorials that come with flash do in the help files . NO , instead you get a RIDICULOUS Real-video presentation with the poor author babbling uncomfortably in the corner of the screen , completely out-of-sync with what is going on in the Real-Media movie of the flash interface -LRB- not an actual flash interface ! -RRB- . Also , the book is slow , tedious , and under-informative too . Every simple action lists a dozen steps describing the micro-actions that make up the step . It 's almost like describing a mouse-click like this :1 . Raise hand2 . Extend hand toward mouse3 . Rest hand on mouse4 . Extend index finger forward5 . Apply pressure with the same index finger upon the left button of the mouse , being careful not to affect the right button . Do not move the wheel on the mouse , should you have one . -LRB- Some mice have wheels on them to allow for vertical scrolling in a window from anywhere on the screen -RRB- .6 . Depress the button .7 . Pay attention for an audible `` clicking '' sound .8 . Release the button . < / P > I do n't intend to be mean - the author seems like a nice person , but I expect to get what I paid for - and I did n't . Maybe the editors need to get their act together or something.Big thumb down .
 This book is short , remedial , and useless . I found one intermediate level tutorial -LRB- scrolling text boxes -RRB- . Even for a beginer book , there just is n't enough information . Visual Quickstart Flash 5 is much better , and better still is the entire Friends of Ed series , starting with Foundation Flash . The only thing worse then this book are the jokes told by the `` professor '' in the virtual classroom .
 This screenplay shows the authors have writing talent , but that it is not very developed yet . William Goldman helped write this screenplay , and even HE did n't think it was that great a screenplay -LRB- as he says in `` Premiere '' magazine -RRB- . I know it won Oscars for the writers , but then Sylvester Stallone was once nominated for a best-acting Oscar ... what does that tell you about the award ? I think this screenplay showed promise , and I hope the writers try to develop their skill further , so that one day they may write a good screenplay . But winning an Oscar , they may think they do n't need to improve , and that would be bad for them and movie audiences , both .
 I did n't think this was that great . I read this in one night and I was not impressed at all .
 Having seen the movie and read the screenplay , I can never fail to understand how something like this was ever taken seriously . There is absolutely nothing original here ; the writing is shallow , tedious and unbelievably hackneyed and I marvel that such mediocre talent could be so hyped , so gushed over and can only wonder how such ` writing ' could ever have been made into a movie let alone win an Academy Award ! It baffles me completely.Incidentally , there is much whispering in industry circles that Affleck and Damon did n't really even write this screenplay . Instead it was the result of a collaboration between Gus Van Zant , Robin Williams , William Goldman and Rob Reiner . As a matter of fact much of William 's comedic dialogue was actually improvised , yet authorship was , strangely , still credited to Affleck and Damon - probably for unknown publicity and marketing reasons.The fact that these two have not produced any screenplays worthwhile since tends to verify suspicions about their real and minimal contributions to Good Will Hunting .
 Why , you ask , would anyone rate this screenplay a mere 3 ? I mean , there 's that searing NSA monologue ... that alone is worth a 10 ! But wait ! In spite of a lengthy quotation from that monolog in Amazon.com 's review -LRB- soon to be removed , I hope -RRB- , NONE of that monolog is included in the book being sold here!Certainly I expect there to be differences between a screenplay and what appears on the screen ; however , film-only material should not be included in a review of a published screenplay without clearly stating that the material appears only in the film version .
 I have read many of this author 's books and enjoyed most of them ; indeed some are , in my view , in the 5 star/keeper category . Not this one . I admit I gave up after page 75 . The stilted , silly dialogue , the ridiculous over-done cardboard characters and the wholly unbelievable plot was too much and , frankly , I was not prepared to waste my time plodding through something that had already bored me to tears . The author seemed to have found a plot she could not properly bring in line and then populated it with characters who could not catch my attention . It was , sadly , for me a huge , huge disappointment . Hopefully this is a one-off aberration !
 Where to start . Okay , enter `` Bride '' , the `` heroine '' -LRB- loose use of the term -RRB- , atypical for the part . She is a boring pushover , idiotic , weak of character , whiney , self-deprecating , irritating at best and obsessed with the fact that she is nearly the size of two heriones -LRB- size 18 -RRB- yet does nothing about it except express excuses , self pity , and low self expectations.In the opening chapters of the book she is dumped by her ` boyfriend ' of five years via Fed Ex and she is ` devasted ' . Apparently she is quick to recover , however , because inside of 30 minutes she 's `` having the longest climax of her life '' with a complete stranger in her shop . There was no chemistry build up to this scene . I do n't believe a stranger buying her a necklace constitutes conjugale rights . Not my idea of `` romance '' . Where is this woman 's self worth?The man , Vane , -LRB- much more appealing in his short stints in early novels -RRB- is the were-whatever . Throughout this book he conveniently gains new magical talents , chapter by chapter , to the point where he is nearly invincible , -LRB- yet inexplicably still concerned for his safety ? -RRB- Okay ... if you buy all that , Bride spends the rest of the book vascillating between obsessing on her old boyfriend , and wondering `` Why '' Vane wants to be with her . -LRB- This is a role model for large women ? Sherrilyn you should be ashamed of yourself for slathering Bride with every cliche that is associated with the same . -RRB- The lack of free-will for Vane only adds to the insult here . Even he is n't sure if he is with her because he loves her , or because the `` Fates '' deemed it so . If he choses otherwise , he would be celebate until the day she dies ... what choice do you think he will make here ... Vane spends the rest of the novel in what appears to be `` old home week '' with characters flashing in and out of each chapter , people flashing here and there , food flashing in and out , clothes flashing on and off , etc.As with the last book , the real climax of the story takes place about 100 pages before the book ends . The rest of the story is meandering filler which includes ... are you ready for this ... all the were-whatevers dancing the MACARENA ... Everytime I would try and get beyond the self-deprecating thoughts of Bride long enough to try and find some value in the story , the author would use lines such as `` She could n't stop blubbering . '' Based on the cliches for large women that are rampant in the book , I really do n't believe that Kenyon has done anyone any favors with her portrayal of Bride.My pet peeves with her writing in no particular order : * Maybe it 's just me , but I find the constant references to her other works and websites in these books extremely cheesy . * Sophomoric sex talk * Two dimensional characters * NO Romance - only Gratuitous sex * Inconsistencies from story to story * Juvenile dialog * Riddled full with clichesI really did n't care for any of the characters in this book regardless of their size and shape , not even the bit players . I plugged through it to end the agony . I read the first five and loathed them . This one I liked even less.I 'm mystified by the high reviews for these books ...
 The prologue had me interested , but the meeting between the hero and heroine totally blew it for me . I can forgive what , to me , was very juvenile dialogue in something like Twilight , which made up for that in tension , but this is an adult book and Twilight is probably the only YA series I will ever trudge through . I guess a girl in her twenties might still be in that really awkward stage but I would n't be able to socialize with her which left me wondering why the hero would . OK , so she 's a bigger girl ... why ca n't she set an example and be proud of who she is ? Just a thought .
 You know how you finish a short story and think `` This would have been better as a novel . '' ? In this case , this would have been better as a short story . It just kept dragging on and on . In addition , Kenyon has taken a pre-established alpha-dog -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- character and turned him into a whishy-washy wimp . I did n't even like him in this book when his appearances in previous books practically had me panting . This was the deciding factor for me that no Kenyon book was worth running out to buy the day it comes out . I wait on the library.On a side note , Simi is the most annoying literary character ever created . She is on par with JarJar Binks .
 Why would Book 6 of the series not be in Kindle format when all the rest are ? Amazon please get it togetyher , very simple fix . If you list 1 book -LRB- or in this case 9 + -RRB- of a series , please include them all .
 I can not begin to describe the innumerable trailer-type characteristics of the heroine . She has no dignity or self-respect and spends most of the novel in abject subservience to the power of the Were-Hunter wallet . But she does it all through free-will . So that makes her acceptable . Not.Even the parts of the story not focused on the romance continue the trailer theme with the hero at serious loggerheads with his father . In fact , fathers hating sons is a signature of the Dark-Hunter series.The whole novel is about dysfunctional relationships and experiences . ` No good deed goes unpunished ' is a saying that appears in the story . What on earth is that about ? How negative and miserable.However . I am determined to finish reading this book . Despite the fact it 's extremely tough going . Why on earth did that stupid woman stay with a partner who treated her like dirt for 5 years ? Why is so much of the novel devoted to Bride 's petty squabbles with her former partner?About half-way through the adventure kicks in which makes for a much more interesting read . What I like about the Dark-Hunter world is that it 's basically a very sociable world . The guys go to bars , drink , have fantastic tatts , live in each other 's houses and all know Ash and Simi . But Bride does n't get any better . And actually I 'd like the DHs a lot more if they were n't all so very very handsome.It turns out that Bride is actually a daughter of the state 's most successful veterinarian . -LRB- !!! -RRB- And she tries to justify her relationship with her former disrespectful partner like this ; '' ... sometimes we let other people treat us wrongly because we want to be loved and accepted so badly we 'd do anything for it . '' Pardon me ? That is the philosophy of criminals , doormats , women who like to victimise themselves and hookers . If you have self-esteem you do n't ` do anything ' for some idiot 's 3 minute love . By the end of the novel Bride is still fat and ugly . Nothing wrong with that . But her self-esteem is still totally dependent on another person ; Vane . Get therapy sister.This novel is not an enjoyable read at all . But I know many readers will disagree . Never mind .
 Kenyon is a real `` hit and miss '' author . I have decided her books fall into 3 categories - `` Buy , '' `` Borrow '' and `` Do n't Bother . '' This books is a do n't bother , because it 's just irritating with a big `` ick factor . `` The entire book is essentially `` really hot studyl guy has the hots for an obese woman . '' Yeack . It 's very difficult to like a character who likes nothing about herself and just feels sorry for herself . Several of Kenyon 's characters - -LRB- such as Grace in book 1 and Sunshine in book 3 -RRB- are described in rather unflattering terms , but in this book Kenyon takes it to a whole new level , and NOT in a good way .
 Looking for something light to read between the last Dexter novel and the upcoming Vince Flynn , I pulled this one off the shelf . My Wife likes Kenyon , so I thought I 'd try one . Unfortunately , I realized about 100 pages in that I had already read this one before . What total trash ! Oohh , he 's so sexy . Oohh , I ca n't wait to get in her pants ... '' Blah , blah , blah . The unfortunate part is that it starts off almost interesting . But , it falls quickly after the prologue . Its a book about nothing , without Seinfeld 's wit.Basically , all we have here is a writer detailing her leather-clad , bad-boy -LSB- ... -RSB- for her readers , like all her other books . She came highly recommended , but I would never pick up one of her books again . Just creepy-bad !
 The sex scenes are quite disturbing . Especially when the heroine is a size 18 . Maybe the author is trying to reach out to the plus size women and I totally get the point , you do n't have to be stick skinny to live in this world , but this a romance novel and I 'd like the author to at least keep the heroines the dress size they usually wear.She also has to be more convincing on how a classic handsome looking heart throb managed to fall in love with a woman such as Bride . She just seems a little plain .
 I love Sherrilyn Kenyon 's four Dark-Hunter novels that have been released so far . I really think that she should just stick to writing those and abandon these spin-off series . I absolutely detested her short Dream-Hunter story from last year and I do n't think this first full length Were-Hunter novel is much better . Many times I almost put the the thing down for I could n't see the point . Sometimes I would even flip to the back , start reading the teaser from the next DH book , and wish Night Play would magically morph into that one.When Kenyon writes for her Dark-Hunter series I expect cool , action-packed plot lines and characters that leap off the pages . Unfortunately , Night Play 's plot is as skimpy as Brittany Spears ' thong and the heroine is so tedious and annoying I want to drown her in a bathtub.Meet Bride McTierney , the plus sized heroine that everybody 's wetting their panties about . I sure wish I had n't . If Bride is supposed to empower women who have meat on their bones , we live in sad , cruel world indeed . Bride is a insulting joke . I know many people have body image issues . Heck , I wish my thighs were slimmer and I could shave off ten pounds really quick , but I do n't spend all day thinking about it . Bride is a character that is solely defined by her body image issues and her own insecurities . It almost seemed like for every page of action , there were two pages of Bride whining about what an unloveable lard-butt she is . Maybe I would be more sympathetic if Bride started dancing with Richard Simmons instead of doing her tedious pity party thing all the time . Even worse is Kenyon making Bride come across as a complete loser , from Bride 's involvment with her jerk wad ex-boyfriend who she stayed with because there was no one else to her being stood up at the prom for being a ` fatty ' to her OWN sister ridiculing her while Bride takes it like a doormat . The only thing I can figure is that Kenyon made Bride the world 's toilet bowl so getting the studdly hero would make her victory over all the naysayers who treated her badly would be sweeter . Of course , the perfect chippendale hero that serendipity provides for her , Vane thinks her cellulite is the sexiest thing ever and through his sexual healing , Bride gains her self-esteem . I just think there is something really condensending to all that.There is a really skimpy subplot about Vane 's wolf-pack wanting to kill him and an indepth delving into of Vane 's non-stop tragedy of a past . The crux of the book is Bride wringing her hands and worrying in between bouts of lovemaking if Vane can love her and her blubber . I start wondering if it 's really her personality and not her weight that 's the cause of her problem with men , so do n't look a gift horse in the mouth , sweets . There is also some ridiculous subplot about Vane worrying about how she will react to him being a werewolf . I mean , Bride hangs around with the Deverauxs , knows Kyrian and Acheron , and her dad even knows about the were-Hunters . How can she not have a clue about the supernatural stuff !? If the Dark-Hunters want to keep their war with the Daimons secret that need to do a much better job of hiding themselves cause it seems like all of New Orleans knows about them.Even the vibrant side-characters could n't save this book . Normally I 'd be thrilled to Acheron , Simi , and the rest but this time they only enforce what a tedious character Bride is .
 `` Night Play '' is a Romance novel with fantasy elements and a fantastic hook . The leading man , V. , is a handsome young werewolf . The leading lady , B. , is an average woman -- average income , average education , average looking , slightly overweight , and self consious about her appearance -- just like most readers -LRB- hurrah , not another anemic chick -RRB- . B. is working sales in a store , depressed because her scum boyfriend dumped her . V. walks into the store , is immediately smitten , and comforts her . Wow , what a great beginning ! The first three chapters are 5 star material.Alas , the rest of the book stinks . Each chapter gives V. one more magical super-power ; and introduces 2 to 5 more support characters , most of them powerful allies . Each new support character is well described & interesting -- and drops out of the story in a couple chapters , to be replaced by someone else . This story is so overwhelmed by support characters that the main couple fade into the background.By half way through the book , V. has so many magical powers & powerful allies , that the antagonists are no longer a threat . V. acts nervous , but it is n't convincing . By the end of the book , V. can travel through time , teleport anywhere , magically prevent people from getting killed -LRB- even if they receive fatal blows -RRB- , and last long enough in the sack that any real person would get borred.Sherrilyn Kenyon 's other Dark-Hunter Novels are enjoyable reads -- get one of the others , instead of this one .
 I am a fan of Kenyon 's DH series and have read almost all the others and so was quite surprised to find this one dull and lifeless throughout . While the male lead -LRB- Vane -RRB- is typically wonderful , the female lead -LRB- Bride -RRB- is consistently nervous , frightened , whiney and completely ineffectual in that all she does through the story is tag along quietly , never actually doing anything at all , let alone contributing anything important . The love scenes are totally lacking in pizazz , or indeed any emotion at all . Kenyon can do much better than this -LSB- see Seize the Night , Winterborn , Fantasy Lover , etc. -RSB- No matter how well Vane treats Bride , how sweet , generous , giving , accepting , and noble he is , she is unable to rise above her whiney fear to actually give him anything back or contribute to the relationship in any way . She lacks personality , having neither strength -LRB- like Amanda and Grace -RRB- , humour -LRB- like Tabitha -RRB- , or loyalty -LRB- like Astrid , Maggie and Danger -RRB- . Indeed , when pressed to come up with her positive attributes , the author and the male lead can only list her `` softness '' . Which , at dress size 18 , is not really surprising . I do n't have an issue with her weight one way or the other , and much has been made of how great it is to have a romantic lead who is not waif thin . That 's fine . But she is hardly a role model for real women as she spends the entire book obsessing about her weight and never just relaxes about it and moves on to developing any actual personality.An interesting point for those who feel Kenyon has done a service to large sized women by casting one in the role of female romantic lead
 I read a few pages of SK 's work in an anthology and had a lukewarm response so I made sure I looked at the best and worst reviews along with the excerpts featured here before I purchased . The book seemed to have the right elements in place :1 . Bride
 I read about the first six chapters of this book . It had the makings of a good plot , but I had to give up on it . The heroine whined so much about her weight that it was all I could focus on . I wanted to read a romance . Not a book about a girl with a weigh complex . I would have liked someone who was comfortable with themselves & less self obsessed .
 I am speechless . I usually consider myself to have an open mind but this pushes the limit of incredulity even for me . To publish electronic circuit diagrams and in the first operating instruction is -LRB- and I paraphrase -RRB- `` perform the salt cleansing and ask Jesus Christ to bless the apparatus and allow you to travel through time '' , which is more important ? That you get the electronics right , or the prayer?Leave your money in your bank account
 This is the worst book I 've read . How could anyone take him seriously ? It 's bad enough he seems to believe what he 's saying , but then someone writes a book about him and she sounds like more of a believer than him.I bought this thinking it would be funny , but it 's not even an amusing read .
 If i had to rate anything by , or having to do with Steven Gibbs , I would give it one star . I give it that rating for the fact that someone actually spent time to write about Steven Gibbs . I do n't doubt that he 's an intelligent man -LRB- he supposedly has a B.S. degree -RRB- . One , of many , things that confuses me is that he invented a `` working '' HDR -LRB- hyper dimensional resonator -RRB- and a Time Transponder . You can actually travel through time with these devices ! Oh wait , no you ca n't . To my surprise no one has ever had any proof that these devices work . These `` amazing '' devices look like they were built by twelve year old twins . Is say that because the devices are almost the exact same -LRB- with varying prices of course -RRB- . There are so many people that are basically followers of this man , buying all of his products and getting no results . I 'm not necessarily bashing Steven Gibbs , but more of bashing humanity for being dumb . I typed in Steven Gibbs in a search engine and read the articles that appeared on the page . I was disgusted at how many people are into the wonderous time travel devices . It seems like the need for time travel is turning into a religion . People need to understand the difference between real science and pseudo science . Anyone can sit in their basement and wrap up wires , diodes and switches in masking tape , glue it in a box and claim they 're from 3084 . But It takes a genius to sell it and make money . Now , I would like to appologize for the pungent stentch of sarcasm that was necessary to write about Steven L. Gibbs . I would also like to point out that if anyone has proof of this time travelling , quit your job ... you just turned into God . Overall , this book is a waste of time and money . You should spend your money on something great , like a Flux Capacitor .
 ummm ... where is the american kindle version ? fellowship and return of the king have kindle versions in the states ... please make two towers as well ... then i can give you money
 i did n't like this book because i thought it was scary
 I think if you are going to write a book about elves , do so . If you are going to write a book about dwarves , do so . But , to write a book about dwarves , elves , farries , gnomes , wizards , and dozens more creatures is a bad move . The language of this book is excellent . It is very discritve and flows wonderfully , but the differences betwen what an elf is , and what a gnome is , is confusing . The plot I think is predictable . The characters seem to make a long journey through a woods , tunnel , mountain and meet another species in every chapter .
 most boring book ever better of reading song of ice and fire this book is all bout walkin ca n't believe its so good chuck away its sux
 Tolkien wrote an undescrible book and it can not be done in any way and i think , that how his son tried to finish the whole series , is bad and he should n't have touched it because it 's J.R.R. 's not Christopher 's and he should have not killed the Dark Lord -LSB- Sauron -RSB- because evil must stay in the land of Middle-Earth because thats what gave the book meaning
 This book is SLOW . The characters are n't real at all , and they each have about 50 names . Take Aragorn for example
 All of you who believe that Tolkien 's works have any substance could not be more mistaken . The Return of the King is the perfect example of why Tolkien should never have been born . In the history of literature never has there been a book which has recieved more unworthy praise . Everything from its banal and totally meaningless plot to its incredibly idiotic and unimaginative characters miserably fail in masking one of the worst books of all time . Tolkien attemps to hide his lack of substance behind a transparent wall of deplorable descriptions and stupid childish songs . His entire series is a collection of rubbish in need of decomposing much like his reputation . It is about time that we did away with the rediculous notion that Tolkien has written a classic and simply accept that his life 's work is worthless nonsense . His work sucks , he sucks , and anyone who admires either is right down there with him . Lord of the Rings should crawl in a hole and die ... P.S. ~ This is a joke . LOTR is a master piece .
 I came into this book thinking it would be out-of-this world good , only to be disappointed . Maybe I had too high of expectations , or the fact that I had only read the Hobbit and the Two Towers , skipping the Fellowship of the Rings , might 've thrown things off . Maybe it was because I knew what was going to happen -LRB- destruction of the Ring -RRB- and could n't wait . I could n't stand the long drawn out fluff details of the book or C.S. Lewis style writing about the `` color of the landscape '' for twenty pages . I would give this book .5 stars because I only enjoyed 1/10th of the book -LRB- the last part of the book that really did n't have much to do with the earlier portion -RRB- , but the smallest rating a person can give is one . I would only suggest this book to people that have read the first three books in the series -LRB- people that would probably read this book as no matter what ... -RRB-
 The book arrived quickly and it was obvious it was never used . It was also OLD , as the pages are yellowed with age all around the edges . The cover ` cracked ' after the first chapter and I 'm hoping the book stays intact long enough for my 5th grader to finish it . I did not like that the cover image shown on Amazon -LRB- circa 2001 Peter Jackson 's movie -RRB- was not the version we received . The cover image on our book was a cheesy 70 's graphic , which explains why the book is in such brittle condition .
 To some , Tolkien 's greatest stregnth is creating a different world . To me , that is to some extent , his greatest weakness . He seemed to indulge that creativity too much in the third book . I found that the story and character development was greatly hampered by the constant description of locations . I know some love that aspect of the book , but to me , it made it unbearably slow at times . As soon as the action began , Tolkien would launch into detailed descriptions of places and their relation to other places . I could have skipped half this book and not have missed a thing . While I did enjoy the ultimate conclusion and happy ending , as well as the farewell between characters , this book largely could have been subsumed in the maps !
 It 's a shame to give this book only 1 star , so I gave it 2 . There was nothing good about it except that it had a bit less description than The Fellowship of he Ring and it took me less time to finish reading . I think the plot was sort of unclear and it was n't very interesting . The characters vere very unrealistic and unlikable to me . This book might be good if you 're older than I am . -LRB- My dad liked it . -RRB- It was difficult and boring for me .
 Why is this book not available on American Kindle yet ? This book will definitely get 5 stars when I can read it again . I 've read this series so often , I 've had to replace my books . I 've even watched the movie version -LRB- which I rarely do as they never compete with the books . I got my Kindle for Christmas this year and wanted to place this series on it just to find I could n't . what 's the deal ?
 The fact that US customers can buy Kindle versions of Fellowship , Return Of The King , The Hobbit and even The Silmarillion but NOT The Two Towers is ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS !! What possible reason could there be for excluding just the middle volume of a trilogy ???
 Is it okay that I did n't really like The Return of the King , or the entire Lord of the Ring Trilogy for that matter ? I feel like a fantasy fan failure admitting that , but just put the pitchforks down and hear me out.The Fellowship of the Ring was just okay for me . The Two Towers was difficult to get through and The Return of the King was pretty much the same . I had to force myself to finish . I 'm something of a completist . I had already put the time and effort into reading the first two and people kept telling me was that I had to read the last one , so I really tried to like it.The story is great . The characters , fantastic . I truly loved the movies . The books were something akin to torture , though . The names , the places and the descriptions were all lost on me . I would have needed a large cheat sheet to keep track of everyone and everything I was supposed to remember to follow the story . I constantly had to backtrack to figure who was who and to what they were referring . Strangely enough , the only thing I could keep track of was the different races of people . I suppose I could have gotten really into it had I read the trilogy as if it was a textbook , but this was supposed to be leisurely reading.The Return of the King dragged on and on with no end in sight . 85 pages of saying goodbye to one another is just overkill . The last many pages , on returning to the Shire , was the highlight of the entire trilogy for me , but could n't help overcome my distaste for the rest of the book.I know people love this trilogy and this book specifically . It 's constantly mentioned on favorite book lists and must read lists . I even understand how and why people like it -LRB- thanks to the movies -RRB- . Reading the books just did not work for me . At all . I think it may have hurt my brain .
 People have a love affair with Tolkien . People I admire and respect , not just bozos either , people who know good books and good writing and who say Tolkien works are the be-all and end-all of fantasy . Open your eyes.That might have been true when his works were first published . Tolkien deserves all the credit for putting fantasy on the map , for legitimizing the epic quest subgenre . But today , his books fall short when compared to contemporary works in the field.I think the reason for all the love is that people read The Lord of the Rings when they were young , and therefore look back at Tolkien with longing and nostalgia of better days . I read The Fellowship of the Ring when I was twenty-three , and The Two Towers when I was twenty-five , after having received a BA in English and beginning an MFA in Creative Writing . I ca n't , in good concious , say that any of his works match up with the powerful stories of George R. R. Marting and Terry Goodkind.Let 's look at this book specifically . The one thing I liked were the Ents . Aside from that , the structure of the book is all whacked . The first half is spent entirely with Aragorn and his crew . Frodo does n't even make it on stage until close to the last third of the book . Is this considered good , when your main character is not even present for the majority of the book ? The effect of Tolkiens structure is disorienting . Once getting to a certain point in time with one group of characters , he moves to the next group and recounts what happened to them through the same period of time . Why not intersperse their chapters and weave the events together?Once we finally do get to Frodo , the same problem persists as did in Fellowship
 I am not a fantasy fan but wanted to read this anyways - It took sometime getting through it . For some reason I liked the first one better
 For a criticer or reviewer to post a fair and honest review he or she has to take care not to get caught in the atmopshere of popularity of the title involved , likewise for the `` Lord of the Rings '' a novel cherished by Millions of readers . It has found itself into the collective memory of the European Mind and has become a firm part of Western culture.However , this should not misguide away from the fact that popularity does not stand for quality . Tolkiens imagination was unlimited , his passion unequaled , yet he was not a proffessionel Author and therefore his Books often suffer from a lack of Character description , depth , and descriptive climax . This is obvious in the Final Chapter of `` The Lord of The Rings Trilogy '' . It seems like Tolkien was so impassioned and involved in the Rising Climax that he forgot the basic pillars of creative writing . There is an interesting analogy between Biblical text and Tolkien narrative . For example all through the first half of his Novel Tolkien uses phrases such as `` Lo '' and `` they were amazed '' and `` he appeared unto them '' . These phraes used in the current context do not fit the particular storyline and narrative and slow it down , without adding suspense or depth to the story . Whole Chapters are filled with such writing and the reader often feels that he is attending a Bible session not a Fantasy story.The second Half of the story does not use this type of story telling and is therefore more involved with the reader yet it is lacking action , not depth . The End sequence where Saruman seems to have ensnared Hobbiton seems unnessesary and overstretched . Yet the conclusion of the Novel is mystical and somehow powerfull.Somehow Tolkien did not know how to add up all the pieces and this wasted a lot of imagination put to paper , cutting away most of the suspense and serioulsy harming the Readers involvement .
 I did not like this book , it seems as though Tolkien ran out of words , so he started describing things that did n't need describing . The whole boook was good till the middle , it started slowing down , till it became boring . I read the first book in the Lord of the Rings series , and I liked it . But it seems as if Tolkien lost all sense of anything interesting . Do n't bother to read this book .
 No , this book warrants more than 1 star , but this is to get the attention of anyone who 's getting ready to dive into this voluminous book and wants to know what to really expect -LRB- It seems most of the reviews here are written by people so captivated by Middle Earth , they do n't talk about this book based on its literary merits . -RRB- In a Nutshell : Pros :1 . This one reads a lot faster than `` Fellowship '' , in which it takes half the book to get to the Prancing Pony . Good plot twists and turns .2 . Incredible storytelling , character development , and background history to the legends and mythos of middle earth .3 . Not as many songs as `` Fellowship '' ... good thing Peter Jackson exercised artistic license , or the movies would have been musicals.Cons1 . Sorry , lightning might strike me , but Tolkien is no Joseph Conrad ... the writing is stilted throughout ... but with a storyline this great , who cares .2 . If you are a hardcore fan of the movies there is some silliness throughout Jackson wisely removed from the movies . -LRB- Treebeard lives in a house and sleeps on a bed , and do n't forget the gay ranger , yellow jacket wearin ' Tom Bombadil from `` Fellowship . '' -RRB- Tolkien said it took him 7 years to write the trilogy , and when he finished , there was nothing more to tell ... an absolute masterpiece . Enjoy >
 I have read all three of the trilogy and a great number of other fantasy works . I have no choice but to say that while Tolkien made a indepth backrgound for his story that was all he did . Tolkien built a world , but he never wrote a story . I have never read a fantasy book less entertaining than these . He bores you with the details . Textbooks have fewer appendixes than his books . The only two redeming bits are the symbolism and world building . However , he missed one main concept , its all as borring as can be . Only a few obsessed people out there learn to speak elvish , for the rest of us he could have spent some time on an action scene and just written gibberish because thats all it is . His symbolism is certainly not deep enough to make the books worth reading either . The first and foremost reasons to write any book thats not a textbook is to entertain or make a point . He makes a simplistic point and keeps you saying , ` This sucks ! ' .
 I would encourage this book for people with high reading ability , to read this book . Two Towers ' is a very action packed book with lots of emotion and glory . Before you read this book you should be sure to read the book The Fellowship of The Ring or watch the movie so you can get some background information . I like this book because it shows the friendship of each other and their willingness to stay together . The hardships that they are faced with are very trying and testing of themselves . `` But if we hold true to each other we will do what needs to be done . '' This is a quote from the book . The two Towers ' is totally a book to read if you are into action and adventure .
 Michael Simmons12/09/03Pd .7 ReadingImagine given a magical ring that could destroy the entire world if the forces of evil get it , if you do n't destroy it . This is what Frodo Baggins had to do . This story is about a struggle for a ring of power in a place called middle earth . The two sides of the struggle are the free peoples and the forces of the dark lord called Sauron . Characters in the story are Frodo -LRB- a Hobbit -RRB- , Sam -LRB- also a Hobbit -RRB- , Legolas -LRB- an Elf -RRB- , Gimli -LRB- a Dwarf -RRB- , and Borimer , Arogon , Gandalf , Saruman , and Theoden -LRB- all Men -RRB- . The setting takes place in a place called middle earth . In middle earth there are many regions were these different people live . Like the Shire -LRB- where the Hobbits live -RRB- , Rivendel -LRB- where the Elves live -RRB- , Gondor , Rohan , and Isengard -LRB- where the Men live -RRB- , and all in the mountains live the Dwarfs and the Goblins -LRB- part of the evil side -RRB- , and finely where the Orcs -LRB- evil -RRB- live in Mordor . The plot of the story is that a dark lord called Sauron , a spirit , has his minion 's try to take the ring from Frodo . While he is doing that , armies of Sarumans from Isengard attack the people of Rohan . This is where the struggle of Rohan to survive comes in . Now the heroes have to split up.First , My over all opinion of this book is that it was a good adventure book but too many details . This book is a Fantasy book . The only way that this was a page turner book is because of the action.Last This book was Fantasy because none of the book was true . The book is part of a 3-book series , and this is the second one of the series . In conclusion , I recommend this book to people who can remember things .
 I spent alot of time finding the right version of this book so that it would match the other ones that I had . After spending a long while finding the book with the right design -LRB- because they make like a million versions of LOTR -RRB- , I bought it . When I received the book , it was n't the same book in the picture and now I have a mismatched set . Thanks a bunch Amazon
 `` The Stone of Time '' is the sixth and thankfully final book in the Young Adult fantasy series , Runesword . The story is continued by two previous authors , Rose Estes -LRB- known for her early D&D ; Endless Quest and Greyhawk novels -RRB- and Tom Wham -LRB- board game designer -RRB- . Different authors for each book seem to have been the theme for this series in efforts to quickly crank out more stories . While the authors may be different , the characters pretty much remain the same . Cal the warrior , Bith the sorceress , Hathor the troll and Endril the elf are all back together again on their sixth adventure . The Norse God Vili -LRB- Brother of Odin -RRB- once again tasks them in finding and destroying another Runesword in attempts to reclaim more of his divine power . In a last ditch attempt to halt the Dark Lord 's advancing army and wall of mist , the adventurers must find and journey to the fabled city of Abaton where the legendary Stone of Time is kept . By obtaining and learning to use the stone Bith hopes that she can alter the past so that the Dark Lord 's forces never exist . Here are my thoughts on The Stone of Time ; Pros + Quick and easy read . + Cover by Larry Elmore.Cons < Contains SPOILERS > - Story jumps around too much and never really focuses enough on one thing . A common occurrence in this series . - Cover art never actually occurs in the story . The characters do meet such creatures but are never actually attacked by or fight them . - Hathor 's mother is named Gething in one chapter then Gethring in the next . Where was the editor ? - The `` Dark Lord '' is remained almost completely faceless and not really a character , just a name . - Bith and Cal 's squabbling is still persistent and annoying . Quite possibly two of the most annoying characters I 've ever read about in a fantasy series . - Extremely abrupt and clich&eacute; ending . I never saw an army defeated so quickly and easily . Everything was way too convenient . - At the end of the book it 's revealed the Runesword was a fake and the group was tricked by Loki . Then Gunnar Greybeard shows up on behalf of Vili and requests the group to search for another Runesword . What ? How exactly is this a conclusion ? To me it seems the series was just cancelled after the sixth book was finished . - No world map.The cover of the book boasts `` The Thrilling Conclusion to the Epic Adventure Series . '' Now if you 've read the entire series you ca n't help but laugh at such a statement . The Stone of Time was pretty much on par with the previous books in the series . The story is loosely connected and the authors do make mention of the Outcasts previous adventures . My main issue with this series is believing the group of four characters stays together . Sure they 're united at the beginning of each book by the god Vili to recover another Runesword , but beyond that it 's sometimes difficult to see them adventuring together . Regardless , the books are short , easy reads so I continued the series to see what the other authors could contribute . Sadly , it was n't much .
 AND DO N'T EVER BUY A SINGLE BOOK OF THIS SERIES ... THE SERIES IS AT BEST MEDIOCRE , BUT THE FINAL NOVEL ENDS WITH THE GREATEST ANTICLIMAX THAT COULD EVER BE CONCEIVED . THIS SERIES SHOULD BE FORGOTTEN , ALONG WITH THE REST OF THE THINGS YOU THROW IN THE TRIZASH
 Not exactly written by a savy Flash5 user .
 I hate to say it , but this was not this author 's best effort . I found the reviews of the battles very high level and some of his conclusions go against what I have read in other books . The title of the book accurately describes the contents of the book . The writing was really not that inspired either , sure these types of books tend to be from the war college point of view , but his writing is not even that entreating . I guess I should get the author some slack in that this book is probably more geared for a general overview , even though I still felt it was lacking in that regard .
 First published shortly after the death of Judy Garland in 1969 , this book attempts to show the true personality of the legendary performer . Written in a manner that points all criticism for the failure of Garland 's CBS Television series to her , and away from him and others behind the scenes , Torme instead shows how much bitterness he still had 5 years after the demise of the show . Inaccuracies abound throughout the book and , after reading it , you feel Garland was a shameless has-been . Nothing could be further from the truth . As testament one only needs to view the recently released DVDs of the complete television series which show Garland as a powerful entertainer who elevated show after show to something quite entertaining even today . For a better view of Garland and the TV-series , read `` Rainbows End '' by Coyne steven Sanders - a book that puts you center stage for all of the shows , and behind the scenes for all of the intrigue that helped doom the show . ` The Other Side of the Rainbow ' is a poor choice of reading material to learn about the magic that is -LRB- still -RRB- Judy Garland .
 What an a ## !! ... and a bitter one at that . What kind of man writes about someone who is , to many , still the worlds greatest entertainer , so shortly after her tragic death ... or for that matter ... after her death period ... I would hazard a guess he was the worlds greatest coward . Demons , Ms. Garland most certainly had , though ... she proved relentlessly that when it came to her public ... her fans ... her art ... she could and would rise above them ... as she so stunningly proved to the world with her CBS show in 1963-64 -LRB- Save your money and purchase the DVD collection of her CBS sitcom -RRB- ... It was n't , as ... umm ... what 's his name again ? ... her fault the show ended ... but rather a constant and intolerable assault by the powers of CBS ... and even , perhaps . . what 's his name ... though I rather doubt he had any type of power to do such a thing.Years from even now , 2006 ... people will remember the great Judy Garland ... and still wont know what 's his name or what he even did ... I hope Ms. Garland has finally found the peace she never did in her lifetime ... what a tragic waste ... and she is still missed ... even so many , many years after her death.Save your money ... this book is only good for starting a fire in the fireplace .
 There are several other books , that are over 2 years old that do the same job as this book . As an SOA enthusiast , you probably own or have read several of them already . . why bother with another one ?
 This book makes no sense . It is written poorly , and is hard to understand.Don ' t buy it !
 No matter how well-written , this book is years out-of-date It is copyrighted 2002 , and only covers XSLT and XPath 1.0 . XSLT and XPath 2.0 were officially adopted several years ago -LRB- 2007 ? -RRB- , and some products started using it based on draft standards a couple of years before that . There are significant differences that I will need to apply in my XML transformations , so this book is going back . I wish I had not been satisfied enough by the positive reviews to not notice the copyright date nor lack of mention of XSLT 2.0 .
 Terrible - a long whining expose of poor-poor Rachel 's BPD . Frankly it struck me more like-Rachel 's rather a spoiled rich kid brat who grows up to be nasty spoiled bratty wife . She blames all her issues on BPD . The book was poorly written , one long overly melodramtic tale of endless whining and self pity . Bleeeh ... do n't read it .
 The book 's title says it all - I 'm the victim , and , damit , I want out ! No mention of maturity or responsibility whatsoever . I 'm a male BPD and am angry at the oblique , reverse bias so obvious in this book . She throws a tantrum and gets ` support ' !?! I can only dream of getting all the help I need and ca n't get away with the things she does . Support is something I have to give myself in trying to recover.All I can say is that it must be nice to have money , and I 'm not liberal . Seems that only women can show emotion - when men do it , they get thrown in jail .
 I have never written a review on here before , but having just finished this god-awful book , I am moved to . This may be the WORST book I have ever read ... the writing is flat , boring , redundant and Reiland explains every little thing to the reader to make sure they `` get it '' -LRB- even simple things like the meaning of every possible bit of symbolism in a dumb bear she gave her therapist -RRB- . By the end of the book , I honestly wanted her husband to leave her -LRB- with her poor kids -RRB- and for her therapist to call the cops . Mental illness is one thing but for Reiland , it seemed like she just did n't want to take responsibility for her actions and her husband and therapist enabled her to be a giant turd .
 I usually enjoy psychology-related books , but this one was ridiculous ! It was looong and tedious , and her drama queen behavior is downright embarassing . If I ever acted like she did , my husband would be out the door ! He must be a fool . I 've never come across anyone who is as full of herself as this woman is . I highly doubt this book can actually help anyone .
 I listened to this book , got it free from audible actually , & all I say is
 `` Get Me Out of Here '' was a big letdown for me . Memoirs on mental illness tend to make for interesting , and gratifyingly perplexing reads , yet Reiland 's account of a generally interesting disorder is rather like a whitewater rafting trip done in a stagnant bog.The length is probably the largest fault with this book . Perhaps as a psychotherapy patient , Reiland felt uninhibited in jotting down EVERY-FRIGGIN-THING in her life . Dr. Padgett -LRB- Reiland 's shrink -RRB- may have encouraged such boundlessness . I as a reader found it painfully dull . If you like going to Phish concerts which go on for eternal lengths of time , this book may be up your alley . Me , I wanted to go to the garage for a pair of pruning sheers to snip out almost half of this book.I also hate to be the one to say this , but Reiland 's writing is completely unoriginal and flat . Locating metaphors and , jaw dropping , emotion evoking creative language in this book is like panning for gold in Florida . Little bounty is yielded.Strangely enough , for somebody who suffers from borderline personality disorder -LRB- a disorder whose major staple is marked by unpredictable behavior -RRB- , Reiland 's writing quickly falls into an easily mappable , redundant pattern . Here 's a hint
 I picked up this book for both my BPD significant other and for myself . The title was hopeful and uplifting -- the read was anything but . It is what it claims to be , minus the HOPE that you would expect to feel after reading this . It was like being thrown down the rabbit hole into the BPD sufferers mind . It gives no hope . Let me repeat . No hope . I would have liked to have seen some hope at the beginning of each chapter , maybe about how she views things differently now , and then it would have felt safer to follow the author down the rabbit hole of mental illness . The author did n't do that though , so reading it was no different then enduring the rages of the person in your life who has BPD . I could n't read this book in large doses for the mere fact that HOPE is not sprinkled throughout the pages at all . Misery and the pain and drain is . I wanted a detailed account of what she went through but with some safeguards and reminders that she is okay now . I did n't get that at all . I highly suggest that people suffering from BPD do not read this book until they are well on their way to recovery -LRB- or perhaps never read it -RRB- as my significant other launched into a rage after reading a few chapters and now uses the author to illustrate how her distorted views are accurate because `` Rachel felt that way too . '' This book is not helpful to the non-BPD unless you are a glutton for punishment , nor is it helpful for BPD 's . The way the book was structured was reckless and did not take into account the reader .
 I can not believe this book got so many good reviews . The psychiatrist that she praises so much was obviously a coN and abusive person . It hurt me to even read about what he and the hospital staff have done to her . Just like One Flight over a Coockoo 's nest . The behavior of healthcare workers was completely inappropriate and abusive . Their licenses should have been taking away for treating a patient in such way .
 After having been diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder -LRB- as well as Severe Depression -RRB- , I have bought and read many books on Borderline Personality Disorder including `` Borderline Personality Disorder Demystified '' , `` DBT - Marsha Linehan workbook '' , I hate you dont leave me '' , Stop walking on egg shells '' , `` Lost in the mirror - an inside look at Borderline Personality Disorder '' , `` Sometimes i act crazy '' and others including online resources ... ok , i am now only 77 pages away from finishing the 436 page book by Rachel Reiland `` Get me out of here - my recovery from Borderline Personality Disorder '' . Unlike all the other books and resources i have read , the more i read this book , the angrier i am getting !!!! let me explain my reasons . . As i started reading her book , the first few chapters i could relate too , she was hospitalised `` because she would go for walks during the night !? '' she threw things at the nurses and ended up in seclusion because she would punch walls etc. . i understand that , i can relate to that . . so i read on . . the more i read the more i started disliking the book to the point i would slam the book down on the bedside table cursing her for writing it!Sure she had anger issues -LRB- anger outbursts -RRB- , she was anorexic , manipulative , had gender issues -LRB- wanting to be a male though she was female -RRB- and having problems with her family as a child . However i strongly believe she DID N'T have BPD , rather she was an angry , manipulative , Nymphomaniac . . thats all!All through the book , it focuses on her and her relationship with her therapist ... she was never further hospitalised , she would talk about her therapist as if he was god almighty , and then other times would hate him to the point she even put a threatening note on her therapist 's car window telling him she knew his car , and where he lived and she would get him -LRB- which any normal person would have reported to police ! -RRB- . I found i was simply reading about her therapy sessions with no real emphasis on talking about how therapy was helping her or what they focused on during therapy , she seemed to just briefly mention what happened in the therapy sessions but more specifically focused on her missing him when he was n't around for her , even ringing him during emergency hours with non emergencies.Towards the end of the book , she is in therapy and is trying to give herself an orgasm in front of her therapist ! and he simply sits there and watches her ! That is highly inappropriate ! Then all of a sudden when you find yourself boring with the book 's contents , it changes direction , from the last chapter of her giving herself an orgasm to suddenly the next chapter being `` recovered '' and normal . All during a christmas break -LRB- away from therapy -RRB- . . It never discusses HOW the therapy helped her recover . . Sure , she may have had some BPD traits , but i dont ' beleive she actually had BPD ... the characteristics of BPD are -LRB- and i have noted my views on the characteristics pertaining to her recollection at the end of each characteristic -RRB- ... 1 . frantic efforts to avoid real or imagined abandonment . Note
 I think my problem with this book is that the author is so cruel and selfish it 's difficult to care whether she recovers or not . She hates her husband , hates her kids , hates her therapist , hates life , hates herself and on and on ... Her misery and self loathing seem completely justified . But she 's nowhere as sick as her husband who does n't stand up to her abuse of the entire family . He 's the one who really needs therapy.I 'm halfway through the book . It 's been a struggle but I paid for it and I 'm going to read every torturous page !
 I bought this book because I was diagnosed with BPD when I was 19 -LRB- I am 27 now . -RRB- I was looking for a story that I could relate to , and this author is a young , married adult with two young children - perfect ! I was beyond curious to know how others with BPD managed the demands of motherhood and family life.Unfortunately for me , I gained little insight -LRB- note
 I picked this book up the other week and was quite looking forward to reading it as it sounded like a great memoir.My advice is this ; if you 're going to read this book be prepared for a very long -LRB- nearly 500 pages -RRB- rather dull and quite repetitive read . It seemed as though 80 % of the book consisted of descriptions of Reiland 's angry , out of control screaming matches with her patient-as-a-saint psychiatrist . I felt like I was reading the same thing over and over again and it becomes rather boring.I have to say that the only thing that kept me reading is my interest in the process of Reiland 's recovery from BPD and my hope that I would read of some sort of major transformation . However , overall I just found the book rather shallow , and although it IS indeed a memoir , I was continually irritated by Reiland 's overwhelming sense of narcissism and self-absortion . Definitley not recommended .
 The reviewer below who cited logical errors in Raschke 's thinking is dead-on , and he identifies a common larger fallacy in postmodern thinking - namely , inconsistent logic . It 's a favorite tool of the modern scholar to use straw men and ad hominems , because in so doing , they subtly trick their listeners into thinking they 've got the `` other guy '' 's number , then they go ahead and tear apart the argument.Personally , I 'd be wary of anyone who wants to marry Christianity and postmodernism , because the two worldviews are fundamentally opposed to one another . This book is slick , and Raschke 's a talented writer , but he 's wrong . A better -LRB- or at least complimentary -RRB- read on postmodernism is Groothuis 's `` Truth Decay '' , because he accurately represents both thought-systems .
 I 'm beginning my final semester in the M.A.-Philosophy of Religion program at Denver Seminary , and my first response to this book when I began reading it was , `` Can this really have been published under the auspices of Baker Academic Press ? `` The book is fraught with straw man fallacies , wherein Raschke misrepresents a position and then responds to his caricature instead of the view from which he derived it.Fallacies ad hominem are everywhere . He attacks so many different people , many of whom he accuses of being `` polemical , '' rather than addressing their arguments and ideas.Worse still is the lack of adequate citation -- Raschke has missed three footnotes in the first chapter alone , so not only is the authorship poor , but the editing needs help as well.Finally , and this must be said
 I 've been reading several of the tomes on the Emerging Church and the need to become `` postmodern '' . What I 'm Discovering is a lot of the `` Fourth Wave '' and New Age philosophies from the 80 's repackaged in a format that sounds vaguely Christian . The author lost me when he accused the evangelicals and the Rationalists of being the true Gnostics . To me the Author himself is the Gnostic .
 Forward
 . I would like to praise and commend Dr. Raschke PhD . on his recent book entitled , The Next Reformation.At first glance I thought the book was a fraud , but then I got to thinking . Of course I know , along with any thinking person , that someone with Raschke 's credentials could never seriously be promoting a confusing French salon , anti-rational , hippy-styled , New Age , postmillennial charismatic , circular faith-in-faith message . Since it was published as an Baker Academic series I knew the confusion had to be all mine - but what was I missing?Suddenly the light came on . Eureka ! This is , of course , a satire of purest brilliance - right ? Yes of course - what else . Applying postmodern literary theory to my reading I found all that was required for the book to make sense was the proper personal recontextualization of what the author only appeared to be saying.The struggle I was having with the book was nothing more than trying to apply the old notion that the author had an intend . Once I realized the author was `` dead '' in the metaphorical sense I jumped right in and became the author myself . It was like going to a 3-D movie and waiting half way through to put on the special glasses.In it he has exposed the witless farce of postmodernism , what the social commentator and humorist Gene Shepard use to call , `` Creeping Meatballism , '' in a way that no critique could by pretending to be writing in its support . This is a great example of classic Anglo-Saxon humorous satire that exposes by extending an issue into the absurd , which Raschke does with great skill and subtlety.It was pure genius how he seemed to capture the contradiction and schizophrenic drift of substance and style not to mention the sophomoric , arbitrary misuse of sources . Stringing together such persons as Tertullian -LRB- who was a follower of Montanus which might be the real starting point of all this anterior to Augustine . -RRB- to Luther -LRB- who did n't object to the Book of Revelations because he was n't interested in eschatology , as the author suggests , as much as his questioning its authorship and Christology which was a big un-pomo concern of his -RRB- and then , as the punch line , introducing Aquarian Conspirator Margaret Ferguson -LRB- how she slips into a book about why Evangelical Christians should do anything is beyond me -RRB- as proto-pomos I thought nothing short of confused - until I got the joke.Anyone thinking they might have postmodernist leanings need only read this book to be sent careening back into the arms of common sense if only to catch one 's breath . This book demonstrates a fresh and most original form of Christian apologetics in a post-Christian era . How better to jump-start the still viable parts of postmodernist gray matter than to cause it to dialogue with itself ? Such a ploy might be considered deceptive , mean-spirited or even cruel if it were not so badly needed.As a tool for evangelism the book transcends mere messages about hell and hopeless perdition by causing the reader to actually experience it as did the movie Memento cause us to experience short-term memory loss along with the protagonist.Finally , something else Dr. Raschke cleverly exposes is how contemporary philosophy has become the Wizard 's Apprentice of the going scientistic theory of the day . Whereas contemporaries of Einstein attempted to apply relativism to social morals , Raschke has convincingly demonstrated how postmodernists have paralleled quantum theory in literary critique by writing his own book simultaneously from ten different dimensions rather than following a single train of thought toward any discernable conclusion.Heisenburg 's Uncertainty Principal is handled as well in that any attempt to measure anything the author says seems to necessarily alter it . Further , the reader can try to imagine what larger point he 's trying to make or try to comprehend what he 's actually saying , but never at the same time.In the Next Reformation Raschke appears just a bit self-serving on more than one occasion but if my analysis is correct this is only an attempt to parody the postmodernist goal of the `` death of authorship '' with the `` death of readership '' by making authorship the sole object of writing . What Raschke is really telling us is that , through all the abstract convoluted metaphor , and the difficult , ultimately meaningless self-referential technical jargon , most postmodern writing is really about , `` READ ME . '' Of course he could have just told us that but what he did was make us feel it . Philosophy as theatre.The claims made by the author that postmodernism is the only serious intellectual method used these days or that it is sweeping the Evangelical seminaries is of course purposely exaggerated in order to challenge and even goad those academics to take a harder look at its roots with a rigor that has been lacking.Having some contact with Christian institutions of higher learning the message I 'm getting is that there are a growing number of academics who have already devoting the time to critically review the implications and are taking up the warning . Others still brush it off as a trend that will go the way of the Shaker movement , and for the same reasons.I think I finally get it -LRB- although I once thought that about Wittgenstein in younger days -RRB- and I 'm quite sure many others do as well , like the first contributors below that wrote that he actually enjoys the indiscriminate throwing of emotive pseudo-intellectual bombs into crowded class rooms like some anarchist . This can be nothing more than dry witty humor I 'm sure.I leave you with my favorite quote from Rorty
 I bought this book right when it came out and just checked back to see the reviews . As an Apps DBA I was expecting alot more from this book . In my opinion 95 % of the book is just filler with the largest sections of the book being about tunnig NT -LRB- for the users -RRB- and dealing with business people . Parts of this book might be a decent read if you are just starting to learn about Oracle apps , but a tunning book about Apps it is not .
 This was my first and very likely my last book by Delia Parr . ... it is interesting to note that there are only two reviews for this book , so what does that say for it ????? Why would poor Jane even consider marrying the man she did ?? Could n't she see his character since she had so many good qualities ??? This was such a boring book , I can not even continue . Sorry , folks . I 'm sure no one will ever see this .
 I was introduced to Lady in Waiting a few years back and I was intrigued by the idea of `` reckless abandoning to Jesus '' because it focused on ways a woman can become better and more appealing based on how she relates to God . However , under careful reading I noticed that the book is very legalistic in how women are to approach their relationship to God . The book falsely conveys Ruth as being rewarded and approved by God only for performing ideal tasks and behaviors . Lady in Waiting promotes a guilt-driven works oriented standard to live up to in order to gain God 's acceptance and maybe His reward -LRB- i.e. a husband -RRB- if He chooses to . The book is just not biblical based because many of the scriptures taken from Ruth -LRB- the book from the Bible -RRB- are wrong , twisted or out of context to fit the authors own ideas and objectives . It also seems like the authors neglect to reveal how through relationships good or bad , God is still able to move . Also that even if we fulfill this formula by becoming ... -LRB- Lady of Purity , Faith -RRB- we may still not be liked , desired , or acceptable to people even if we are them `` perfectly '' . We can not make ourselves holy only God can that is the purpose of having a relationship with Him through Jesus Christ . Also they try to subtly endorse the notion that Jesus can replace a woman 's natural desire to be with a man . This may work briefly , but in the long run if it was truly the case , go back to Genesis and see that God Himself when He was with Adam saw it 's not good for man to be alone and that 's why He created a helpmeet . God never promotes the idea of Him being our partner until someone comes along to `` take His place '' . I think that idea is diluted and pathetic . We are to worship God in truth and spirit . Lastly , the book weakly carries out its points and overly spiritualize concepts to the point of confusion .
 Our group is going through this book and at chapter 8 I have read enough to form a solid opinion . I wish I liked this book and the accompanying workbook , but it 's really bad.The writing is condescending , overwraught -LRB- `` your heavenly fiance '' and `` your knight in shining armour '' -RRB- , simplistic and repetitive.If you are looking for a bible study book , keep looking . If you want an excellent book on love relationships , I recommend C.S. Lewis ' The four loves .
 A lot of what was brought out , I have heard in the past . So , as a teenager or early 20s when you have n't heard a lot of the `` single '' talks , you will get a lot of insight from this book . It also helps to let you know that you can have a full life even as a single woman . Good Bible base , but several of the Ruth examples used , I felt were a little far fetched .
 How can a professor write a book about the Revolutionary War in South Carolina and not talk about slavery in some detail ? ... very bizarre.stay away and beware anyone who recommends this book . . which at times feels like just a chronological list of battles over a 24 month period in South Carolina .
 I was not impressed with this book . It is short -LRB- 140 pages of large print -RRB- . It lacks detail . It is simply a rehashing of some basic facts of the War in South Carolina . It appears more like a college term paper written by someone who read `` The Road to Guilford Courthouse '' than a well researched book from a College Professor . I read `` The Road to Guilford Courthouse '' only a few weeks before reading `` Partisans and Redcoats '' . Believe me , `` The Road '' is much , much better -LRB- only lacks maps . . but otherwise very good -RRB- . For someone in middle/elementary school or possibly high school Edgars work might prove satisfying . Perhaps someone with a limited interest in history might find it useful too . That is the only reason I gave it 2 stars . Get `` The Road '' instead .
 There are lots to like about this book . As the back cover says , it `` captures the heat , the fury , and the intense human drama '' of the Southern conflict . But I do n't trust what the author presents as `` facts . `` That is , some of his research relies on books that relied on dubious 19th century writers . Which means that Lt. Colonel Banastre Tarleton is painted as pure evil , from the first page we meet him . Example
 The work was entertaining and an easy read , but his account was very biased . Most historians ' aims are at a more objective view of thier topic , however Edgar fails miserbly . It is obvious that he wrote the book in a hurry to make money following the movie The Patriot . There were a number of errors and it is almost impossible to check his sources . He only cites paragraphs and will have three or four sources for each , forcing the reader to assume that he is offering an accurate account . Edgar also , places too much importance on Huck 's Defeat . While the battle did aid in raising the morale of the Patriots , it was not the essential link that led to the possibility of a battle at King 's Mountain . The subsequent victories were just as important , if not more so , to solidify the patriot 's confidence.Edgar 's account of the Waxhaw Massacre was truly embarassing . His version could have been written in the early to mid-1800s . If you want to read a more accurate account . One that is not as biased as Edgar 's version . Read `` The Road to Guilford Courthouse
 This book was a big disappointment . One suspects that the author hastily threw this book together in a misguided attempt to latch onto the coattails of Mel Gibson 's _ The Patriot _ . Edgar has made little use of the wealth of primary sources available on the subject , his analysis is stale , he offers no interpretive insights , and his prose is sloppy . In short , this book is a shallow , overly simplistic rehash of better work by better historians . Anyone interested in the Revolution in the South will find John Buchanan 's _ The Road to Guilford Courthouse _ , David Ramsay 's _ History of the American Revolution _ , the Revolutionary War romances of William Gilmore Simms , the work of Don Higginbotham , the books by Kenneth Roberts and Lawrence Babits on the battle of Cowpens , and Gregory Massey 's _ John Laurens and the American Revolution _ all much more rewarding . The best I can say about _ Partisans and Redcoats _ is that it is far shorter that Edgar 's _ History of South Carolina _ and therefore he has less space for politically correct claptrap .
 Most military histories of the American Revolution focus on the `` great '' battles , and give scant attention to recounting other , lesser engagements . However , those lesser engagements are often the best way of depicting the harsh and divisive nature of the war . In the Carolinas , for example , the war took on many aspects of a civil war within a war , as Loyalist militias , stiffened by British soldiers , took on Rebel militias in a brutal , back-country partisan conflict.This book attempts to describe that slice of the war by highlighting one engagement within it . That small battle , prosaically named `` Huck 's Defeat '' -LRB- after Captain Christian Huck , the Loyalist officer who lost his life in the fight -RRB- , was the first Rebel victory in the aftermath of the fall of the city of Charleston , and it is the opinion of the author that the importance small militia engagements like this one are overlooked . Huck 's Defeat , and several subsequent victories by partisans and militia units , convinced most locals to side with the Rebel forces and oppose the English . This , in turn , kept South Carolina in the war , and ultimately led to the Rebel victories of King 's Mountain and the Cowpens . The rest , as they say , is history
 I started to read this book with high hopes , but regrettably had to give it up . Although this book was written by a full professor at the Univ. of SC , it is nothing but a disappointment . In fact , given that an academic wrote it , I was very surprised to find the prose simplistic to the point that I had to check to see if it was written for younger readers , say 5th grade . It was n't . Edgar using short , vague , imprecise sentences which generalize far too much and read like a juvenile comic book . He offers no interpretive angles and rashes the secondary sources of many other historians . I do not see one notation in the sources in which he used the Nathanael Greene papers , or other primary sources . Seems like he wrote the book on a whim or to indulge a hobby , and it must be an embarrassment to the U of SC . The cover illustration is absurd-it appears to be a painting of a reenactment , not an actual event . The publisher included an engraving of what purports to be Banastre tarleton but most certainly is not . In short , I recommend avoiding this romantic , sentimental and unsatisfying book . I recommend instead books by Pancake , Merrill and Lumpkin on the same topic .
 This was the last in a series of books I read on the Revolution . It is disappointing in that it is a very broad summary of events in the South . In fact , it reads like a college paper overviewing several works without any real flavor of its own.If you want to read an excellent account of the war in the Southern Theater , get `` The Road to Guilford Courthouse . '' It is much better written and researched , and is in fact , one of the sources quoted by Edgar .
 If you only care about the opening and closing dates , who it was named after , and a one sentence reason as to why it was established , then this bare bones book is for you . Do not expect any other information OF IMPORTANCE here . No history of important engagements near or involving each fort is given , which I find incredibly negligent.Examples
 Thank God I ordered the Exam Cram from Amazon , and received it the day before I was to take the CCA exam . This book outright sucks , and the CD , well I 'd prefer that they stop enclosing that poor excuse for anything in the book . I passed the test today with an 80 , and probably 90 % percent of the questions on the test , I learned from studying that Exam Cram over a period of 4 hours , last night . One quick example
 This is one of the most poorly written books I have ever gone through . The CD and the exams that are in this book are horrible and about 25 % of the questions have incorrect or contradictory answers . Just find a deal on it or borrow the book for some of it 's review , otherwise I would suggest saving your money . This is a poor excuse for a cram/test-prep book . CD flew pretty far though , over my neighbor 's roof .
 This book was a horrible study guide . Although I passed the exam , there were plenty of discrepancies in the book , along with just plain wrong information . It 's a good thing that I had been working on Citrix for some time before I took the test !
 The study guide was mediocre . Poorly organized which detracts from the info that it has . The CD is useless . The exam on it has so many errors as to make it unreliable . At least 4 times I found questions where the explanation of the correct answer completely contradicted what they were saying was the correct answer . One question asked which OS could be used in a certain scenario and gave choices of Dos 6.0 , Win95 , Unix and Win3 .1 and gave the correct answers as WIN95 and Win3 .1 but the explanation of the answer stated that only Win95 , 98 , NT4 and Windows For Workgroups could be used . Win3 .1 IS NOT WINDOWS FOR WORKGROUPS . That 's Win3 .11 .
 The book contains valuable sources , is well documented , and presents some good information , but it has some unpleasantly conspicuous problems . This book presents a mono-causal reason at the tactical level of war for why the Confederacy lost which is overly simplistic . Analysis of conflicts and their resolutions can rarely by tied to one cause - causes are normally woven together and to analyze one thread without the others creates an artificiality which negates any sincere analysis . This book conducts a sterile study of war at the tactical level without the influence of strategy , operational plans , politics , or economics which gives questionable results.In the beginning of the book , the authors clearly state their thesis which is the only time that it is clear . They begin to present data in several different tables that are skewed . In presenting a case that the Confederacy suffered more casualties because they attacked more often , the authors include the 29,396 southern soldiers who surrendered at Vickburg -LRB- these soldiers were entrenched and never attacked -RRB- . There is sufficient evidence to support their case without skewing figures - this only lessens their credibility.After the first section , the thesis of the book seems to wander . Facts are presented but analysis is missing . Various issues of the war are well presented while others are biased and fail to present all of the evidence - some of the evidence does not support the thesis and some negates it . The combination of the rifle and fieldworks are proclaimed to be practically invincible . This becomes the primary thesis for most of the second section and the authors are more interested in proving this new thesis than supporting their original one . The South is accused of failing to learn from its attacks on entrenched positions while Gen Grant proceeded to charge them through the end of the war . Their logic is questionable , and they fail to ask if there were other reasons for these attacks . Did political pressure drive these attacks ? What was the strategic objectives of both sides ? None of these questions were addressed which all influenced the generals ' decisions.Some of the topics presented in the book are never woven back into the theme of the book . In discussing artillery , the authors were more interested in proving that the rifle was the sole cause of the Confederate losses rather than showing how the devastation caused by smoothbore artillery against attacking infantry supported their original thesis . Cavalry was discussed but only in terms of its ineffectiveness as shock troops against the rifle . The book did not discuss the effective uses of the cavalry -LRB- reconnaissance or raids -RRB- and it did not develop how the change in roles for the cavalry supported their original thesis.The most glaring problem with this book is in the last chapter . This is where the true -LRB- hidden -RRB- thesis is presented - the Celtic heritage being the reason the South lost the war . The evidence presented is circumstantial and weak . The second to last chapter presented an excellent argument for why the Civil War generals ' preferred to attack - they were young officers during the Mexican War where offensive action was decisive.The original thesis does present a factor in why the south lost - they lost in attrition warfare . With a smaller population , the South had less men available and the cost of attrition warfare was greater . They did sacrifice too many men in charges but was there a valid alternative ? The authors did not explore other options but locked themselves into hidden agendas which diverted them from fully exploring , supporting , and developing their original thesis .
 I would like to give this 2.5 stars , but 3 is too much.As a tactical discussion this is probably preferable to Paddy Griffith 's work favoring vigorous frontal assault and discounting the new firepower . However , Attack and Die has some glaring omissions that hurt it , and it also makes some assertions that do n't help . There are too many technological phases and differing terrain , strategic , and logistical situations in the American Civil War to support the simple tactical absolutes that authors too often apply.The authors ' thesis is two fold
 McWhiney and Jamieson use Attack and Die
 McWhiney and Jamieson argue that the South lost the Civil War because it lost too many men through frontal assaults , and that the frontal assaults were actuated by the South 's aggression-prone Celtic culture.I thought the book established effectively that the defender had the advantage in the Civil War and discussed cogently the role of current tactical thought and Mexican War experience in encouraging offensive tactics despite the changes wrought by the rifled musket.The authors claim that when Confederate soldiers attacked they suffered more casualties than Federals did when they attacked , but do not seem to give an explanation . If this is true , and the problematic nature of exact numbers and losses in the Civil War should be acknowledged , I suspect it has to do with artillery fuses.A major claim , that Confederate troops attacked more often than Federals did , is never , in my view , substantiated . The evidence offered , which includes accounts of Grant 's attacks in 1864 , actually supports the idea that neither side really learned the dangers of the tactical offensive.I am , in particular , not convinced by any aspect of the `` Celtic '' theory . The evidence of a Southern preference for the offensive seems shaky , and the evidence for Southern cultural aggressiveness comes mostly from anecdotal and/or unfriendly sources . A newspaper editor ranting about war to the knife , or similar sources , should n't be taken as representing a culture as a whole.Nor am I convinced that the South was `` Celtic '' , and the argument put forward by the authors is circular -- the South fought aggressively and that proves they were Celtic because Celts are aggressive . Actually , a quick look at the surnames of Northern and Southern generals and politicians does n't give me any sense that the North , with its Sheridan and Grant , was any less Celtic in ancestry than the South with its Davis and Stuart . Irish immigrants were more common in Northern than Southern armies , though both sides had their Irish Brigades.The idea that the Celts were aggressive convinces me least of all . To support this claim , the authors mix primary sources and literary references , often from unfriendly and not necessarily expert authors -LRB- Caesar -RRB- and skip wildly from one cultural and historical setting to the next , giving a deep analysis of none and appearing to choose evidence tendentiously . Bannockburn , for example , appears , but Scots defensive schiltron formations do not.The authors use overgeneralized and stereotypical `` racial '' arguments -- Romans , Englishmen and Yankees were `` practical , materialistic , tenacious , machine-like '' , and Celts and Confederates were `` emotional , foolhardy , romantic , undisciplined '' . Substitute `` white '' and `` black '' for those ethnicities and it becomes clear that this argument is oversimplified at best . The idea that the American Civil War represented `` a continuation of the centuries-old conflict between Celts and Englishmen ... '' not only strikes me as specious , but underemphasizes slavery as a cause to a degree with which I am uncomfortable.The idea that there 's some meaningful tactical or cultural link between Pickett 's Charge , say , and Vercingetorix , or for that matter Bonnie Prince Charlie , beggars my belief -- the popularity of Scott 's novels notwithstanding . The book descends to its silliest level when it attempts to draw a serious parallel between a Union soldier 's quite possibly wild claim of having found Union skulls in a Confederate camp and the beheading activities of the medieval Irish literary/mythological hero Cu Chulainn.I ca n't recommend this as serious scholarship .
 As many other reviewers have pointed out , the `` Celtic '' premise is ridiculously overblown . The Army of Northern Virginia can not be compared to the Scots at Culloden in 1745 . Also , as other reviewers have pointed out , the book ignores many `` big picture '' issues that played into the outcome of the war . Better alternative reading would be `` Two Great Rebel Armies '' by McMurry or `` Why the South Lost '' by Hattaway and company .
 The authors make an excellent argument that Confederate tactical aggression in the face of changing technology caused an attrition rate higher than their adversaries -LRB- exactly what one does not want when fighting a defensive war -RRB- , an argument that is backed up with statistics and logic . Unfortunately they then make bizarre and totally unsupported conclusions from that ... conclusion.The body of the book is a bit dry and heavy on numbers and charts , which actually makes it good as a tabletop reference . They have an obvious pro-Confederate bias , shown most clearly in the use of Manassas and Sharpsburg instead of Bull Run and Antietam -LRB- although they also use the Union name Fair Oaks instead of the more common Seven Pines -RRB- . They also say `` yankee '' and if I recall correctly use one or more of the pro-South euphemisms -LRB- Southern Independence , Northern Aggression , etc. -RRB- ; slavery is not mentioned , but I do n't think it should be , as this is an examination of battlefield tactics used IN the war , not a study of the political causes OF the war . It frequently refers to the experiences of the men on both sides during the Mexican-American War , and how this last struggle fought with smoothbore muskets taught them the exact WRONG lessons for a war fought with rifled muskets . So overall the data is good , and I can recommend it to students and anyone with a solid background in the conflict . Novices would find it obtuse and boring , and experts probably wo n't discover anything new , but those of us in the middle could put it to good use.The ending makes absolutely no sense whatsoever as it veers into ethnic theories , the so-called `` Celtic thesis '' . This is completely unsupported by facts in evidence -LRB- or facts generally -RRB- ; there is literally ONE mention of this element before the conclusion , a single line in the Acknowledgements . Now , I once did this , trying to force a conclusion at the end without leading up to it ; of course , I was in 8th grade at the time and it was the first serious research paper I ever wrote , at a monstrous 5 pages . To see this done by a pair of PhDs in a major scholarly work is shocking . Also , the stats tables so useful in the main body are absent from the conclusion ; perhaps because a demographic study would implode the whole theory . Pennsylvania had a larger concentration of Welsh and Scots-Irish than most of the South , yet McWhiney and Jamieson do n't make jaw-dropping statements about their inherited aggression and barbarity . In the eyes of themselves and their would-be allies across the sea , the Virginia planters were Englishmen in all but geography ; the North took in the majority of the Irish , and Southerner and Englishman alike sneered at the Celtic mob.To sum up
 I 'd write much more if I had the space -LRB- and I might eventually write the authors in any event -RRB- , but I see three errors in the authors ' assertion that the South was uselessly aggressive early in the war and could have won through a more defensive strategy :1 . It is based on the enemy being obliging enough to attack frontally . In the First Manassas campaign , however , the Union commander elected to turn the flank rather than attack the Confederate entrenchments , and nearly won the battle as a result.If the Union commanders had all followed this example , all the Southern armies ' defensive positions would n't have done them any good ; they would have been outflanked all the way to surrender .2 . It assumes that a Revolutionary War-type strategy , wherein the defender almost always has space and time to manuever , and is n't concerned with defending big cities filled with military industry or large areas of cropland necessary to feed the army , would have worked with a South that was dependent on these industries and crops for survival and , because of Napoleonic innovations in the art of pursuing and overtaking an enemy army , would not have had as much space and time to manuever . It is worth noting that not one war has been one solely by means of attrition since the Revolution -LRB- not counting Vietnam , where attrition won only because the American armies were handicapped by political considerations -RRB- .3 . It makes the mistake of emphasizing war solely as mathematical equation rather than human endeavor . If success in war depended solely on bringing the numbers of the enemy 's armies down to zero , no war would be won , since there has not been such a war of total destruction since ancient times . Victory , rather , is dependent on the psychological element -- that is , what a nation thinks of it 's chances for winning versus the situation . Regardless of Lee 's `` unacceptable '' rate of casualties , he came very close to winning through the psychology of victory -- that is , by driving the Northern peoples ' morale down to the breaking point through battles lost . Nor would Southern armies standing permanently on the defense have satisfied their own people , particularly as large areas of land were lost to the enemy through manuvering -LRB- assuming # 1 above -RRB- . This is how wars are fought and won
 After concluding this work , the only description that comes to mind is the title of this review , otherwise known as , a complete waste of time . The authors totally ignore the military/political realities facing a numerically inferior side , choosing instead to concentrate on a flawed mathematical `` analysis '' that is not only laughable , but also totally at odds with the immutable principles of war .
 Having spent about thirty years involved with various magical practices , including several varieties of theurgic and thaumaturgic necromancy , I must iterate
 This book is a plagiate of Mika Waltari 's book `` The Roman '' -LRB- original titel `` Ihmiskunnan viholiset '' , published 1964 in Finland and translation in English published in 1966 . SHAME ON SLATER !
 Colin Slater `` writes '' an excact copy of an another author 's book and goes even further telling about 18 months of research work in England , which was needed for the book . I suppose you do n't need that much to change the title.You might have got away with this in the sixties , but Colin really , you did it 2003 . But hey , you made me and at least few others smile and Waltari might even get few more readers .
 Lindum Colonia `` by '' Colin Slater is a word-by-word copy of Mika Waltari 's novelThe Roman -LRB- 1966 -RRB- . See for yourself : http://www.hs.fi/kuvat/iso_webkuva/1135238082268.jpeg
 This book was witty and a great reference for all things mid-century and female-oriented , but beyond that was n't much of anything . Homosexuality is never really covered in regards to women and does n't really analyze or comment on things or even try to understand the why behind it
 While the topic for this book is very hot , there are several severe inaccuracies in the use and application of JDeveloper.There is also way too much theory , and while theory is fun for graduate students , the body of the text is wanting for real-world examples.Overall , I am sorry I bought this book .
 The flow of topics is not so good . Chapter 2 was out of place . Choice of examples was also not good . It does not Cover EJB or CORBA objects only covers BC4J . Hands on trials will allow you to deploy and test specific examples , but you dont gain enough knowledge from the experiment to be comfortable with JDeveloper .
 for the promising title , I bought the book immediately after the release . I hoped to find much about the web technologies , esp . JSP applications , but found only 50 pages telling the same thing with the help files . Again waiting for another release of JDeveloper for a new book . . I think the book is specially written for the Developer users for the migration , it has far missing topics . .
 As an archaeologist working on the archaeology of North East Asia , I found this book a very big disappointment . Then again what should I expect from a historian whose speciality is the 18th and 19th century history of Russia?The author draws heavily on secondary works in English , German , French and Russian . Instead of depending on those , he should have gone directly to the archaeological site reports and the historical annals themselves . Its also sad to see a synthesis on Russia and Central Asia that relies heavily on the works of English language scholars and ignoring the Russian and Mongolian language scholars . In terms of some of his English secondary sources , ones like Davis-Kimball et al. -LRB- NOMADS OF THE EURASIAN STEPPE -RRB- and Barfield 's PERILOUS FRONTIER are still in print and available from AMAZON.COM.Production values in this book are also uneven . The photographic reproductions in many cases are also poorly scanned copies -LRB- see for example p. 53 , 214 in the paperback version -RRB- . The publisher should have done a better job.My advice
 While the plot is full of twists and turns , the characters never emerge beyond the two-dimesional . The author sets up complex relationships between the heroine and her father and daughter , but never develops them at all . The plot has large holes in it ; the heroines actions are often inexplicable except in terms of advancing the plot . For example , a policeman comes to her door after her house has been ransacked and her daughter is missing , yet she fails to enlist his help , so that she can be alone when the killer attacks ... So many threads of plot are left hanging that the story seems abandoned rather than concluded . Thumbs down .
 Believe it or not , the `` statue mystery '' is nevercompletely resolved . The climax of the novel concerns a completely different thread . Despite being portrayed as a strong independent character , the heroine is really a passive victum throughout the text . My guess is that the author had outlines for two different mysteries and threw them together to meet a publishing deadline . Alsoas a Jersey Shore native , I 'd like to remind Ms. Waterhouse that there are no beach-front homes inSpring Lake .
 This read by my 12 year old daughter . She is an avid reader , but could n't `` get into '' this . She says it was a bit dull . Only read one chapter .
 Do n't purchase this reprint from Wilder Publications . The punctuation and type-setting is a complete mess . Many punctuation marks are missing , while others are in the wrong place . Some paragraphs do n't start where they should , others start where they should n't . It would be very frustrating for a child to try to read this reprint , so even at this price , it 's not worth it . I 'm going to purchase another edition for my girls and recycle this one .
 In Ender 's Game , a masterwork , Card invents three highly memorable characters
 I have n't yet finished this book , but so far it is pretty good . However , all of my enjoyment is ruined by turning each page . every time you turn the page the words are either a sentence ahead or behind where the previous page ended , forcing you to constantly search for your place over and over again.I wish i could give this book a better review . And i might , after i get a refund for the ebook and buy a real one .
 With Mr. Card , you either love him or you hate him , and most of the reviews of this book are in the 4 to 5 star range . But I could n't finish this book . Card is beating the same dead horse over and over again
 This book is a sore disappointment for those of us familiar with the Ender series . The characters are poorly developed and the plot has turned too predictable . The premise that humanity depends on a group of children no longer appears tenable -- what appeared as a truly clever devise in `` Ender 's Game '' and `` Ender 's Shadow '' has now become implausible . Are we to continue to believe that 10 and 12 year old geniuses are capable of holding the respect of their 20 year old subordinates and of outsmarting the military high command ? This just does n't ring true.The `` Afterword '' in the book is downright bizarre . Card seems to have forgotten that he is writing escapist fiction -- his ranting about how `` America is now a nation in decline , and my people have little will to be well led '' sounds like self-aggrandizing silliness . I 'm surprised the editor allowed that in -LRB- a perk for a top selling author ? -RRB- . Card should stick to improving his craft -LRB- writing escapist fiction -RRB- ; if he can do that , perhaps the next installment will be back up to standard .
 This book -- what can I say ? It seems like the more of OSC 's books I read , the less impressed I am with him as an author . This book strengthened that impression . For one thing , every single one of his characters sounds exactly the same . For another thing , I can honestly say that I did n't care about a single character in this book . I did n't really realize this until one Bean 's friends died , at which point my main emotion was annoyance . It was a stupid and easily avoidable death.Also , I do n't know for whom this book was targeted . Original fans -LRB- except the diehards who think Card can do no wrong -RRB- are going to be annoyed , but newcomers will probably be confused . It is dry and tedious at times , with bleak overtones and a nifty little romantic angle that seems thrown in just for the heck of it . With that said , the book gets its two stars because of the insights it provides regarding the Wiggin parents . I reread those scenes -LRB- and only those scenes -RRB- at least twice because they were very , very good . So , definitely check it out of the library , buy it used if you want , borrow it from a friend . But , I would not recommend buying it new .
 This book is a sad example of Card trying to write like Card . It does n't even seem like the normal author in this tale . The characters are shallow , the plot is thin -LRB- and borring -RRB- , and when the last page ends you are left wondering at the title ... why was this book called `` shadow of the hegemon '' WHEN the hegemon -LRB- peter -RRB- is almost completly ignored . Yes he pops in once in a while and writes a few essays but there was never one momement when you even glimps what will make this man great . This book is nothing more then a poor chance at making money off of `` Ender 's Game . '' It falls flat
 Why I think this book and others in this series are good is simple . They kept my attention . I am a sixteen year old girl that when I get bored I want a good book to curl up with no distractions and I totally get lost in the charecters and thats what happened when I read , not only this book but all of the ENDER books , I got lost for hours on end . With Bean having to save his friends , nobody quite knowing whats going on , and the budding romance between him and the only girl in BATTLE SCHOOL to have fought in the Bugger wars . A good end . Or is it a new beginning ... ? To this the bean segment of the series . I do n't know about anyone else who 's read these books but i hope he comes out with more of them maybe Enders children ... ?
 What a huge disappointment . Ender 's shadow was a great read . Shadow of the hegemon was an utter waste of time . Im an avid Orson Scott Cart fan , but with the exception of the Alvin Maker series , he 's not the greatest sequel writer .
 Ender 's Game and The Speaker for the Dead are worth the time . This book is not.Card thinks too much about his insight on political science . In the afterword , he brags that he 's been interested in international relations since he was a kid . Unfortunately , he has n't grown up . His plot is two dimentional and he has no understading of the history or politics regarding Russia , America , Thailand , or any other country.His characters are also thin and two dimentional . The story
 I 'm afraid after ` Ender 's Shadow ' , this is another descent in quality for the overall Ender series . Besides the inflation -LRB- or reflation -RRB- of Bean , this tale of war in South-East Asia is pretty stale stuff.It is strange that a science-fiction author who had us riveted at his tale of interstellar war , becomes so trite when trying to adapt to the confines of one small planet . There is no sense of place or culture among the characters and scenes -LRB- ranging from Greece to Russia , South Carolina , India and Thailand -RRB- , merely stuff that sounds as it it was ripped from history books and travelogues . Card 's Afterword suggests he is now trying to write ` future history ' . If so , that is a disappointing turn for someone who wrote one of the best science fiction books of the last 20 years.As well as the overall writing , Bean just fails to hold the attention as Ender did . Ender lived as a tragic figure , scared child and xenocide in one . Bean , despite his problems , does not attract the same sympathy . For example , Bean 's comic remark at the start of Ender 's last battle against the Buggers is now ` Bean 's analysis ' that showed Ender how to win the battle . Sure , so Democritus invented Quantum Mechanics , and Malthus should be credited with Evolution.The novel 's main lack is a ` Maguffin ' - the expression used by Alfed Hitchcock for the device on which he hung his plots . Card has had some brilliant Maguffins - Earth been saved by child video-gamers , Battle School , Buggers etc. ` Hegemon 's ' Maguffin is just a tame recycling of what went before in the Ender series - genius kids at war . If you read science fiction to be enthralled by imaginative plots and plot devices , then this book is not for you .
 I 've read Ender 's Game and Ender 's Shadow and decided to keep reading the series for the ladder because honestly , those books are brilliant . Shadow of the Hegemon , however , at least for me , was not.I felt like it was very inconsistent with what I 've already read , and while you expect the kids that made up Ender 's jeesh to change , you do n't expect them to just ... I do n't even know . It 's hard for me to believe that Petra is the only one of them to maintain a strong personality and not give into Achilles . And while Achilles was terrifying in an underhanded psychological way in Ender 's Shadow , in SotHegemon , it 's almost like his weapon is his charisma , which made him seem very weak in terms of villainy.Bean 's memories and the references to Ender 's Shadow seemed super distorted to me , almost like Card had forgotten what he 'd written and just guessed at it . At one point , Bean has this pivotal realization that the happiest time of his life was when he was with Sister Carlotta before leaving for space , and how he cared about her so much and etc. . But ... I 'm pretty sure , if I remember correctly , Sister Carlotta gave him a hug and he accepted it , but not without thinking , ' I do n't really understand why we 're hugging but if she wants to , okay , but I 'd really like to leave now . ' I do n't know . I feel really bad because I desperately wanted to enjoy this book , and maybe even expected to since I could not put Ender 's Game or Shadow down . Unfortunately , it just did n't take advantage of all of the potential it had . Peter , who could have been a wicked awesome character in this - and holy crap , could have gone head to head with Achilles politically which would have been BRILLIANT - became an odd side character that had very little purpose . And the sudden romance between Bean and Petra came out of nowhere and , again , was something that was half-heartedly alluded to from Ender 's Shadow . It left me thinking , `` Um ... I thought that they really disliked each other since the whole Bonzo Madrid situation , but all right ... '' Even though they were able to sort things out , I never got the impression that they were suddenly BFF 's . Also , the beginning bugged me . It was such a beautiful and meaningful moment at the end of Ender 's Shadow that he discovered he had family , and then ... well , bye bye . Not a thought spared for them through the rest of the book.Again , I feel horrible . This could have been phenomenal . I wish it had been .
 Most reviews I 've read on this page address the book itself , not the audiobook . Not a mention of recording quality , production , or any aspects of the recording . Card mentions repeatedly at the end that audiobook is his preferred way to present his works , but if this is the best they come up with I disagree . FIND THE TIME TO READ THE BOOK . To me these little things in the recordings progressively became more annoying
 You loved Ender 's Game , right?And even though the next couple of Ender-related books were more confusing and not of the same quality as Ender 's Game , at last came Ender 's Shadow , the parallel story of Bean . Terrific.Then came Shadow of the Hegemon.It is , literally , a shadow of the original talent and quality of the first five books . The dialogue is tedious , the story line pencil thin , and the plot has a huge Achilles ' heel -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . This is another example of a book out by an author -LRB- in this case Orson Scott Card -RRB- who must have been pressured to produce , because this baby needs more cooking.It will make no sense if you have n't read Ender 's Game and Ender 's Shadow . It hardly makes any sense at all . Beware !
 `` Shadow of the Hegemon '' does n't really even deserve one star . After Ender 's Shadow came out , I had some hope for the Ender series , but with Shadow of the Hegemon , it 's going right downhill again.First of all , the characters in this book are unbelievable and are nothing like themselves in previous books of the series . Achilles , instead of being a clever-but-psycho serial killer , is now an astronomically brilliant , meglomaniacal super-villain bent on world domination . All he lacks is a brightly colored mask and a goofy nickname , and he could be a perfect foe for Batman . And the whole suppressed romance between Bean and Petra confuses me . I mean , Bean is ten years old ! Is n't he a little young for that kind of stuff ? Most children that age are still at the stage of `` girls are yucky '' . True , Bean is n't your average ten-year-old , but I still found the whole thing a little disturbing.Secondly , Card spends too much time switching from plot to plot . Half of the book is talking about Petra 's captivity with Achilles , and the other half focuses on Bean 's adventures with Peter and Sister Carlotta . All of the skipping back and forth can really interrupt a reader 's train of thought . I found it rather annoying , myself.And what has he done to Peter ? Peter , it seems , is not really a little ... in training . He 's really just trying to take over the world because he wants Mommy and Daddy 's approval . Somehow , his abrupt change in personality was less than believable . Whatever happened to the half-mad , violent-natured little tyrant of `` Ender 's Game '' ? If you ask me , he was much more likable when he was torturing squirrels.But what really annoyed me about this book was Card 's thinly disguised Messiah complex . He seems to have only written this awful novel as an excuse to ... America . And his LDS preachiness was even more tiresome . I am a Mormon myself and it even got on MY nerves . If he wants to preach , he should put it in a story where it fits . The preaching in Shadow of the Hegemon did n't really fit in with the story or advance the plot . Between that and his reversed-patriotism , I was about ready to throw this book out the window by the time I reached the end.In short , this book was definitely not on a par with its distinguished predecessors . It was just a tragedy . A tragedy that they did this to Bean and Peter , a tragedy that they did this to the readers , and a tragedy that they killed a tree to print this . If you really have to know what happens to the old characters , I suggest you save your money and get it from the library .
 I 'm a great fan of Card 's `` Ender '' series , but this chapter falls far short of the standards he has established . Seems to me that Card is simply trying to beat a dead horse and write as many books as he can about the world of `` Ender 's Game '' , rather than expanding his scope and exploring fresh avenues.The premise of the novel - that the Battle School graduates would be kidnapped to help others plot military strategies - is 100 % ridiculous . From this flaw , everything else goes downhill , and one can only hope that Card can do some serious CPR in order to revive the dead horse with what he says will be two more novels in the series .
 I 'm a fan of this series , but enough is enough . Authors throw originality out the window every year to write sequels to neverending series that drag on and on . I have a pet peeve with authors that continue to churn out books with the same subject . Stop already and write something new for us . Please !!
 This review is about the audiobook . Other people who gave this book 1 and 2 stars have amply explained the problems with the story.I would like to add that the audiobook is rather poor as well . The readers do a good job , as good as they did in Ender 's Shadow . However , apparently all of them -LRB- except perhaps for the female reader -RRB- mispronounced `` Hegemon '' . Why did n't the producer or someone else in charge verify the pronunciation * before * recording the story?Someone -LRB- perhaps someone 's middle-school kid -RRB- edited * almost * every instance of the word , in various ways :1 -RRB- The reader re-recorded the phrase which included the word , and that phrase was replaced . However , absolutely * no * attempt was made to get the replacement recording to sound even * remotely * the same as the original . In most cases it sounded like the replacement came from a laptop type of mic , with a hollow sound that contrasts sharply with the professional studio sound of the recording as a whole .2 -RRB- The sound of the `` g '' was replaced . You can hear the click sound of the edges of the editing , something that only an amateur , or someone with no editing budget to speak of , would leave in there . It 's trivially easy to smoothly replace a sound in a voice recording . In some cases a bit of the sound after the `` g '' was cut , so it just sounds mangled .3 -RRB- Enough of the mispronunciations were left in that the whole effort to fix it only draws attention to it , in an extremely jarring and irritating way . If you 're going to fix a mispronunciation , then at least be thorough about it!I checked this out from my library -LRB- via Library2Go -RRB- , so I listened to it for free . But if I had paid for it , I would be very angry and the ridiculous editing job , and I would want to return it . I do n't know if multiple versions of this audiobook were released , so I suppose it 's possible that the one offered by Amazon does n't have this problem .
 This was my least favorite Orson Scott Card book to date , by far . I 've read all the Ender 's Series , the Shadow series up to the end of Shadow Puppets , and the Empire series.I could barely finish this book ; it grated me . If it were a movie , only 40 minutes of 4 hours was any good . The only reason I finished it was b/c it 's essential to understand the next book in the series.-Finished on 2012-08-27 -LRB- 116,804 words in 7 days ; 16,686 wpd -RRB- .
 This was a great book to read , the story I enjoyed very much . My experience with the actual e-book was ruined however by the fact that every page or so the last sentence would not flow into the next page from the previous one . I had to keep removing the eBook from my device and re-downloading it in order to no skip the last few sentences at the end of a page and the beginning of a new page . This is why i switched to Google books . The kindle App is just plain horrible .
 I will be very blunt in this review , even though I have been a huge fan of Mr. Card since reading Ender 's Game over ten years ago , this latest effort of his just fars fall short of bar he set for himself . The problem is that he writes a novel that deals with the military strategies and political intrigues of a world nearly two hundred years from now , but it appears without actually having thought how advances in technology would effect this . His idea of combat is actually outdated for this day and age , the over use of armor and discussion of supply lines actually comes from WWII military thought.Anyone who has read Brookings Institute reports or bothered to ever read even Scientific America or such info would know that the future is to be based more around the individual soldier , who will be very much like the Mobile Infantry in Robert Heinlein 's classic Starship troopers , which was written in 1959 . At least with Ender 's Game he was descirbing combat that was nonexistent in our day and age and was purely theoretical , he could then enjoy descibing those battles in his own personal way . But when choosing to write a military-political back on our homeground you have to be that much more aware of `` realism '' . Also as student of Political Science , I think Mr. Card 's understanding of world affairs and interactions is very basic and actually , for anyone who is also in that field of thought very `` traditionalist '' or `` realist '' . For others its dated to again a pre-WWII philosophy . Again I think it fails to accept the modifications to human interaction that have occured in the last twenty years alone due to technology advances . His net is about as advanced as the internet is today , if at all.I think in reading the Afterword he left in the book one understands why Mr. Card 's vision is so limited . He claims knowledge on subjects from having one book in the area , and in one case on Thailand the concise history . I have read Guns , Germs and Steel , as Mr. Card has and highly recommend it as well , but one of the points of that book which Mr. Card misses is that dynamic changes in technology , through the luck of viral competition and the societies that arise from climate farming techniques , that are unexpected can make all the difference between a Spain conquering the Aztecs or the Aztecs conquering Spain.Mr . Card though writing interesting characters , creates a world , where even thought there was a political stagnation due to the Bugger Wars , there has been no attempt to advance or theorize how that society is different from today , beyond pulling the old stock bit that sci-fi writers have been using since the 60s that America will go into decline and become a second rate power .
 With great hope I opened this new book in the Ender series , hope that it improves on the previous one in the series , Children of the Mind . Which was just plain boring . Had to skip to the end as could not bear the appallingly plodding script and magical approach to plot devices . Bad luck for me , this is worse . Within a few pages the stupidity of the plot , shallowness of the characters and non-exploration of SF causes headaches . Perhaps one of the worst books I 've bought . Do not buy ! Orson has lost it .
 o.s.card wrote ender 's game , which was one of the great sc-fi fiction i ever read , then he went on and wrote sequels , based on ender 's game epilogs.later he got tired , started to write paralex stories
 I simply did not care what happened on earth in terms of political power . I care about Bean and his Jeesh . -LRB- For the record , where did this bizarre terminology come from -- it was n't in the Ender books , was it ? -RRB- I want to understand how Bean is going to deal with the real world , as well as his classmates . I do n't care who is in power on earth . And I thought the handling of Peter 's parents was absurd ! Plus , the killing of Sister Carlotta was a waste . How did Achilles become so powerful ? There is no clear explanation for this . It was a bad book . I hope the final 2 are better . Perhaps Card is out of ideas ...
 This novel continues Bean 's story after the events in Ender 's Shadow . Bean returns to earth to join his family which happens to be his good friend Nikolai 's family . He and the rest of the Battle School children are threatened by the various countries across the globe that want to kidnap them and use their tactical skills in conflicts against each other . Achilles returns as Bean 's nemesis in this book.This book starts going bad after Bean 's character development stagnates about halfway through . After that it becomes more of a chase from one place to another with endless amounts of technical detail about the brilliant strategies that Bean and the other Battle School children are employing in the conflicts across the globe.Card does a lot better with fictitious battles in zero gravity than he does with something closer to reality . By the time the book ends it 's hard to care who has won or lost or to figure out what exactly they did to end up there . Card 's intent seems to be to mix up his coterie of characters and universe in a small scale war situation and explore the strategies and tactics involved . Unfortunately his dry descriptions of what should be done , what could be done and what Bean and the other kids end up doing takes up much of the latter half of the book.Peter , Ender 's brother , and Ender 's parents play small roles in the book as well , but mostly it follows Bean 's path through the earth conflict.The book is a definite step down from Ender 's Game and Ender 's Shadow and has turned me off of reading further books in the series . The good thing about Card 's previous books in this set was that he did n't focus too much on the details of what the kids were doing so much as their reactions to those situations . The characters were the focus , not the minute details of what they were doing .
 I have been an avid reader of Orson Scott Card for years . The Ender 's Quartet and Shadow i considered to be fantastic books although in different ways . Ender 's Game was interesting while still action and suspense-filled . The next three were philosophical and fascinating . Ender 's Shadow amazed me at the depth of the subplots . But Shadow Of The Hegemon seemed to fall flat . I was immensely dissapointed after reading the book . The plot seemed to follow the wrong people in the wrong amounts . Ender 's jeesh , especially Petra , did not seem to be fleshed out in an interesting way . The majority of the book was talking about the kids , but they had very little personality . What made Petra any different than some `` genius kid '' ? Bean had fascinating twists in Ender 's Shadow , but nothing could be fleshed out throughout Hegemon , even Bean 's state of being `` not quite human '' was quickly dismissed . THe plot lost track of the importance of people , and focused more on Tom Clancy style war tactics . I would have hoped for much more on the interaction between Peter and Bean . Peter 's character was changed to drastically from Ender 's Game . The psychotic-ness was still there in a way , but Card tried too hard to make him more `` vulnerable '' . He should have expanded on the twists within peter 's mind , not his basic humanity . THere were good points in all of this though . The plot flowed smoothly most of the time and was interesting enough to continue . There was suspense at all times to keep the reader reading . The reintroduction of Graff was a nice touch . This is a great book for an easy , adventurous read.All in all , it was a decent book and a good read , but not even close to the standards expected from this series . It was no where near what could have been done to further expand the series .
 When I heard Card was coming out with another Ender book I could n't wait to get my hands on it and be one of the first to read it . Well that excitement lasted for about the first 100 pages before Shadow of the Hegemon took a serious turn for the worse.Card opens this 6th installment of the Ender series from the prospective of Petra Arkanian , Ender 's only female `` jeesh '' member . The war against the formics has ended and the planet has now only to worry about squabbles within itself . Petra is a famous war hero - a great resource to her homeland and this demand for battle school successes is the foundation of the plot.Shadow of the Hegemon is a major step down from it 's classic predecessors . At no point did I have the `` wow '' feeling that I have grown to depend on from Card . Only at isolated points is any real creativity displayed and more often than not , he uses his work as a platform for a history lesson . The in-your-face , real , and primal action that is the trademark of Ender 's Game NEVER comes and only rarely was I turning the pages for a reason beyond getting to the end . There is simply WAY too much politics in this book and not enough action.Shadow of the Hegemon is only recommendable to the most hardcore of Orson Scott Card fans . I though I was one of them until finishing this job . For those of you who want to get into the Ender series , PLEASE begin at the core , Card 's best work and MY favorite book , Enders Game .
 He wrote a masterpiece worthy of Heinlein -LRB- sp ? -RRB- . Now he is churning out plot filler like an anonymous serialist . The Ender series is working on the Star Wars principle -- the closer to the original the book is , the better it is . I stopped reading this one 1/4 of the way through after realizing that , a -RRB- not only was I not enjoying this book , but b -RRB- it was also sucking the life out of the other , good books in the series . For this reason , it deserves a couple of negative stars , but the space-time continuum of amazon.com wo n't abide that .
 Nobody liked Orson Scott Card 's great books more than I did
 I do n't need to say that Ender 's Game was one of the greatest science fiction books of the century , nor do I need to point out that Ender 's Shadow was very impressive as a sequel . Unfortunately for his readers , Orson Scott Card has not been able to pull off a third such masterpiece . Shadow of the Hegemon had potential , but it had several irrtating flaws.First of all , Card uses historical allusions on virtually every page of this novel . Now , Ender 's Game and Ender 's Shadow had allusions in them , but they were done tastefully . In this book , every other sentence is a military history allusion . Now , I enjoy history myself , but the way Card does it is ridiculous . It gets really boring after awhile . And many of his readers are teenagers , like myself . Most teenagers are n't going to grasp the significance of the Charge of the Light Brigade.Secondly , he will NOT stop rambling about the politics . I realize that politics are an important part of a novel like Shadow of the Hegemon , since the whole story is about children trying to manipulate the world 's politics . However , he goes a little overboard . He spends at least half a page talking about the socio-political effects expected to come of Peter moving the Hegemony to brazil . He goes on and on and ON about why Thailand is the most effective country for Bean to seek an office in . He explains in great detail why the Muslim nations would n't want to kidnap Petra . He drones endlessly about the spirit of Russian imperialism . That is important to do , but he does it OVER AND OVER AND OVER again . Even the politicians do n't ramble about politics as much as this book does . He needs to focus on the story a little more.The story was somewhat interesting . I had often wondered what would happen when the Battle Schoolers were repatriated . The only trouble is that he spends too much time on Petra and Achilles . I ca n't speak for the rest of the readers , but everyone I 've talked to who has read the book wants to see more of Bean and Peter . They are the ones we know from the other books-they are the ones we are reading the book to find out about.Basically , if you are going to buy a book from the Ender series , this is n't the one . It does not even come close to doing justice to its distinguished predecessors . Furthermore , it is too long . The story Card takes the entire book to tell could easily be told in a novella . Unless you are a hard-core fan of the series , I advise you to save your money
 Shadow of the Hegemon does not live up to its predessor works . The book is loosely written and not as tight as Card 's other works . You can skip the first 200 pages which is repetitive , predictable and simply not up to his standards . The remainder of the book is fine but it comes to a rapid conclusion with a number of sweeping paragraphs that wrap everything up with little imagination . The book reads more like a play-by-play account of the game RISK , something that the author points out in his epiloge -- it should have been the prologe.The characters are particularly flat and one dimensional -- a real disappointment given the earlier Ender books . Achillies is bent on taking over the world and killing Bean , Bean is bend on killing Achillies and the other characters fall on either side of this fence . Peter Wiggen while present in the book is really dealt with in a superficial way with a minor role.I know that Card returned to the Ender series after a long hiatus and Ender 's Shadow is as good as Ender 's Game . Unfourtunately this work reads like it was written as part of a multi-book publishing contract -- something he had to do but did n't have enough material for it.It could have been a terrific Novella or short story but it goes thin very fast when streatched into a novel.Overall a poor showing . I almost bought this book in hardcover after reading Enders 's Shadow -- a very good book and highly recommended . But I am glad I only invested a few dollars in the paperback edition .
 It has been many years since I finished reading the first 3 novels of the Ender Saga . While not without its high points , I was generally disappointed , though not surprised , with Shadow of the Hegemon . On the positive , Shadow has some interesting plot twists and some entertaining action/battle sequences . I agree with other reviewers in that it was nice to meet with Bean , Petra , and Peter again.However , shaping brilliant child minds to effect compelling military strategy as in Ender 's Game is a profoundly different story than that of having children bend nations to their will . Card pushed the child prodigy notion well beyond the realm of the plausible.The author 's machinations of events and plot were also clear throughout the story . The scheming and plotting of Achilles , Bean , and Peter were simplistic and amateurish . Instead of telling a story , the author is telling us - why - he 's telling the story . In the epilogue , you are rewarded with a diatribe on American decline , history as story , and the failings of the Clinton administration as validation of your suspicions about Card 's motivations.If you are enamored with stories of child prodigy , or looking to fill in your picture of Ender 's universe Shadow of the Hegemon is OK . If you are looking for a powerful depiction of politics and intrigue in the SF genre , check out Frank Herbert 's original Dune Chronicles .
 How can I break this to you gently ... `` Shadow of the Hegemon '' lacks the raw conviction and the powerful equalizer of `` Ender 's Game '' and its parallel novel . It is essentially a sequel to `` Ender 's Shadow '' , detailing the events that happened after Battle School was disbanded , the Formic War won , and the children sent home to rest on their laurels . It is n't even about Peter - he is dealt with in two chapters throughout the book - once when Bean meets him face to face , and at the very end , when he auspiciously rises to the lofty position of Hegemon.What `` Shadow of the Hegemon '' actually deals with is Achilles ' struggle for world domination , and Bean 's campaign to stop him . Unfortunately , since neither any longer relies on pure wits , but rather falls back on extensive connections and the military prowess of armies , the book simply ends up being a cheap political thriller . Few new characters are introduced , and the recurrent ones hardly have changed since the preceding pair of parallel novels . In addition , for a novel that takes place all over the globe , there is barely any sensation of change . The quality of characterization certainly fell since the previous book - I was at a loss to distinguish the characters one from another ; they are all mere conveyances for whatever piece of philosophy Card is trying to put in . Even the resolution is quaint
 The Ender Quartet was great stuff . Ender 's Shadow was awesome . But something happened between the last Shadow and this one ... whatever it was , Card failed to come through with his normal grandeur.The story itself is somewhat hard to buy , granted we suspend disbelief for fantastical works , but it was still a little much . Kidnapping the kids to force them to command your armies ? Even a mediocre commander is going to give you better results than an enemy held at gunpoint . I simply could n't buy it.The endless amount of Bean being compared to a Christian ideal is exceptionally irritating . Card can only bring it up so many times until you want to scream `` Ok , I get the point , not get on with the story ! `` The whole thing left me with a feeling of dissatisfaction . My advice to you is just to quit with Ender 's Shadow and guess as to what else happens ... certainly much more fun than wading through this .
 What was Card 's intention in writting this book ? To make money , I suppose . But while this is most writers intentions , you can tell Card 's desperation in this book . He should have stoped writting about the Achiles character in Ender 's Shadow , but he does so again in this book , with guarentee that he 'll be in the sequal to this . The Bean character was strong enough to hold `` Enders shadow '' together , but he came across as an unhuman like character . In some respects the book is satisfying , but not enough for me to recommend it to anyone .
 Do n't get me wrong , I do enjoy Card 's writing , especially his , uh , `` Enderverse '' . I loved Ender 's Game , I absolutely adored Speaker for the Dead , I 'm reading Xenocide and I love what I 've read , and I liked Ender 's Shadow.I do n't like Shadow of the Hegemon though.It 's nothing but boring , long and tedious talk about ... politics . Also , Card does n't seem to understand how much the world would have changed in 200 years . I do n't know , I seem to like Card better when he 's writing about philosophy , not politics .
 I was a huge fan of Enders Game and Enders Shadow , however , Shadow Of The Hegemon disappointed me . There was almost no action in it . The whole book was just political conversations , so political , that they were hard to follow . What little bit that I was able to follow , was uninteresting . If you were a fan of the rest of the Ender series , I recomend that you at least try this book . That is why I gave it two stars instead of one . You may get something out of this book that I did not . But before you dive into this tale be warned . It is extremely political and almost entirely comprised of long conversation . But at least attempt to read it like I did .
 OSC is capable of much more depth than Shadow of the Hegemon has . It is a watery story with little character development and the pace of a poorly played chess game . Granted , it is difficult to write characters who are supposed to be smarter than the author , but OSC did it with Ender 's Game ... OSC admittedly wrote Shadow while concurrently writing a different story . It shows .
 I first read Ender 's Game , the short story , about 15 years ago . It was a masterpiece . The tight story grabbed me with the descriptions of battle school . I felt Ender 's stress during combat school , and was as confused as he was about Mazer 's motivations . When the suprise ending hit , I was genuinely startled , and immediately reread the entire story . I loved Ender 's Game.Shadow of the Hegemon is the opposite in almost every way.The plot , briefly , is that the Formic War is over . The graduates of battle school are a highly prized commodity by the petty nations of Earth . Achilles , the cartoonish supervillian child from Ender 's Shadow , is hatching a plan to kidnap the battle school grads and thus take over the world . Only Bean , cartoonish supergenius that he is , has any chance of stopping Achilles . He seeks an unlikely ally in Peter Wiggin , Ender 's older and vindictive older brother.The first problem is that the reader ca n't truly sypathize with any of the characters . Bean has the best chance , but the unbelieveable intelligence that alienates him from other characters alienates him from us , too . Peter has already been established as a cold and violent person , and no amount of backpeddling can get us to forget that . The other characters are worse still -- in fact , when one of Bean 's friends dies , I was n't saddened so much as I was relieved that I would n't have to read any more strained dialogue between the two.The second problem
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Now comes Shadow of the Hegemon . It is much faster paced . I did enjoy its story better than Ender 's Shadow simply because Bean is a bit older and I thought it would develop a similar relationship between Bean and Peter . I thought we 'd get a glimpse of what Ender would write about the character of Peter in his `` Hive Queen and the Hegemon '' -- but no . Peter is a sniveling bratty teen who somehow commands great authority and respect as an online persona but has no backbone of his own . If Bean does n't push him to do the least little thing , he 'd rather just play on his computer.Also , I did n't like the formula way Card tries to make his characters smart
 2 stars for the story , 0 stars for the politicsOk , I thought Ender 's Game was really fantastic . Of course I read that book when I was a kid and so maybe Orson Scott Card 's political jabberings flew over my naive little head . I just read Shadow of the Hegemon today , interestingly enough on the train from Bangkok to Chiang Mai -LRB- as some of the events are set in Thailand -RRB- . There are several major problems with this book.First , it is really set in the present day with only a fig leaf of being in the future . If it was really set in the future , why do all the nations have the same boundaries and general political/social outlook as today ? Why is China the bad guy and the U.S. -LSB- prostituting -RSB- itself in trading with China ? Why the angry denuciation against fashion-bound American intellectuals by Ender 's Mom who reveals herself to be a religious nutcase a la Orson Scott Card ? If you make it to the end of the book , and you likely will , because the story is n't too bad ... Well , the basic plot line that there are a bunch of military geniuses running around and they are sought after by the different powers is pretty solid . But unfortunately , when they are no longer needed by the story , the various geniuses just disappear . If Thailand is fantastically transformed into a heavyweight by having one of these geniuses on call , why is China 's rise to power a fait accompli if there are so many other geniuses running loose out there?I think the reason that Ender 's Game worked was because it purposefully kept some of the details of how genius Ender 's crooked little mind worked out of the picture . That combined with a change of venue and an otherworldly foe was enough to keep awkward questions from arising in our brains . The genius of Ender 's Game was also that while the kids were super-smart in their military capabilities , they still acted like little kids in other ways . In Hegemon there is too much effort to show off the thinking of the kids ... This whole book is a good object lesson in why Ender 's Game was enjoyable -- alien foe whose motives are shrouded in mystery , novelty of kids being warriors , slightly sinister nature of the main character -LRB- remember wondering if he would turn out like his older brother ? -RRB- , and real tension in the political/personal relationships . In Hegemon , you 've got other humans as the enemy , and worse , recognizible as present day people , the novelty is gone from kid-warriors , the characters are honestly cut-outs and fairly bland , and there is n't any thriller like tension between characters . We know that Achilles is bad , Petra is good . Achilles is not going to be reformed , Petra will not be corrupted.Ah , its all pretty tedious . I wish I had n't read this book so as to recollect Ender 's Game in a better light .
 Ender 's Game is a classic ; Ender 's Shadow is remarkably good ; this book I found disappointing . It picks up where Ender 's Shadow left off
 I liked `` Ender 's Shadow '' enormously , I liked the whole idea of going back to the beginnings of Ender 's story.Therefore , I started to read `` Shadow of the hegemon '' in a flurry of anticipation ... only to realize , after a few pages , that I was BORED.I kept skimming through the pages like an impatient student who HAS TO read `` Beowulf '' for English 101 , and wants to get it over with as soon as possible.The book is filled with ENDLESS discussions ; the author creates artificial emotional confrontations , to hide the lack of action . He is a masterful , most accomplished puppeteer , but the fact remains that here , his characters are not REAL people , only masks.Card 's philosophy , that exceptional individuals shape history , is carried here a little too far . Ender and Bean are , maybe , plausible , but really ... the rest is too much . Just one example
 If you 've been waiting for a good , solid book on Alex Raymond , this is n't it . An artist of Raymond 's stature and influence deserves much better than this effort . Roberts does a good job reproducing some little known Raymond art and that is a treat for fans of his work , but as a writer and biographer he really falls down , providing little insight into either Raymond 's art or life . The book reads as if the author just `` dump-trucked '' everything he could find out about Raymond and his creations into the book with little thought to overall theme , organization , and detail selection . Hence areas where he has a lot of information , e.g. the movement of Raymond 's ship during the war or the cast of Flash Gordon movies , are way over-developed to no purpose . There 's little presentation of Raymond 's character or analysis of his art and his contribution to the medium and to American popular culture . This is more of a fanzine Raymond-fest on slick paper than a solid , professional biography . We 'll have to keep waiting for a good book on this great artist . He certainly deserves one .
 This is far more of a survey than it should be . I expected far more in the way of technical/mathematical subject development than this book provides . Instead , the content is dominated by qualitative discussions about how to tune neural net parameters . This part is worth knowing -LRB- hence the two stars -RRB- , but is not enough to justify an entire book.The math of back propagation learning encompasses all of 4 pages of Ch . 6 . Nearly all the rest of the book are broad-stroke `` examples '' of how people use a proprietary package -LRB- BrainMaker -RRB- to build nets for various applications . The book is practically an add for BrainMaker , which I guess is not surprising since the book is published by `` California Scientific Software Press '' , the makers of BrainMaker . Anyone sense a teeeeny amount of compromised objectivity here?Perhaps my biggest problem with the text is the lack of either implementation examples or code . Anyone who will be reading this will be hardcore CS types who can code , and what they are going to want to see are examples of a working NN and how to code one . What they are n't looking for are instructions on how to used a canned -LRB- and costly -RRB- closed-source software package.There are much better books on the subject than this one ; please , read those and stay away from this one .
 Was forced to read this book as it was a selection of a book group I am part of . Slow , awkward , and sigh-inducing . Gives book clubs a bad name .
 I have to finish this book by the end of March break and do a presentation on it in my grade 11 English class about how good this book is ... we will sure have to think of some big fat lies.The book sounds more interesting than it actually is , I was EXTREMELY grossed out by things the author goes into way too much detail to describe someone taking a poop , random sexual comments , a 13 year old boy suggesting that his mommy drinks some liquor I do n't understand why , and very politics oriented . I found it extremely difficult to pronounce the character 's names and they would associate things with Indian names like well this thing is like the -LRB- Indian name here that you do not understand -RRB- . This book definately needed a dictionary at the back because a lot of times I had to go and read a paragraph a couple of times to try to figure out what it meant.If you get grossed out easily or are offended by minor sexual content then you should definately not read this book also if you are not into politics or understand nothing about Indian culture or words , this book could be a real challenge . There were some good things about it I just do n't know which exactly .
 Having read Fine Balance , I was looking forward to reading Family Matters . However , my expectations were short lived.After reading the book I was left wondering what was the point of the entire book ! -LRB- apart from being a waste of time -RRB- The main characters were not developed thoroughly . . they were far from realistic . The less sad the better about the numerous side characters ! The manner in which Yezad set up his boss was ridiculous , Coomy and Jal destroying their own apartment was even worse , and I did not know whether to laugh , cry or throw the book out whenever I read about the `` handyman '' . The cause of Coomys death was again ridiculous . The author has delved into too many details about parsis and zorastrism which made the book even more boring.Am glad I read this book after Fine Balance ! Wonder if I should bother reading `` Such a long journey `` The only conclusion I have reached is ... just because you liked one book by an author , do not have the same expectations as you will definitely be disappointed .
 In the interests of full disclosure , I should start out by saying that I do n't know a thing about the culture or about literary standards of excellence in this author 's society . However , `` Midaq Alley '' , while a pleasant read , was n't anything to write home about . The characters are lively and the setting fascinating but the author never delves deeply enough into the life of any individual to make you feel as though you fully understand them . The style may have lost something in translation , but it lacked the richness of language and description that I expected to find from an internationally-recognized author.Not bad , but altogether a little disappointing .
 If I were to choose a book that I could not live without , it would certianly not be this one . I think out of all the books that I read , this must be the most boring one . The main character in this book is Hamida , but this book is composed of many characters who have their own little stories within this book . And she represents Egypt in World War 1 . She was tricked into becoming a prostitute for money , makeup , and fancy clothes . If you think about it , Egypt was given the illusion of becoming world power if it were to join the war . When really , all Egypt learned were ... policies . Personally , I did not enjoy this book at all .
 Not really a review , I 'm sure it 's a fine book . The Item is listed on Amazon as being in the English language , but it is in Arabic . Please be aware .
 Palace Street was a lot better.Midaq Alley had too many unbelievable paper thin characters and situations ... A prostitute school ... a person who deforms people 's legs and arms to make them beggars ... It reads like a Jacqueline Suzanne novel with none of the plot or suspense.Surely there are better Arabic writers.I hope so because I am studying the language .
 The premises of the book are
 I purchased this book on the understanding that it was anti-socialist . That is , I thought the author from Eastern Europe had discovered that socialism was a big lie and was going to explain why so many people continue to support socialism even though socialism does not make any sense.The book is not like that . Instead , the author complains about make-believe problems like `` exploitation '' and seems to think that the only problem with Eastern Europe was that there were not enough labor unions . People who truly are anti-socialist will get annoyed if they read this.John Christmas , author of `` Democracy Society ''
 Living in Poland and Yugoslavia -LRB- where this book is mandatatory reading in gymnasiums , certain type of high schools -RRB- during the Iron Curtain period and during the fall of the B. Wall , I disagree that the theory in the book is correct . However , there were persons who could be associated with the certain personality types in the book , but to generalise in this way as Milos did is quite incorrect . For that I give the book two stars.I do n't know how the other reviewers could compare reality with what they read in the book ; but I guess to see it with your own eyes is the best way to test the things . Well , some say - he got the Nobel Prise so the book must be good picture of reality . To those I say , Henry Kissinger got the Nobel Prise for peace -LRB- !? -RRB- and it is well documented what kind of criminal person he is .
 This definitely is NOT the best book for review for the PE Chemical Engineering Exam . It is strewn with errors in the formulas and sample problems . Because this book is written in a size 12 font with 1-3 inch margins at the sides and bottom , it is a lot longer than it should be . This format should give the reader a sense of accomplishment while studying -LRB- Hey , I 've done 10 pages already ! -RRB- , but the sample solutions are so time-consuming to work through that a few simple pages can take an hour . The authors dispense with units on most problems and combine several solution steps into one , leaving the reader to retrace every step to figure out where he got lost . On a PE test , you would be penalized for not referencing your starting equation , not carrying and cancelling units , and other sloppy habits and mistakes committed by the authors . Buy Randall Robinson 's PE Study Guide instead . It is more straightforward , contains much more reference information , and the author has spent more than a week writing the book !
 This book is a completely useless resource for the Chemical Engineering PE Exam . The format and layout of the book is clumsy and poorly structured . The errors in the text are frequent and in my judgement , completely unacceptable considering that the nature of the subject matter is a review for a professional engineer , which implies high standards and an even higher level of performance . The associated sample exam text proves to be more of a hindrance than a help because it leaves the reader with an inadequate amount of information to solve the sample problems and an even more inadequate reference for solutions to the problems . To date , the most effective use of this text that I have been able to devise is its use as kindling for my fireplace . The was , by far , the biggest waste of money that I have ever suffered .
 Do n't be fooled by the updated cover . The paperback version does not fix any of the serious flaws contained in the hardcover version . Do n't waste your money .
 I am not making this up . One of the features listed in bullet form on the cover is : * Written by two achomplished Professional Chemical EngineersI implore you not to buy this book .
 Simply put repetitive and superficial.This book feels like it was written by high school students -LRB- not top of the class either -RRB- at best . If you need some proof as to the depth of philosophical thought that goes into these essays -LRB- most of these supposedly dealing with reality vs apparences , morality , free will -RRB- here 's a direct quote : `` You 'd have to be out of your mind or at least seriously out to lunch to choose the real world -LRB- is that why Keanu Reeves seems so well cast in the role ? -RRB- '' , very insightfull . Later on ... `` The Matrix reveals an adolescent fear of the body as something that can veer out of control . This fantasy suits geeky young males who yearn for autonomy and mental powers '' . This comes from a self titled `` feminist philosopher '' , a geeky old female I guess . Even better is the following
 First let me say that I 'm a big MATRIX fan . I also have a passion for philosophy . I had high hopes for this book but was soon dissapointed . With each new essay I felt I was starting over . The cave analogy became tiresome and I often found the different essayist going over the same topics . The other writters seem to use the movie to go off on ideas that have little to do with the movie . If you 're just starting out in philosophy this might make an o.k. introduction otherwise I would keep looking .
 ... If not pick up a real philosophy book . This is fluff my roommate picked up because he thought the Matrix was ` deep ' . I love the movies but this is pathetic . These concepts are too important to be treated so shallowly . This is a primer for one who has no genuine interest in philosophy .
 Heidegger and an entire tradition in Western Thought that began with Thales back in the day are likely wondering by now if an unexamined life might be best left alone . This is MTV philosophy
 This book is not philosophy . It is a bunch of esays that could never have been published even in a mediocre journal . But put the word `` matrix '' with the word `` philosophy '' and som epeople will by anything .
 I ordered the book for a friend , another professor , but Amazon shipped it UPS with signature required . UPS left two stickers on my door while I was at work and I never got the book.Why not USP -- the US Post ? A paperback book with value of $ 17 does not need to be shipped and handled like opium or gold . If UPS , why signature?Bottom line , it was returned to Amazon , I ate the shipping charges , and bought the book at my local Barnes & Noble . End of review.Great book , BTW . I 'm teaching it next term . But the university will do a brokered order through Bowker and students will pay a 40 % mark-up , I suppose . Who 's getting rich on this racket ? -- Dan Bentley-Baker
 i could n't wait to get this . but then when I started reading it , i just got so fustrated with it . i mean , it was such crap ... what they were saying . they got everything completely wrong . at the end of the book , i was so pissed off , that i started to just write down why hate their stupid little debates they propose . this book is a disgrace to the wachowski brothers and just the matrix phenomenon in general .
 This is a collection of essays by philosophy professors ostensibly discussing the philosophical issues raised by The Matrix movie . As a collection , it does not form an organic whole
 i think this book would be alright for a matrix fan taking their first step into philosophy . but if that is not you , and you expect some kind of growth from a book , i would not suggest reading this .
 The book was strangely pervasive . Chapter by chapter the authors cite the same sources and say the same thing in slightly different ways.About midway through the book , it becomes clear that the chapters have been written by shadow dwellers describing the same shadows that they see from their shackled platonic position in some common academic cave . Perhaps colleagues , wired through some philosopher 's conference , brains in brain vats , enjoying the view from a Matrix of their own making ... That in itself makes it an interesting read .
 I was pleased to see a new volume on film noir come out since it 's been sometime since the publication of Film Noir
 Just another white man trying to prove Europeans and other non-Indians brought civilization to Ixachilan . It is easy to see why he would be jealous ... Indigenous Americans had the most advanced civilizations in the world as of 1519 . The largest city in the world was Mexico-Tenochtitlan . The Mexica had the largest library in the world with information on more subjects than any other civilization . -LRB- Soustelle -RRB- They were also more advanced in medicine than Europeans . -LRB- Soustelle -RRB- The Aztec/Mayan calendars are still the most accurate calendars in the world . -LRB- Mann -RRB- Ancient Mexicans genetically engineered maize in man 's first and greatest feat of genetic engineering . -LRB- Mann -RRB- Mayans invented the concept of 0 before any other civilization on Earth ... Europeans did not understand it until recently . -LRB- Mann -RRB- They were also the greatest mathematicians the world has ever seen . The Olmecs knew that the Earth was round thousands of years before it was accepted in Europe . The Aztec pyramids are the largest in the world . Caral , in South America , will probably be proven to be the oldest of Earth 's civilizations . The pyramids at Caral are older than any in Egypt . So now I ask the author of this book how Europeans could have brought us civilization before they had it themselves ?
 I do n't remember ever ordering this book . I have heard of the book but I never read it . I do not have the book .
 I was extremely disappointed with the electronic article sold by Amazon that is an extract from this book . I looked forward to reading it , because the book topics are all close to my heart and are applications I use multiple times daily . The one hyperlink -LRB- to `` citations '' -RRB- does n't work . The formatting of the article is bad and makes it difficult to read -- headings are not bolded , spacing is poor , no bullets in the very long list of `` resources '' . And there are no hyperlinks to ANY of the web sites , products or companies listed in the extensive list at the end.The article 's content is mundane at best . Nothing new , and written in a very pedantic style that treats the reader as if they know nothing of the technologies being discussed . `` While the iPod is currently the market leader , there are many more digital music players . '' Some of the thought leaders on the named topics are not even cited . The article is touted to be 3,800 + words long ... but 1/3 of those words are simply a list of `` resources '' , under difficult to find headings , with no hyperlinks . Anyone publishing an `` E '' document these days must do better than that . There 's very little value . I requested a refund . If the book is published in the same style/format as the article , then save your money -- unless you have never read anything on P2P , genX gaming , and IM . If you have been living under a rock for the past 10 years , this book is for you .
 Please keep in mind , my review of this book is just over 10 years after 911 happened . I usually agree wholeheartedly with Maher 's point of view but given time to reevaluate 911 with greater hindsight , I would think that even Maher would want a rewrite of this book .
 This is merely another diatribe from a Hollywood elitist who thinks his celebrity status validates his opinion on anything and everything.Recall that Mr. Maher called US Pilots cowardly for bombing from 50,000 feet , while he never risked his life for his country . You will then understand everything this useless book has to offer .
 This is an over-priced , over-sized edition of some of Bill 's philosophy . I love his philosophy , but with the `` poster pages , '' it comes across like an over-priced comic book.His comments are `` right on , '' ... Thus the 2 stars . There 's no bang for the buck .
 Maher says that it 's only right for people to be scrutinized at airports because they 're Muslim . But Bill , how can you tell ? I 'm Lebanese and I 'm Christian . My uncle 's mother-in-law is Arab and she 's Jewish . Christian Palestinians do exist . Shock and awe ! You ca n't tell someone 's religion by seeing what country they 're from . And I have news that may surprise the perspicacious author - not all Muslims are misogynistic killers . Knowledge does win - and I know Bill Maher is very knowledgeable - but I do n't think he should have published this book without being more informed .
 While I remain a fan of Bill Maher , `` When You Ride Alone You Still Ride with Bin Laden '' disappointed me . It was hard , if not impossible at times , to distinguish Bill from a Bush-supporter vs a Bush-basher . His arguments and allegiances seemed to be all over the place in this ... very easy to read ... book . Definitely not his best piece of work .
 This book almost completely lacks any reasoned political analysis . It is completely pitched at the cartoon strip level of political comprehension . Do n't worry you 'll be able to flick through it while eating a large burger without any indigestion . Maher 's main point is that a small number of vested interest elites dominate economic home and foreign policy . That is n't a revelation to any educated European , and it strains belief that contrary is the case in the US . Ever since C.Wright Mills ' Power Elite in the sixties -LRB- which analysed the influences of the military industrial networks growing under Eisenhower -RRB- this point has been made and remade . Maher makes the point again but without the erudition or the data . He preaches on the need for change but invokes formulae that never rise above sloganising.The other aspect of this book that really got on my goat was the relative absence of the ` rest of the world ' in the various polemical pieces . While criticising the US for inwardness , he falls into the same trap by never presenting any reasoned external perspective on US policy.Sure you can agree with some of what he trots out as relevant , but most of his material is close to puerile . Much of it would passs for thoughts from a teenage pool hall where angst rules the night hours.I would n't recommend this book to anyone genuinely interested in political analysis and commentary . However , if you are interested in maintaining a superfical analysis of US policies this is probably the book for you .
 Maher hits on almost as many points as he misses -- not unlike his very politically correct Politically Incorrect television show . The man has a brain , but he 's just mixed up . His book is overloaded with the usual leftist silliness he shares with Michael Moore et al , but he also strikes a cord of common sense from time to time . Is it worth -LSB- the price -RSB- ? No , but it is worth a read both for the small portions of common sense it occasionally doles out and for the insight it provides into the minds of emotional thinkers .
 I will preface this review with the fact that I come from a perspective extremely critical of U.S. foreign policy and of its constant wars -LRB- `` low-intensity '' conflict , the `` war on drugs , '' the wars on oil-containing nations , and the War o -LSB- f -RSB- Terrorism -RRB- . Now you know where I 'm coming from . That said : It appears Mr. Maher was stung quite painfully when Ari Fleischer , Bush 's then-press-secretary , singled him out for denunciation after Maher said on his talk show , Politically Incorrect , that , whatever the 9/11 hijackers were , they were not cowards . As a result , the stricken Mr. Maher lost his show.He appears to have decided to respond to this downturn with a frothing-at-the-mouth , wrapped-in-the-flag nationalist rant , curiously intermingled with a platterful of liberal -LRB- and sometimes even radical -RRB- argumentation in regard to the injustices and inanities in U.S. foreign and domestic policy . Inbetween his rants , he makes excellent points in terms of `` why they hate us , '' and in our -LRB- the people 's -RRB- complicity with the crimes of empire . But , without fail , he returns to anti-enemies-of-the-state and anti-Islam polemics , eerily reminiscent of the `` Hate Week '' histrionics against Goldstein , Orwell 's official enemy of the state in _ 1984 _ . It is apparent that he is trying to vindicate himself by criticizing the `` war on terrorism '' from an ardent pro-war and pro-empire position.But Maher , in this book , did not just fall into line in response to his chastening . He decided to attempt to be one of the ideological drill instructors of the punditry , calling for his critics -LRB- and , of course , the rest of us -RRB- to fall into line as well -- but be nicer about it . In essence , it seems as if he is trying to bark as loudly as his avowedly-right-wing counterparts as he co-opts their position.It 's an extremely ambivalent book -- he makes many excellent points and raises many important issues not raised by mainstream pundits -LRB- as other reviewers here have indicated -RRB- . I recognize this , and it is indeed good . But , the problem is that the overall message undermines these arguments and smothers them in soothing generalities that , in turn , smother critical thought.In his conclusion , he denounces all critics of American foreign policy and empire , self-righteously reaffirming the conservative line that America 's is the gentlest bloody-handed empire -LRB- my not-so-complimentary interpretation -RRB- in history , and therefore is praiseworthy . Of course , Chileans , Nicaraguans , Salvadorans , Vietnamese , Haitians , Iraqis , Venezuelans , Grenadans , Cubans , the Timorese , and so on , would disagree . His quasi-historical concluding polemic , naturally , fails to substantiate itself , but rather speaks in sweeping , comfortable generalizations that pamper our traditional self-image and , in effect , reaffirm the conservative line . In the end , he becomes one of the best assets the neoconservatives could ask for -- an impassioned `` liberal '' who , in effect , argues their case but merely whines about methodology . A splendid example of false consciousness in action . -LRB- Incidentally , this friendliness to the conservative worldview is confirmed by the praise received from self-avowed `` conservatives '' and rightists in these reviews , and from none other than Ann Coulter in her glowing comment quoted on the back cover of the book . If you ever hear conservatives call someone a `` reasonable liberal , '' that should raise some flags . -RRB- When it comes down to it , he is a privileged member of the upper echelons of the corporate media establishment , and he responded hysterically to an outright threat to his ability to stay there . Rather pathetic to observe , really . However , the neocons and `` regular '' cons can surely enjoy the thrust of his book .
 Seeing that Maher thinks he 's hilarious , I thought he would at least write a book that was mildly humorous . Not so.His attempt at humor is lacking in originality and does not spring from a very deep well . This book does not grab you , compel you , make you look at issues differently , or use humor as a tool to change your perspective on current events . He fails at his primary mission to be funny , and his secondary mission to provide insightful commentary in today 's most important issues . Clearly he thought he was being cute and witty in writing this book - too bad it 's as flat as yesterday 's diet coke.True , the points he is trying to make are good ones , and kudos for the attempt , but as far as political humorists go , this guy is at the bottom of the list .
 Then maybe this book would have been worth the purchase price . As it stands , this is more of the same sanctimonious clap trap that grew tired long before his show was cancelled . If you must read it , do yourself a favor - check it out of the library and pocket the dough .
 At least this book actually IS politically incorrect , unlike Mahrs mercifully departed show . However , he gets too much credit for that . Where he lives and hangs out -- in Hollywood -- this IS the majority opinion . It might not play in Peoria , but Mahr caters to his audience as much as any politician , and there are enough of them to make him rich , just like the other over rated blowhard , Michael Moore .
 Maher is a pompous jerk that is as arrogant as the conservatives he condemns .
 The comments in this `` picture book '' on Islam being forced on the people , are historically misguided . Historians have , across the board , termed this `` sword '' claim as a `` debunked hypothesis '' -LRB- See Philip K. Hitti 's , A Short History of the Arabs 1973:59 -RRB- . An analysis of the adoption of Islamic names reveals that over a century and a half after the `` conquests '' , less than 10 % of the population of those areas was Muslim . This suggests that the masses accepted Islam much later and not as a result of the conquest -LRB- see Albert Hourani 's , A History of the Arab Peoples -LRB- 1991 -RRB- , page 46-47 -RRB- . Prominent Western historians -LRB- like Edward Gibbon -RRB- have called this `` sword '' propaganda a myth . Why are you perpetuating a myth that has been debunked by experts who scientifically analyze the evidence?The author 's silence about `` Holy Violence '' in the Torah , and the explicit racism of the Old Testament that has been translated into the present day apartheid regime of modern Israel , shows dishonesty and insincerity . He claim that U.S Foreign Policy can not be criticized by today 's Muslims because Muslims who lived 1400 years back allegedly had a `` conquering to convert '' foreign policy is not only absurd , it reeks of the Israeli claim that since their ancestors allegedly inhabited Palestine 2000 years back , they are justified today in stealing the entire area from its indigenous Arab population.It is a almost non-researched , agenda driven `` picture '' book .
 Hello ! This guy is a comedian . If you want a meaningful hsitoical perspective , read something by Victor Davis Hanson .
 This is one of the best , most comprehensive books I have ever read concerning `` low-intensity confilicts '' and the kind of engagements America finds itself in nowadays . The account is sombering . There is great characterization . There are high points -LRB- the Delta Force rescue , Army SF & SEAL actions -RRB- and there are low points -LRB- the PJ rescue & Arrowhead presence patrol -RRB- . Once again the truth the America is almost too-civilized to win a fight against a foe that has a fighting spirit . I hope the author writes again !
 Bill Maher is getting a pretty sweet deal out of our society . Before September 11 , all he knew how to do was utterly failing to be funny , and it seemed that in time he would be duly forgotten . But now , he realizes that all he has to do is claim that a gang of terrorists are actually the world 's greatest heroes , and the mainstream media goes berserk , actually believing he poses a deadly threat to America , and he gains a legion of adoring groupies that believe the refutation of his ludicrous diatribes that follows easily from the most basic reasoning proves that he must be a genius oppressed because of his utter brilliance.However , one thing must be made clear
 Bill Maher TV show should have been called Politically Correct . Maher is a lefty stooge who spends some of his time hanging out at the Playboy mansion with Hef . The good news is Hef 's `` empire '' is losing money hand over fist so Maher will eventually have to go out and find his own whores.Maher constantly parroted the Democratic Party line on his incredibly lame TV show . This book is another DNC cut & paste job . Maher fails to address the Clinton open border policy & the uncontrolled immigration policies which was a primary cause of 9-11 . Mr. Atta , 9-11 terrorist leader , laughed at the joke security & INS polocies at Miami airport . During the same period of time , the Clinton 's INS devoted a huge amount of resources to catch Elian Gonzalez . Meanwhile , Atta was slipping in and out of the U.S. through Miami airport & laughing his head off.In addition , Maher fails to address why Clinton failed to do anything after we were bombed 6 times and ambushed once by Al Qeada . Clinton sent Louis Freeh 's corrupt FBI to investigate and did nothing else . Clinton felt bombing Kosovo for 70 days would get Monica off the front page . Tackling Al Qeada or a real threat might hurt Clinton poll numbers.Bill Maher never addresses why 9-11 & Bin Laden happened , he just make more excuses for Bill Clinton and blames SUV drivers.Avoid this garbage . Maher proves in his tome that he really is a sleazy character .
 Ignorance is interesting ... thus an extra star.While you are all busy attempting to find some kernel of truth with one another , Bill Maher is probably off cavorting with Hugh Hefner and his little bunnies . Maher 's association with Hefner is telling on many levels . Among them are
 I have mixed feelings about this book . I 'm not familiar with most of Bill Maher 's work , but it 's hard to deny that he brings a fresh perspective and a high degree of personal honesty
 When a comedian becomes a philosopher you get `` comosophy . '' But the pictures were enjoyable .
 Was very surprised this was a lift the flap book as there was no indication of that in the title or descriptions / reviews . I am debating returning it . Pictures are very cute but really repeats the same thing page after page . Does an elephant use the potty ? No , A bear , No etc. . Flaps are separate pages attatched by 1/8 inch seam which my 2 year old could easily rip off if I do n't add more tape . Maybe that is why they list it as for 4yr olds ... but most of them would not need this book . See The Potty Book for Boys -LRB- maybe there is one for girls -RRB- by Alyssa Satin Capucilli for a more diverse book . It also has quite durable pages !
 I picked the book up because I wanted to see if the author could pull this story off in a believable way . I think he missed the mark , at least with me . The characters where out of a bad 1950 's B movie and this lack of character depth plus the far fetched story did not get enough credibility with me . There are many other books out there that a much better , reread a Clancy if you can find nothing else .
 Once again I was grossly disappointed to find bad biology in fiction . IT IS N'T THAT HARD TO DO YOUR RESEARCH ! The authors obviously know their physics , but when it came to biology and evolution -LRB- the chapter dealing with mutant super-heros -RRB- , they had NO CLUE . They were even putting words into C. Darwin 's mouth - as if he ever uttered the word `` mutation . '' And another thing , the theory of evolution was n't Darwin 's alone . The theory was formulated at the same time by both Darwin and Alfred Wallace , Darwin had more supporting evidence , had more money , and could publish sooner . Gresh and Weinberg apparently can spend numerous chapters about the life of a star , but that ca n't get that one little fact correct.Also , G&W ; use the `` hopeful monster '' theory of evolution -LRB- without using that little title -RRB- which is grossly outdated . They get vast quantities of their assumptions wrong -LRB- i.e. `` most mutations are beneficial '' when if fact , any biologist could tell you the truth , that most mutations are deleterious to the organism -RRB- . I could go on and on , but I 've wasted enough time complaining.Overall , I enjoyed the book , but their gross simplification , and outright incorrectness ruined my reading enjoyment . If they write a sequel , I 'd be happy to help them out with the biology prior to publishing .
 Does n't leave a lot of room for imagination . Of course we know a lot of these characters are impossible , that 's what 's fun . Stick to the science and let the imaginative aspects alone.The evolution rant was tedious , unnecessary and had nothing to do with superheroes . Next time , let 's hope the authors leaves their personal soapboxes at home .
 Less than half the book discuss the science behind the superheroes they talk about . Rather they go into lengthy history lessons about the origins of the characters when two sentences saying these are this person 's powers , this is how they got them , would be enough . Then you could go into an indepth treatment saying whether or not the powers have at least some grounding in reality then compare them with some current technology that may be close to duplicating some of these powers.They talk about the Fantastic Four only in the contect of how they got their powers , say they are too silly to even discuss , and move on to re-write the Hulk 's origin in a more realistic way . Why not talk about invisibility ? What are the links with current technology ? There was a guy on Guiness book of world records that can stretch his skin A LOT so why not mention something like that and try to make a link about how you could control it . For example , recent studies with Octopi have shown that they actually walk on the sea floor using two of their tentacles . They fill these with water making them more rigid and thats how they can support some of their weight without the need for a skelatal structure.I thought the X-men chapter would be good , but instead I got a lecture on Creationism and Evolution . I expected examining Superman 's powers in depth and all I got was 10 pages of discussing whether aliens could exist . Not to mention the fact that having Krypton 's gravity stronger DOES NOT explain super-strength . He was not born on Krypton , therefore never experienced higher gravity . Being able to withstand a higher gravitational field would NOT be a genetic trait either . Even if he was used to the higher gravitational field , you would eventually become used to the lower one and the super abilities would go away.Not a very good book in my opinion and the sequal `` The Science of Super Villains '' looks equally as bad .
 I have never felt as compelled to write an online review of a product as I do right now ... First of all , the very title of this book is blatantly misleading . And I believe this was intentional . This is n't the science OF superheroes , this is the science AGAINST superheroes . -LRB- Well , it is against all of them except the X-Men , but we 'll get into that one in a bit . -RRB- What the authors have done here is taken what could have potentially been a fun little ride through the land of superheroes , and turned it into a mean spirited trek through your most boring physics class.After reading the title , you might expect to see a book describing the scientific aspects of how superheroes exist and function . But you would be wrong . Instead , the authors go well out of their way to disprove any notion that superheroes could exist . I believe this was intentionally given a misleading title because they knew someone interested in superheroes would not be buying a book saying they are impossible . I mean , come on ... we all know they are impossible , be we would like to see science that shows what might be possible . But this book does none of that . This book is only about ripping the superhero genre to shreds.Not only is the book 99 % negative , but it is written in a way that is very degrading to fans of superhero based comic books . Like other reviewers have said , it is as though the authors are just trying to bash comic books and fans of them . Reading this book gives you the feeling that they would just love to tell us `` Are you stupid ? Do n't you realise this is impossible ?!? `` The science is n't entirely accurate either . For all of the looking down their noses at us that they do , these two enlightened people do n't exactly have all their facts straight . For example , in the chapter about Henry Pym , they describe how a person that is getting larger would actually become weaker with size , so that eventually he would not even be able to support his own weight . So that means that my 36 year old body is impossible because I am alot bigger than I was when I was 5 . But yet , here I am . Heck , maybe I 'm a superhero ... I guess dinosaurs were impossible too , because they were pretty doggone big . The authors also say that Pym shrinking down to ant size would increase his relative strength tremendously . If this would be the case , at 5 ' -11 '' I can lift my own weight so that would mean that a person significantly smaller than me , such as a midget , should be able to lift many time his/her own weight . I do n't think so ... Now , the famous X-Men chapter ... As a believer in the Bible , I am deeply offended by this chapter . Not one single scientific fact was made about the X-Men . NOT A SINGLE ONE . Instead , the authors used this chapter as a soapbox to deliver a long tirade about how they think Creationists are trying to deceive the world about our origins . They go on to say that everyone who believes in Creationism thinks that the world was created on October 22 , 4004 BCE !!! Let me tell you , I believe that God created the Universe , but I have never heard this mess about October 22 , 4004 BCE . Through this entire chapter , they do nothing but ridicule and insult people who believe in God and Creation . Then to top it all off , they end the chapter by saying the X-Men are not only possible , but probable in our future !!!! So , we get to look forward to guys shooting lasers our of their eyes , people controlling the weather with their minds , people who can morph into perfect copies of other people , not to mention others who can walk through walls , freeze moisture in the air , shoot fire from their hands , etc. . . Hey , the authors said all this is probably going to happen in our future !! -LRB- sigh -RRB- This chapter alone was enough to make me stop reading this book . It was not a very enjoyable read to begin with , but once I got to the end of the X-Men chapter I had enough . And from other reviews , I see that the authors think Donald Duck is the shining example of a good scientific comic book . As one other reviewer said ... Talking Ducks ... To sum it all up , I do n't see that there is any market for this book . People wanting to know the science behind their favorite superhero are not going to enjoy this book because they will find out that nothing supports their favorite character , unless that character just happens to be blue and can teleport with a BAMF sound , which in that case the authors say that is entirely probable . People who are not interested in superheroes are not going to buy this book for obvious reasons . So who does that leave as the target audience of this book ?? No one.And that is exactly who I would recommend this book to .
 I have n't done this in awhile , but I do n't think I could review this piece any better than the other reviews I 've read about it . It 's pretty average , however filled with nice bits of knowledge . They did n't seem well-researched in some areas . Here are the interesting parts of reviews from the other `` critics '' that I agree with ... `` they go into lengthy history lessons about the origins of the characters when two sentences ... would be enough . '' - John Gallant `` Biased against superheros -LRB- sic -RRB- '' - Christopher Ritter `` I found this book to be tedious , lacking in charm , badly researched and wildy inaccurate in some areas . '' - C.P. Halliday `` I picked up this book . '' - Lawrance M. Bernabo `` Their belief seems to be that Donald Duck was the best comic book ever ... '' - M.G. Bloedorn `` Pretty boring . '' - BernardZ '' ... a black hole is hypothesized , lending a faint respectability to the premise behind Green Lantern 's abilities . '' - Peter Vinton Jr. '' ... this book will not satisfy full on fans ... '' - James N. Simpson < -- gave it five stars . `` a chance to laugh about the heroes I still love and that mean so much to me . '' - Reviewer `` Man , there 's a whole 200 pages of this pooh-poohing , cranky-old-maid kind of stuff ! '' - Mark Alfred `` They were even putting words into C. Darwin 's mouth . '' - Aaron Spriggs `` Mildly entertaining but not great '' - Reviewer `` When the man -LRB- Dean Koontz in this case -RRB- writing the introduction says he does n't read comics , I began to get worried . '' - Ivan A. Wolfe `` I agree with an earlier poster . '' - Reviewer `` Almost every chapter tells you why the superhero is impossible . '' Plastic Larry `` the authors give us a more plausible -LRB- given what we know now -RRB- origin for the Hulk , involving steroids and fluorescent gene modification . '' - J. Draper Carlson `` this book is not mean spirited or nasty . '' Reviewer `` Superman 's powers break the laws of science . Ooh . Stop the presses . '' - -LSB- ... -RSB- `` interesting . '' - Rick Hunter `` The Science of Superheroes , '' - Reviewer
 Superman 's powers break the laws of science . Ooh . Stop the presses . Y' know , if you 're looking for abject realism in comic books , a medium literally -- LITERALLY -- built ENTIRELY and WHOLLY on the notion that a pair of hornrimmed glasses is an effective disguise , you really ought to go find some other pool to pee in . A book contrasting Einsteinian physics with the delightful fantasy magic of super-hero derring-do actually sounded as if it 'd be fun to read , but I was taken aback that the last two sentences of every chapter might as well have been , `` So , in conclusion , super-heroes are ... well ... just stupid . Are n't you glad you know that now ? '' THE SCIENCE OF SUPERHEROES leeches all the charm and sense of wonder out of these adolescent-fantasy characters without offering in place any qualities equally -LRB- or even remotely -RRB- as uplifting or imaginative , and reading it is like listening to someone try to sound entertaining by explaining a joke . Next in the series
 Almost every chapter tells you why the superhero is impossible . Gresh has no imagination in trying to figure out how future science may explain a superhero.If Gresh lived in the past , he would probably prove how electricity or flight is impossible or rockets or the internet . The original comics do a better job in explaining the heros.Dince Gresh likes cartoons better thean comic `` That 's all folks ''
 I was n't very impressed with this book . The writer is full of himself . Gresh and Weinberg use the opportunity to demolish the science in fiction behind superheroes rather than offer alternative theories for superhero origins that are palatable . It seems as if the main purpose of the book is to affirm the authors are a scientific authority . To make matters worst on pages 133 through 142 the writers go on a tirade against Creationism and not just in the pages of comic books but in general , offering no justification as to why the topic is included let alone covered in a book that by title leads one to think of a work highly objective and honest in investigation . Fortunately the writers do not include in their study superhero powers normally considered ` outside ' the realm of science such as the ` Power Cosmic ' -LRB- Marvel Comics/Galactus , Silver Surfer , etc. , -RRB- and the Supernatural -LRB- Thor , Dr. Strange , Shazam/Captain Marvel , The Spectre -RRB- . It 's just as well for both are clearly beyond the limited scope of this book , philosophically to say the least.The only good thing that I can say about The Science of Superheroes is that it 's an excellent resource for writers contemplating new superheroes who want to avoid highly publicized mistakes made by writers before them .
 I had very high hopes for this book , sadly I was very disappointed.The only reason I finished the book was to give it as thorough and un-biased review as possible . The first couple of chapters were quite enjoyable , but the rest of the book just kept me wishing that it was going to get better.What bothered me the most about this book was the frequent use of the word `` impossible '' . The closed minded approach to the science they addressed is reminiscent of somebody saying the world is flat , that the earth is the center of the universe , that submarines were works of only inventive writers or that the sound barrier can not be broken . The book states that traveling past the speed of light is impossible -LRB- the chapter about the Flash -RRB- , but in a later chapter it goes on to say that time travel is possible . Combine this with the book contradicting itself in the same chapter -LRB- the chapter about Spider-Man -RRB- and you end up wanting to throttle the authors for their inconsistency.Then there is the completely irrelevant discussion of creationism in the chapter that was supposed to be about the X-men and evolution . The discussion took up most of the chapter and had nothing to do with mutation.It is obvious by the end of the book that the authors have done little to zero research on any comic book written since the 80 's . Their belief seems to be that Donald Duck was the best comic book ever and that there are no strong super heroines.Do not waste your time or hard earned money on this book . It has a few -LRB- very few -RRB- shinning moments of good writing . But they do not offset the obvious dislike of comic books and those who work in the comic book industry .
 I can only echo what the 2stars or lower reviewers said : This is a lazily-written book that craps all over an interesting premise . Too much time on origin stories -LRB- apparently to bloat the page-count -RRB- , when 95 % of the target audience knows all this stuff.If you 're a comics fan who wants to know what 's possible , impossible and if there 's `` any way these things could happen , '' you 'll come away very dissapointed . The only part that rises above itself is the alternative , more plausible explanation for the Hulk 's origins.The X-Men chapter is awful -LRB- for an evolution vs creatonism ` debate , ' google it , and any random piece will be better written -RRB- . Even the science is off , or at least not followed through . While the Square-Cubed Law is touched on -LRB- why Ant Men and Giant Ants will never happen -RRB- , the same rules/restrictions are not factored into the issue of super-strength . I know why Spider-Man has almost nothign to do with a `` six foot spider '' . But tell me why he -LRB- or any human sized living creature -RRB- is prohibited from `` pressing 10 tons '' -LRB- Marvel Universe stat -RRB- . Or are they?Too much of this book is about why all this is `` impossible '' , using 9th grade physics . But none of it , or virtually none of it , exlores how it _ could be _ . How strong could an Iron Man be in reality ? If we could somehow alter the genes to strength bones/muscle , how powerful could a Spider-Man type be ? Is there any way to circumvent Sqaure-Cube Law , or the restrictions of size-scaling ? THAT 'S what I wanted to hear about.Buy it if it 's avaialable used for a buck or two , but otherwise you 'll be really dissapointed .
 I really wanted to like this book , as I have a fondness for the writing of Robert Weinberg . However , I found this book to be tedious , lacking in charm , badly researched and wildy inaccurate in some areas.While it 's clear that the authors -LRB- or at least one of them -RRB- love comic books , it 's also clear that they have n't done much reading of them since the early 80 's . The book spends much of its length deriding the lack of scientific thought behind superheroes , ignoring the efforts of modern writers to make their characters at least slightly more realistic . Frequently , the characters that they dissect are the 1950 's versions , while in the comic books those characters have moved on considerably.Also , I found the whole direction of the book disappointing . Sure , there 's a good deal of accurate science here , but there 's also some spurious material , and when it appears it 's almost always used to disprove a `` superheroic '' possibility . In fact , the entire book seems designed to show us how superheroes are impossible , which seems to carry with it the message that science is boring . It would have been far more engaging to show how certain superheroes -LRB- or approximations of them -RRB- might be scientifically possible.Compare and contrast this book to the far more interesting and engaging `` The Science of Superman '' by Mark Wolverton and Roger Stern . Sure , it 's less scientifically rigourous , but it 's also much more interesting and more likely to encourage the reader to delve more into the subject . The sub-text of this book appears to be `` superheroes are impossible , and you 're stupid for reading about them . `` That said , there are some interesting sections . The science is , for the most part , good , if a little out-dated . Just do n't rely on this book for an idea of what modern superheroes are about .
 It 's incredibly rare for me to not finish a book once I start reading ; I feel that I at least owe it to the author to get to the end.Couldn ' t do it on this one . Way to boring.I was excited about reading this as I had read `` Science of Star Trek '' -LRB- no idea if it 's the same author or not -RRB- and found that book to be very good . The author states on the page for the Superhero book that he is on a mission to write one book for every year alive . He is turning into a book writing machine and it shows.Too much detail about things that do n't need to be explained , e.g. I do not care about the history of comic books.Boring writing style.I really wanted to give this book five stars because these type of books make science entertaining and fun to learn about .
 Really disappointed when I received this used book . It was well used ! All the page corners were curled and the cover was falling apart . There are also a lot of highlighting marks in the book . Will definitely be throwing it out when I 'm done with it because I know I wo n't be able to sell it .
 As a person who is fond of Calvin , Turretin , Bavinck , Murray , Lloyd-Jones , C.S. Lewis , Schaeffer , Poythress , et . al , I found Kline is only one step to heresy.For example , `` Let us make man in Our image , according to Our likeness ... '' -LRB- Gen. 1:26 -RRB- Who are `` us '' here ? Kline says `` angels '' -LRB- see also p. 242 in The Genesis Debate , ISBN-13
 Waste of money if you buy it ; Waste of time if you read it ; A perfect example of `` eisgesis ''
 I reviewed the originalNo David!several months ago , when I proudly awarded it zero stars . I will be only slightly less caustic here , allowing for the fact that -LRB- most -RRB- schools no longer tolerate corporal punishment , and at the end of the day , it is still Mom and Dad 's responsibility to raise a well-adjusted child . Lazy parents can not expect a teacher to do their job , although sadly many take this opt-out approach.So it 's no surprise to see David acting out in class just like he did at home . Chewing gum , cutting the lunch line , physically accosting classmates , and generally causing mayhem . Why ? Because his low self-esteem compels him to crave attention , even if that is negative attention.After cleaning all the desks with a sponge and a bucket of soapy water -- perhaps scrubbing the toilets with a toothbrush might have taught a more lasting lesson -- David earns a star from his teacher in much the same way as a puppy might be rewarded for * not * pooping on the floor , and he is finally allowed to go home . Do his parents wonder why he is so late , or is he in detention so often that it is has become routine?To the extent that problem children * do * exist , and that your child may very well have one in his or her classroom , David Goes to School might provide useful validation . But like the original , innumerable opportunities are missed to actually teach David why his behavior is antisocial and unacceptable . I still think these books glorify poor behavior , and for that reason , it gets the lowest possible rating from me.First Scholastic paperback printing , September 2001
 I was left with a multitude of feelings after reading this book , if you can call it a book . It is VERY VERY short , too short to even keep a kindergartener interested . One whole page the text is `` no david no '' . The moral message of this book is horrible , its funny that this child mis-behaves ? Real junk . The only talent is the artist . Skip this one , there are tons of GREAT books out there , with a GREAT moral story and are amusing and interesting .
 My 5 year old was bored with this book ... it 's just too short ! It has great art work , but I do not recommend this book due to the extreme shortness of the book ... there really was no story at all .
 This book came so very close to being a wonderful follow-up to No , David ! I could almost cry . The illustrations are fantastic , the situations are realistic -LRB- sadly mischievous and adventurous David is trapped in a very traditional school -RRB- . It is the ending that I can not stand ! SPOILER ALERT
 I guess if you want a negitive book that has a child constantly being yelled at and told no , then this is the book for your family . I think it is the wrong message & promotes nothing worthwhile to a child about school . And to see the teacher giving David a gold star at the end is plainly disgusting . We received it as part of a gift & it is being recycled . Nothing like a good bribe to finish the day . I am shocked at the amount of positive reviews . I find it appalling that there are more `` no '' david titles . Thought it was just a single book . I suppose it fits the public school model , behave or else . I would act out too if all I ever heard was no , no , no , do n't . So many wonderful kids books out there and this one has a following . Sad . Not in my house . And if my kid was that kid in that school , I find a new school fast . The book had been in my donate box , my daughter found it today & insisted on reading it . After we read it she said , `` I am glad my school is n't like that . '' Me too , I told her . Decided not to donate it but toss it in the recycle can , no other kid should think that is ok . : -LRB-
 I liked No David ! and was eager to read this book , but all I got out of it was what a BRAT he was . This is NOT a good book for children to read if they 're going to think they want to be like David and act like this at school . Heaven help teachers everywhere if parents and their children think this book is actually funny . VERY IRRESPONSIBLE , Mr. Shannon !!
 I bought this book based on the 5 star ratings it got . What were these people thinking ? It 's a very negative book . Each page shows the kid doing something else wrong . Finally he gets a star after staying after school . This is not what I want to teach my son about what kindergarten is like ! My first amazon return .
 The story is a fun one ... It 's quick and easy for parents to read to their child before bedtime . The illustrations are fun and keep the child interested . But , for the money you 're paying for the book , I would like to have more content presented . The story is cute , but less than imaginative . I purchased the story based on Newsweek 's recommendation . I do not concur . This is a waste of money to purchase . Check it out from the library . Reading it once IS definately enough .
 First of all , I got this book for $ 1 through my son 's Scholastic book order . What a waste of money !!! I only paid $ 1 and I felt it was waaaaay too much . Free would be too much as well . The only place this book belongs is in the garbage . I got this book after reading all the great reviews on here thinking it might be helpful to my new kindergartner . WRONG-O ! So , do n't believe the other reviews . I do n't know what redeeming qualities they see in this book . It is so negative . What child would want to go to school thinking his teacher was going to be nagging at him every second !? The book : David 's teacher always said : NO , DAVID!No yelling.No pushing.No running in the halls.David ! You 're tardy!Sit down , David!Don ' t chew gum in class!David , raise your hand!Keep your hands to yourself!PAY ATTENTION!Wait your turn , David!I do n't care who started it!David ! Recess is over!Shhhhhh!Again ?! -LRB- Referring to his need to use the restroom -RRB- That 's it , Mister!You 're staying after school!David , have you finished ? -LRB- picture shows him with a sponge , bucket , and a room full of clean desks -RRB- GOOD JOB , DAVID ! -LRB- handing him a gold star -RRB- Yes , David ... You can go home now.I will be throwing this book in the garbage . My kids have great teachers . They are great students . They do n't need any negative ideas on how to misbehave or how a teacher might belittle them.You 've been warned . Do n't waste any precious money on this book . One dollar was too much of mine .
 I read this sequel to `` No , David '' with great anticipation and excitement . `` No , David '' is one of the all time favorite books that I love to read both for myself and to read at my child 's elementary school . The final page , where Davids ' mother affirms her love * always * makes me shed at least a tear or two . `` David Goes to School '' is NOT such a book . While the author means well , this volume is not anywhere nearly as fresh as his first David book . Indeed , I would say that it borders on being pretentious.If anyone would like another Shannon book to add to their library of childrens lit I would recommend `` A Bad Case of Stripes '' . A beautiful book with text that reads smoothly .
 If there was a rating of O I would have chosen that . This book is just plain awful . Anyone putting this in the hands of a child will certainly have no right to complain when thier kid starts acting like this creepy David . If you laugh at this book , and think what this brat is doing is cute , then you can expect your child to start exhibiting the behavior also , and wo n't he be suprised when you reprimand him for behaving just like this kid , but when reading it you laughed and thought it was oh so cute . Confusing for your kid dont you think?Its horrible that this kid does so many wrong things , basically gets no discipline except a tiny bit at the end and never seems to have to apologize . This would be a slap in the face to any child who maybe did get in trouble , and a slap in the face of the parents of a child who got in trouble , as if its not bad enough they may have gotton in trouble so now they have to be reminded of it?This David child is an undisciplined spoiled brat and I have no idea why some paretns feel its ok to let thier kids read this . Would they let thier kid hang out with a child like David ? I doubt it . Why let them read about it and think its funny ? Its not funny at all the way this kid acts in any of these books . His behavior is unruly , disorderly , ill mannered , rude , gross , and completely undisciplined and some parents praise that by buying these books ?? Disgusting .
 First of all , I was forced to pick a star rating for this when it shouldnt recieve any . This book is a horrible thing to put in the hands of child . This book is supposed to have been based on the life of an actual person ??? Anybody who would consider buying this book must not care about influencing their children with negative behavior , negative feelings and only prefer them to forcibly and completely understand the meaning of no , picking out their faults and how most to come down on children wrecking thier self esteem , rather than praise them and show them alternative choices . This book is about nothing but a bratty pain in the butt kid who does nothing but get in trouble and cause problems . Its crap . I dont think he 's funny at all and I actually find him disturbing . It seems to me , David is ADHD , or needs to be in a special programs class . He hurts peoples feelings , is rude and disrespectful , destroys things , does things that are totally gross , and is never told how to correct his behavior . Sure he does his punishment at the end of the book , but then , is never made to aplogize for anything he did . The only positive page is when the last page says `` good job '' I prefer to read positive , uplifting , nice , educatonal books to my children . He grosses people out , has no manners , and is a discipline nightmare . And I certainly wouldnt be proud to write about it if it were my child , or if it was myself portrayed as a child . I wouldnt be happy if a kid like this was in my son 's class -LRB- and definitely wouldnt be laughing about it since kids of this nature take time away from the kids who actually want to learn -RRB- and certaily wouldnt be proud and laughing if it were my child who was acting this way . We recieved this book as a gift for our son , and like other children , sure he has gotton in trouble at school . He is in kindegarten and he was hanging out with the troublemaker -LRB- the real David -RRB- and they both got in trouble . This was his only time getting in trouble . He has since steered clear of him and has had no problems . He recieved this book about three weeks after getting in trouble and he was crushed , like he should constantly be reminded he got in trouble . He absolutely hated it and the thought the pictures were ugly and even my three year old daughter said `` those pictures are freaking me out . '' Unfortuneatley it was written in when we recieved it and now can not return or exhcange it which is disappointing since its going to end up in the trash since I dont want it ending up in the hands of any other children . After reading it through once , I was appalled at the amount of negativity , and my husband said the only place that book should be is in the fireplace , and he was amazed any sane , loving , caring , person would buy this self esteem stripping negative book for a child . I have seen another one in the series and it too , is nothign but negative . These little minds we read to are SO impressionable . So if you are so inclined to introduce your children to how to do everything absolutely wrong , get picked on all the time about doing wrong things , and then never have to aplogize for thier behavior , then by all means buy the book . All this says is people think its funny that this kid acts this way , then we have a bunch of little kids acting this way with them thinking its funny when in the real world doesnt think so . And only have to do one small task to make up for a whole day or week of acting like a undisciplined primate . And any parent who gets this book , who may have a kid who acts this way , may feel its a personal stab at them , along with the child thinking bad about himself as well . One page of telling a kid `` good job '' doesnt stick in the mind of a child . Pages and pages of wrong and people laughing about it thinkig its funny , will . So if you truly care about your children , and prefer them to grow up praised and loved and with a feeling of security and them feeling they doing the right things , rather than continually pointing out the wrong things , then dont buy it . Its a waste of money when you could be buying something so much more uplifting and postitve and certainly more educational . There are hundreds of thousands of childrens books out there . Pass this up because Im sure there is something much better for your children to be filing away in their litlte minds .
 My two boys , 2 and 31/2 , LOVE `` No ! David ! '' . They start laughing on the first page , and are delighted all the way through . This second book just is n't funny for this age group , with the exception of just one or two pages . I think that my children , who thoroughly enjoy the naughty antics in `` No ! David ! '' , and probably relate to them , just do n't understand what David is up to in his `` big kid in school '' setting -LRB- arriving after the bell , cutting in the lunch line , having to use the rest room repeatedly , etc -RRB- . If possible , borrow the book from the library and see if your child appreciates David 's new situations before purchasing the book . For an older child , it may be one to read over and over .
 This book was n't very romantic in my opinion . I do n't think Ruby Gillis was treated very nice in the beginning half of the book . It should have gotten more in about Avonlea , it was too much about college and was kind of boring .
 `` The Journal of Augustus Pelletier
 Creating historical fiction is a fine art . Where history is known , it should be respected . The opportunity for the historical fiction author should be to fill in the blanks with supposition and to tie together events for the flow of the story . Or , if the work is really a fiction , loosely tied to a real event , that should be made PERFECTLY CLEAR to the reader . This book fails to accomplish either of these goals . There was no person by the name of Augustus Pelltier who accompanied the Corps of Discovery to the Pacific and back . Too many children will wind up with a strangely warped view of this American saga . The tale is so full of adventure and excitement that it easily stands on its own . If the author desired the viewpoint of a young person as the main character , she could have used George Shannon , Sacagawea or Jean Baptiste Charbonneau , the youngest REAL members of the expedition . Reader beware !!!
 My 2-year-old daughter adores Maisy . We have many of these books , and I read a couple of them during our bedtime routine . My daughter also loves flipping through some of the books and `` reads '' them to herself.This one in particular , though , is not a favorite ; my daughter never chooses this one , and there is n't much of a reaction when I read it to her . And , I must say , the `` plot '' is even more nonsensical than usual for Maisy books . It just seems random . And , evidently , my daughter feels the same way ! The bedtime one is the best one , according to my daughter .
 I have not yet read the entire book , though I do quite enjoy what I have read , this edition of the novel suffers from some very severe printing errors . Namely , the first 3 chapters or so are out of sync with the rest of the book . The first page of the book is page 16 , and there seems to be fragments of a forward and an author 's note printed throughout this section . The rest of the book appears okay , though .
 It would be a good movie , but in reality III World war would be much different . We read books and wach movies to expirience what we want to expirience . In the reald world III world war would last for decades , without the nuclear weapons . And at last there would be no winners .
 I would like to let every one who are reading this to know I believe Tom Clancy 's is one of the best techno thrillers author of our time -LRB- also Dale Brown -RRB- . I read op-center and was slightly dissapointed but then I read this long epic !!! called Red Storm rising . The book start out with a exciting plot that perfectly reels the reader into the novel with an explosion of an Russian Oil Refinery at first I thouht to my self how real Tom clancy is at making well formed plots at the very begining of the novel . He properly introduce to us , each character and thier background and motives , and also their `` beloved weapons of destuction '' -LRB- AK47 automatic assualt rifles -RRB- but then when the chapter is finish . I start to realize to my self the weak story and where it 's leading to , I asked my self why would the soviet union blow up thier oil complex that produces 30 % of the nation 's oil . This was only one of the weak plots on the this long `` Un-clancy like novel '' then the soviet union would then take out 4 colonels and properly make it look like a terrorist agent working for west germany intelligence agency did it , when the americans have him as prisoner at langley virginia -LRB- C.I.A headquaters -RRB- -LRB- questioning him -RRB- was very confusing . Then Russia in thier supposed time of crisis feel that they should open up diplomatic ties with Nato and the United States is very unlikley of a real world war 3 senario . -LRB- why would russia think the U.s and Natto would fall for it when they have eyes every where -RRB- I would give Clancy credit in a real world War 3 situation , I believe the Russian would have their eyes set on Iceland because of it 's strategic position they could use in closing off the american-Europe trade route.If i was writing a techno thriller -LRB- although im only 17 -RRB- I would have the `` Russian mafia '' behind the action of blowing up the oil complex in which the money was being funnel to them through politicians in order to bring on a new war era in Soviet Union.Well Tom Clancy im sure you would probably right a better novel than I would.Red storm also go wrong in the submarines battles i cant not figure out why sonarman are always calling out `` bearings '' anyone reading this please answer my question ? well back to the novel the ending wasnt so spectacular either but still a some what solid book by Tom Clancy .
 This story lacks passion , character development , and most of all , an interesting plotlines . Their is no crucial conflict , no culmination , no threat that either side may win or lose . The story lacked intensity , and made of for it with it 's exceptional reality . However , reality may work for some fiction , it did not for this one . Overall , I think this story used mediocrity as it 's paradigm
 This is a very clever book , as far as I could make out , but very overrated . There were a few good , suspenseful scenes , but the military action was awfully repetitious . Perhaps the action is accurate and realistic , and it could potentially make an exciting movie , but it does not make good reading.The basic premise , that the Soviet Union starts World War III in order to get oil , was ironic , given that President Bush has repeatedly been accused of attacking Iraq for the same reason . In both cases , I found the reasoning unconvincing.Clancy 's writing is pretty odinary , and often sloppy . I was particularly annoyed by the continual use of unexplained acronyms - I tried looking them up some of them in a book containing thousands of acronyms and could only find about half of them - and the military jargon was similarly confusing . Sometimes he would use a term extensively and then 30 pages later he 'd explain what it meant . I suppose it would be all right for someone with more military background than I have , but a lot of the time I had no idea what was going on . I was also put off by the continual change of scene - I counted 17 scene changes in one chapter , and there are 43 chapters.The military strategy and tactics are fascinating , but the plot of the novel is pretty basic . The characterisation is virtually non-existent - most of the characters sound the same.This is the first Tom Clancy book I have read , and it makes me wonder how he manages to out-sell so many superior writers .
 I love this book , but it 's a far better experience in print than in the Kindle edition . The book appears to have been transferred to electronic form with OCR and poorly proofread . Many of the alpha-numeric abbreviations are mangled and throughout the book you find tell-tale errors , like `` c '' for `` e , '' which leave you looking at nonsense words . Worst of all , in this case , are the myriad `` m '' for `` rn '' errors which turn almost every nautical use of `` stern '' into `` stem , '' which carries the opposite meaning and is truly confusing .
 This novel is very long and boring.When Clancy describes the submarine battles , the text results heavy and very difficult to follow.In fact , the novel contains too many technical details about the weapons.The book would be better if it contained more references about the persons.And I have to say that I think that this novel has a excess of 400 pages . -LRB- The Spanish edition of Plaza y Janes has almost 1000 pages in small format -RRB-
 Well , first of all , I have no respect for anyone who attends fundraising dinners for Oliver North , but I gave this book a try since `` The Hunt For Red October '' was pretty entertaining . I 've tried three times get through this book , but to no avail . The plot is quite interesting , and there are some good moments , but the whole thing is bogged down by endless , redundant battle scenes that do absolutely nothing to move the story along . This book would have been great if a couple hundred pages -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- were edited out . Tom Clancy could use some pointers from Frederick Forsyth , Jeffrey Archer and Joseph Finder . They do this stuff much better .
 The product is sub-par . There was no quality control , no review of the text . There were numerous errors , especially spelling errors . Just because you can run a spell check and get it to pass does not mean that the words are correct . Poor , poor quality . If you wo n't spend the money and time to produce a good product , I wo n't be spending my money on Amazon books in the future .
 I read this after my 5th read of Hunt for Red October -LRB- I love it -RRB- ... and I had to go back and check that I was reading a Tom Clancy novel . It reads so differently from HfRO , and not in a good way , in my humble opinion . I have not read any of Clancy 's other novels , but can only assume that Bond 's co-authorship is what ruined this for me . Be forewarned
 I love Tom Clancy . In fact I can safely say that Cardinal for the Kremlin is one of my all time favorite books . So when I heard that there was a novel out there about WWIII with soviets I jumped right on it.Big Mistake.I was expecting a book about major battles and world changing events . I was expecting to see the world structure change right before my very eyes ! Although this is a great concept , I feel like Mr. Clancy spent too much time on minor things . ****** SPOILER ******* I do n't care about 3 men stuck on hill 142 . I did n't want to hear about the personal feelings of a submarine captain . I wanted to read about major world changing battles , and got nothing of the sort .
 This book was lauded as a realistic piece in its day , but this is one of the most far-fetched works of military propaganda ever written , and one must wonder if the U.S. military did not have a hand in the book in order to sell the need for more conventional arms to the American public through a secondary source . Sure , this novel is classified as fiction -- but honestly -- anyone who visits globalsecurity.org for more than three or four hours will discover just how ludicrous some of the scenarios presented in the book would have been in the reality of 1987 -LRB- as if WWIII would have gone forth without nuclear weapons to begin with -RRB- . For example , almost the entire book is based on a scenario whereby the Soviet Union is able to take Iceland from NATO extremely quickly , but there is no possible way the Soviet Union could have taken Iceland from NATO in 1987 without the soviets having suffered significant naval and air losses in the process . But if the Soviets could have accomplished such a task , the United States could have conducted a quick counterstrike with cruise missiles , F-16s , and F-18s -LSB- i -RSB- at minimum -LSB- / i -RSB- shortly afterward from Thule Air Base in nearby Greenland -LRB- the U.S had significant warning and was at Defcon 2 for quite some time beforehand in the book -RRB- ; instead , in Clancy 's world , the U.S. waits for days after the Soviets establish themselves all over the island with a mere shipload of supplies
 World War 3 broke out . The USSR is trying to crush NATO . I 'm going to upset Clancy 's fans . I think it 's one of the worst his books . It 's absolutely unrealistic from the first line to the last . What do I mean ? I try to concretize . I will not touch political issues1 . The fable of conflict is sabotage of the biggest oil refinery in the USSR after which the USSR lost more than half it 's fuel output . It can not be just because the fuel refining is not so centralized over there how Tom thinks .2 . Clancy too easy ` defeated ' Soviet ground forces . Did you ever heard that NO ONE western antitank weapon ca n't penetrate newer soviet tank 's front armor -LRB- since T-72 -RRB- ? That 's true , read Jane 's ! Altogether , Russian tanks well better armored than their western counterparts , except Israel Merkava and they have much lower profile . They have also more powerful guns and they are more maneuverable . And Russian tanks are far lighter than western ones . Learn , western tank designers ! 3 . The naval warfare is closer to reality . But ... Russian antiship missile Mosquit -LRB- Sunburn -RRB- has speed M 5 . Can you imagine how to defend against such treat ? I ca n't .4 . The soviet military putsch and attack on Kremlin . It is also impossible to imagine . Kremlin is much better defended than anyone can think . The Soviet leaders always worried about their personal security more than about something else . So , this attack against Kremlin is at least laughworthy.I can add many more bugs like this , but I hope you got the point . Tom Clancy was pretty bad informed and he did this book in hurry using mostly computer games
 I am a fan of Tom Clancy . I have read all but 2 of his novels and this was by far the worse ... the story line was good , but the detail was so boring i wanted to skip half the book . In 350 pages this could have been good ... now i understand why some readers view clancy as too detailed , technical and boring ...
 I do think that if world war III broke out between soviets and americans AND IF nukes were n't used . The US and its allies would be the ultimate winners . But I do n't believe in the extraordinary events that take place in Red Storm Rising , there are just too many coincidences . For example , when the air strike against the american carrier group takes place , a small group of F-15s en route to europe just happened to be passing by and killed some of the soviet bombers ... come on people , the Atlantic is way to big for this . And I 'm just sure Soviet commandos in a covert mission get distracted enough to be ran over by a car every day ! Sorry , I just had to get it out of my system . The book is just full of these sort of events . If Clancy had just left them out , the book would be in one word Excellent .
 Okay so I made those words up . They 're not actual military terms . Buried in this Tom Clancy book though , I doubt that anyone except submarine and naval experts would even notice . I 've never heard of an author doing TOO much research for a book . I think Clancy lost touch with the everyday reader if he thinks anyone would understand enough of the jargon he spews here to care about this book . And when jargon is all a book offers -LRB- characters ? what characters ? -RRB- the book , to put in simple , non-Clancian terms , SUCKS ! Clearly it 's not the dumbest book I 've ever read , but it is the worst . I make it a mission never to stop a book once I 've started , and never to refuse reading a book given to me . This book made me question the value of such a mission . Too boring , too long , too technical , too empty .
 this is clancy 's most involved and boring book.do not buy it . instead try hunt for red october .
 RSR was a book so much filled with techno jibberish I had to stuff it away on my bookshelf of bad books . When I pick it up twenty-five years from now , it may seem a little more realistic , but not now . This is one of the worst `` Clancy '' books I 've ever read . Please Mr. Clancy , next time you think of a WW3 type of book , make it so it can be easily understood .
 I 'd admit it . I used to love this book when I was like 13 . Now I 'm 21 . 8 or so years of military amateurism and general maturity growth has changed my view . It is with the latter heart that I write this.First , Clancy 's strength - Technical . Superficially , it looks good , but closer looks suggest otherwise . If there 's a fuzz zone -LRB- particularly common in Cold War texts -RRB- , it is used for NATO 's benefit . Soviet subs have no towed arrays , fighters have no IRSTs , tanks do n't have dedicated loaders -LRB- autoloading or human -RRB- nor ammo that can penetrate early M1s -LRB- DU-armored tanks are years in the future -RRB- . NATO of course has deadly fire control , God 's - eye-view , near unjammable Intel assets ... . etc. . All of it adds up until the real miracle is that the Soviets are advancing at all . This is not only UNrealistic , but does nothing to promote exciting battles where all have a real chance.Tactics . Kinda same as Technical . NATO made maybe 2 `` real '' mistakes without being made to pay the full price . The Soviets slowly fritter advantages away , and in contrived ways . Western theory holds that the Soviets lack of initiative will hurt them . Clancy seems to agree . Fine , let 's see how it is implemented .1 -RRB- 3rd Shock Army schedules an attack . The commander of the Western TVD fires 3rd Shock commander for lack of progress . Instead of just sticking to the plan and attacking at the scheduled time , the deputy does not give the call . This is , actually , an act of initiative -LRB- though utterly stupid -RRB- , and of course it buys the Germans a chance to counterattack .2 -RRB- A Soviet motor-rifle division NEARLY blows a hole through the American lines . An extra regiment is required . The only one close by happens to an OMG unit , and thus unmovable without talking to Moscow . Alekseyev mutters about Soviet inflexibility . This is not Soviet inflexibility , guys . If an American formation was declared out of bounds by the Pentagon , American commanders will be equally forbidden to move it . This is contrived stupidity to delay the attack , allow the Americans to reinforce , and wipe out the rest of the motorized rifle division and the tank regiment .3 -RRB- A division rushes through a hole in the advance . They fight their way towards bridges . A short-sighted Sov regimental commander calls for artillery to fire ON the bridges to stop the NATO escapees . In Soviet theory , he should only have direct and rapid access to his regimental arty group -LRB- a battalion of light howitzers -RRB- . Soviet centralization should at least stop his stupidity at that level , since the divisional arty would be under divisional control , especially since they have their own fire missions already assigned and executing . But of course , the Soviets CA N'T be given that advantage , so divisional arty drops its own fire missions and fires on the bridge with rockets.This stuff adds up , and the Soviets are defeated . Is anyone shocked?Characterization
 I 'll repeat what surprisingly only a few people have mentioned so far.Unless you 're an expert in military lingo and with the different types of military hardware you 're going to find yourself lost and disinterested.The first few chapters were actually quite good and laid the groundwork for what I thought would be a good story . The remaining chapters had little connection to this however . The book ended up being nothing more than endless military talk , little character development , tedious descriptions of military and submarine encounters . Even Clancy 's much maligned Red Rabbit is far superior to this .
 Availability should read
 The best thing I can say about this title is that it is better than nothing . These contracts are short and lacking in any real substance . Moreover , there is no analysis whatsoever regarding key contract provisions . Buy `` This Business of Music '' instead .
 4 dark tales . dark apparently means boring . Not scary , not clever , not his best work . I 'm a huge King fan but this was terrible -LRB- worse even than From a Buick 8 -RRB- . Dare I say , he 's retiring just in time . The idea well is dry .
 I used to believe in customer reviews . But after reading the reviews of this book ... . This is one of the worst books on C in print and THE worst text book I have ever come across . It was selected by the curriculum committee for use in our school 's C programming classes . Student complaints have been universal - the book is poorly organized , the examples confusing , and the use of Backus-Naur Form -LRB- originally developed in the 60 's ! -RRB- is worse than confusing . To cite just a few examples of the problems with this book
 I bought this book because it was a set text for my C programming class . I have to add a review , because contrary to most reviews I read on this site , I found this book extremely difficult to get any useful information out of . The examples are not practical , when they provide a sample program they totally disect it in to a long-winded discussion with much more detail than is needed . They take about six pages to go through a ten line program.If you have some programming experience in another language and just need a reference -LRB- as I did -RRB- , this is NOT the book to buy ! I recommend `` C
 Contrary to what the title of this book implies , this is one of the worst book I 've ever read , and I regret I bought the book . Let me tell you a story . As a college student I had some difficulties finding a good grip on C 's complexities so I just did my best to pass the subject and forget all about C . Now as a professional , I must learn the language and searching for a book to teach me quickly , I UNFORTUNATELY stumbled on this book and after browsing through the pages , I was more confused than ever . The teaching style is TERRIBLE ! Alhough I learned a thing or two , it took me sometime , definitely NOT A TUTORIAL ! NOT FOR BEGINNERS ! For those wanting to learn C the SUREST and FASTEST way , I highly recommend `` THE C PRIMER by Les Hancock and Morris Krieger '' . Kelley and Pohl maybe knows C , but they definitely do not know how to teach the language !
 The book is terrible . It is not helpful in learning C , and it makes a horrible reference after you have learned C . What other use does it serve than to be cast into outer darkness ?
 This is the first time I ever wrote a review . I have to write this because I feel angry after spending $ ... -LRB- Canadian dollar -RRB- on this book . It was the simply worst book i ever read on C . It does not offer any insight . The book is full of syntex rules and idiot examples . This book is un-readable . I have to force myself to read it because I spent so much money on this one . I am regret of this . Avoid this book at all cost . instead get a book that teach you something deeper . This is a book that is for absolute beginnner , someone who never seeing a program before.Even though i was trying hard to finish reading this book , I could not continue after 6 chapters because it just not engaging at all . The authors do n't even try to explain anything worth explaining , they just stating syntex after syntex . no real insight at all . no explaination on some difficult topics , I was often left wonder why ? This book covers easy topics . This made the author 's lifes easier , but rip off our readers the money and our time . It looks like there is no real effort by the authors to teach anything decent . I do n't understand where all the stars come from for this book 's review . It is the worst I ever read , period . Next time when I buy a book I will be more careful as to what I buy because some books out there cost a lot but just does n't deliver any quality . This is a prime example . Avoid it or you will be sorry .
 I 've always been told just to use K&R to learn C. I thought I needed another book to help out . Unfortunately , this book was a bit too simplistic and did very little to clarify points in K&R that were difficult . If you can program at all , this is n't the book for you .
 Now , I love Anne , I really do . I 've read the first five books many times . But this one falls quite flat . LMM spends about a page every chapter describing the flowers and the trees and whatnot , which gets old fast . Additionally , I feel like I as a reader got demoted . While Anne and Gilbert have their lives , the reader gets relegated to the kiddie table to see what hi-jinx the children are up to . I 'm sure the children are great , but I 've followed Anne from eleven years old , and I want to stay with her . I felt condescended to.The quilting chapter bored me utterly to death . The other characters that were introduced came and went too quickly ... except for Aunt Mary Maria , I felt cheated out of getting to know anyone . The whole book is too much telling , not enough showing . Overall . . it was just a struggle to get through , which I only managed because I think it 's a shame not to read the whole series .
 When I was finally able to pick up a copy of this book , I was quite excited to read more of Anne 's continuing adventures . Up to this point , I had found myself enthralled by all of Anne 's adventuring . But when I finally managed to finish this book , it really was a disappointing moment . The book revolves , mostly , around the adventures of Anne 's children , none of which were in the least bit interesting . Her children 's stories all follow one main plotline . 1
 This books was only written in 1939 , three years before Montgomery 's death and slipped in as the 6th volume long after what is now volume 7 and 8 were published . It has little of the lightheartedness of the earlier Anne books . It is more like a collection of short stories , were chapters are dedicated to the different children of Anne . Many of the stories are filled with bitterness and spite and bad gossip . Gossip has always been a part of the Anne books , but here it shows its nasty side , its destructiveness . It is not the entertaining gossip of good hearted women like Mrs. Rachel Lynde or Miss Cornelia . The children have again and again very painful experiences within their social circle and their disappointment in friends somehow does n't seem to be theirs but the authors . To make matters worse , the book has no story line and is barely held together by the cycle of the year with its seasons.It feels very much like this book was not written because Montgomery wanted to , but she had to , whether under pressure from readers , the publisher or others and she did not enjoy it . It reflects a negativity and bitterness that is hard to take and one has to wonder what frame of mind she was in when she wrote it . Fortunately , as the book was added later , it is not necessary to read it to understand the later books and can be easily skipped which is my recommendation .
 I thoroughly enjoyed Anne of Green Gables , but Anne of Avonlea is devoid of all that made the first lively and captivating . We rarely see the world through the descriptive lens of Anne 's eyes and colorful words in the second book as we did with the first . Instead we are bludgeoned over the head with narrative bucolic scenery after narrative bucolic scenery . Gone is the tension between Anne and Gilbert and gone is the hilarity of Anne 's growing pains , and no sympathy is created for the twins Anne and Marilla have adopted . It 's as if Montgomery has dumped them into the story and left them there to fend for themselves . I am only halfway through , but the narrative has become so tedious and dull with scenery and very little story , that I may not be able to wade through what should have been edited and rewritten .
 It seems that Montgomery did n't know what to fill this book with . There are some nice stories about Anne 's children -LRB- who are very sweet kids indeed -RRB- , but there is also the extremely boring chapter about the gossipy Ladies ' Aid meeting , or the too lengthy presence of the personage of aunt Mary Maria . Anne herself has turned into a common housewife , and there is nothing left of the good naughty little girl with the great imagination or the clever and ambitious young woman . Gilbert is a doctor , Anne is `` Mrs Doctor '' , and we almost forget about the earlier school and college competions between both of them , where they are equal and both interesting . Reading the previous books one could think Anne would become a famous writer , not just the shadow of man she loves . She is really a wonderful mother and wife , but she could be these things without losing her personality too .
 `` Anne of Green Gables '' is one of my favorite books ever . I never read any of the sequels , so I thought I would read it with my 11-year-old daughter . Big disappointment . While Anne was incredibly charming as a little girl , she is now just a little too perfect . Marilla does n't even seem like the same person . The twins are kind of annoying and do n't have much of a role in the story - they just kind of pop in and out . Anne 's relationship with Paul Irving seems a little creepy . My daughter found Miss Lavender really creepy . When we were introduced to her - all dressed up with formal tea set out even though no guests were expected , a mute servant girl whom Miss Lavendar did n't even bother to call by her real name - my daughter said `` I would be running out of there ! '' She reminded me of Miss Haversham in `` Great Expectations . '' I know she 's supposed to be whimsical but she just comes off weird . Overall , I am not enjoying this book at all . Which is disappointing , because the first book in the series has truly been one of my favorite books since I was 11 years old .
 Since this book was in hardcover , I was assuming , in the lack of a date or description , that it was an earlier edition . What I got was a cheap-looking modern edition that I never would have bought if I had had information as to the publication date , which was never listed . I do n't like being exploited like this . Books should be advertised with dates .
 The narrator is the worst ; she makes this book imposable to listen too . At first it was funny , but then I thought about how much money I wasted on the book , and how I knew I could never listen to it , then it was not funny anymore . Save your money , otherwise it is `` your money or your sanity . ''
 You can tell Maud wrote this book when depressedbecause it almost tries to hard to be happy . In many ways it is a feminist 's nightmare . At the end maud confronts her old Redmond class-mate Christine . And snubs her because she is childless ! She is afraid that Christina is prettier than her , etc , and that Gilbert has forgotten about her . We are lead to believe that a woman is nothing without children , that her only aim in life is her children . However it is interesting to read about the birth of Rilla . That 's probably the most interesting part in the book . Anne does not really have much of a role throughout the novel . It is only stories of her children . I enjoyed finding out more about them , but there were some problems . I know this book and Anne of Windy Poplars were written after the other books in the series and this may be the reason . Nan was imaginative in this one and Di , Gilbert 's favorite , was the practical one . In Rainbow Valley Di is the imaginative one and Nan the practical one . There is very little of Di , the red-headed twin , in this book . If you thought there was little of Gilbert in the previous books , then be prepared for next to nothing of him in this one . He is totally seperated from his family , all he does is work . I would like to see him interact more with the children , etc. . Aunt Mary Maria makes life hell for them for awhile , but in my opinion she leaves too soon for things to become too interesting . We needed some more conflict , perhaps if Aunt Mary Maria stayed and Anne and Gilbert 's marriage became threatened by her ... if we had been taken into Gilbert 's mind
 This classic story is ruined by the wooden voice of the narrator , making it very hard to listen to . All of L. M. Montgomery 's characters are so vibrant , and to hear this story read in such a deadpan fashion is awful . Even Anne sounds dull , and that 's hard to achieve when you 're telling the story of one of literatures most lively characters .
 Lucy Montgomery ca n't seem to write convincing men , and only does marginally better with women . The quality of this series has really gone downhill since Anne was a girl , or even a young woman . Now that she has children , the book no longer focuses on her , which was really the main reason the books seemed to come alive in the beginning . Now , they drag on and on . I found myself having to skim large sections simply because nothing happens . One of the longest chapters is a quilting circle 's gossip - and that 's it . And it 's not even gossip about characters we know or care about ! A genius to the early books was that Anne either had many problems , or believed she did , and we could join in the child 's angst about life . But now Anne has the ideal life she has always wanted . And there is no conflict . And hence , much of this book is simply boring . There are times when things pick up - like when her children get into trouble . We start to see something similar to the adventures of the Anne we knew . But each issue is quickly resolved within a chapter , and nothing encourages you to go on to the next pericope . There is some hope when Anne starts to dabble with match-making , but this is quickly ended before it could get very interesting . Aunt Mary Maria is a pill of a woman , and she makes for some very interesting reading - but then she leaves after the first quarter of the book , never to be seen again , and with everything unresolved.When Lucy writes of Anne 's son , Jem , there is something missing . He does n't seem like a boy somehow - or else not like a real human . And I realized that this is further developed in Lucy 's treatment of Gilbert , who seems to be amazingly absent in these later books . There is no great undying love between her and Gilbert as there was in earlier books . Yes , it is mentioned , it is assumed , but we do n't see it . Gilbert does very little thought or action - he is mostly wallpaper . Lucy does n't write convincing male characters.The last third of the book picks up somewhat , with a few more conflicts for the children , and Anne 's marriage appears to be in jeopardy . But I finished this book really unsure as to if I wanted to read the final installment - despite the foreshadowing of the last two pages .
 I hated this book even when I was a kid . Lucy Maud Montgomery did n't know how to `` create '' a happy marriage between Anne and Gilbert because her own marriage was so disasterous . In real life , Lucy Maud 's only friends were women and her negative attitude towards her husband is reflected in this book . Gilbert should have been outgoing , interesting , debonaire and REAL . Instead , he 's a flat cardboard character who hides in the background . Although Anne is only in her late 30 's , she 's a prim and repressed matron who feels life has passed her by as she watches her children grow . And the kids are annoying ! Saintly Walter is being primed as the sacrificial lamb and martyr -- a destiny he fulfills in `` Rilla of Ingleside . '' There 's something weirdly disturbing and unreal about them ... and their parents . Believe it or not -- the most fascinating character is `` Christine , '' the sultry widow who flirts with Gilbert and tries to `` steal '' him away from Anne -- sort of ! Christine is a little naughty and not very nice -LRB- by early 1900 's standards -RRB- and she spices up this otherwise dull book .
 How could anyone sit and read this boring work of fiction . I am actually listening to the audio version and I am almost falling asleep and can not remember a word the reader has said.I am going to stick to the movie versions of Anne of Green Gables instead of reading the rest of the books . At least the movies keep your interest .
 We have listened to dozens of audiobooks and thoroughly enjoyed the experience but the stacatto , monotonous narrative style of Susan Omalley is the worst I have ever heard . A third grader could read this book better than she does . Do not buy this audiobook . You will only regret the purchase .
 I was so disappointed with this book ! I was driving from North Carolina to Austin TX , and Anne of Green Gables narrated by Barbara Caruso was great -LRB- even though she pronounced Avonlea as Aay-von-lee instead of Ah-von-lee -RRB- . This one was terrible !! The woman speaking has random inflection , putting the wrong emph-A-sis on the wrong syll-A-ble , if you will . It completely sounds as if she 's reading words that she does n't understand the meaning of . And the voices she uses for characters ! My sister and I literally tried to talk each other into listening at least to the first chapter , to see if we could adjust , but we had to turn it off . It was unbearably painful to listen to . Who hired that lady ?? Her voice itself is nice enough , but good lord was her inflection awful ! We chose to listen to fuzzy radio stations through the last three states rather than subject ourselves to this version of the book . Spare yourself !
 While Levitt provides some very good information for the average stockholder -- about the dirty tricks that brokers play , the mismanagement of mutual funds , tips on reading financial reports , and background info on how certain regs came to be -- I found myself fairly disappointed.For one thing , this book is not about you or your 401 -LRB- k -RRB- or your other mutual funds , stocks , or related investments . It is draped in CYA ; this book is ALL ABOUT ARTHUR LEVITT !!! This is another case of a former Clinton official writing a book to defend his performance in spite of his commander-in-chief . Do n't get me wrong
 The book is full of inside stories of corrupt corporations and the SEC 's involvement to correct them . As far as any portfolio use , chapter ten is 26 pages of 401 -LRB- k -RRB- tips . Otherwise there was nothing truly useful for investing . I am self-employed , so this one chapter was of no help to me either . No disrespect to Arthur Levitt and his understanding of the market but this is more of a non-fiction or autobiography than a guidebook to `` Take On The Street . '' If you like direct and helpful books such as the `` All About ... '' series of books by Richard A. Ferri or William Bernstein 's style , you should overlook this one and it 's similarly named clone .
 There are a few good moments in this book and I must confess I am only half way through it . But what blew me away was what I read in the acknowledgements . Mr. Levitt , a former stockbroker , credits Warren Buffett with informing him about the core of broker comepensation and mutual funds compensation . Gee , did n't Mr.Levitt know the core of these issues when he was at the SEC ? It just strikes me funny that a long time vetern of the securities industry would tip his hat to Buffett on such basic issues . Outside of this the book is a gathering of books that combines the worst in biography , advice and expose . Mr. Levitt admits that his poweres were limited by Senators like Phil Gramm , but his book is also limited with few insights worth paying for . Two stars for the insider scoop , but it is really a one-star book !
 Reading the book was slow and painful . I 'm sure Arthur is a very nice man and honest , but did he have to go on for over 200 pages making that point . I think he wanted this book to be a learning experience for the reader , but unfortunately it turned into a self-serving narrative about the things he could not fix and his buddies.Maybe next time .
 So many of the misdeeds Levitt talks about in this book took place on his watch and he did nothing to stop them . It is a real shame that he worked at taxpayers expense , yet at times he did little to help average investors . Regulation FD , whihc he lauds in the book has made corporate reporting just a marketing tool and while it is true that Levitt complained about auditors -- that is all he did -- since no legislation took place while he was SEC chariman to remedy their conflicts . Only now are research analysts being investigated and auditors being treated with a critical eye . The problems with stock brokers he details are pretty much on the mark , but during his tenure he did nothing to stop sales contests held at brokerage firms that compromise the interests of investors . He also talks some about the problems with IPOS , but during his tenure he did nothing to stop brokerage firms from treating small investors differently than large ones . The entire book makes Levitt look like he is giving readers something new and fresh , but most of the information has been detailed before in books published years ago . Levitt toots his own horn in trying to sell his book , but if he had a louder voice when he was SEC chairman many investors would have saved a lot of money .
 First of all , readers will know most of the information in this book by reading the headlines in recent newspapers . The behind-the-scenes material is interesting , but it is so weighted in the author 's favor that it lacks a sincere element of truth . Instead of writing a book about what investors do n't know about Wall Street , I wish Arthur Levitt would have spilled the beans while he was the SEC 's chairman . To make money by writing a book based on what he should have told investors long ago does not sit well with me . As an investor , I feel cheated and as a reader of this book I felt like the message was too little , too late !
 Take on the Street bogs down in detail , which makes reading it a lesson in patience . It is often hard to see the forest for the trees . One of the most interesting facts in the book was how Levitt got his job . He says he contributed hundreds of thousands of dollars to the Clinton campaign . It seems that the best person for any job in Washington is the person who raises the most cash !
 This book is stupid , boring , helpless , and poorly written . This guy was supposed to be a chief regulator and policemen at the SEC and sounds like some boy scout who got lost in the woods . Wall Street sharks played him like a violin and pols in Washington rolled him over on every issue . This guy is SEC chief during the biggest stock market bubble the world has ever seen , with all the attendant massive fraud and financial misdeeds , and Arthur just wants you to know that he was a good boy scout working on his SEC merit badge.What is amazing is that after he gets through telling us how he got rolled by politicians , his wall street friends and acquaintances , accountants , and lobbyists , etc. , ad infinitum , then he regurgitates all kinds of `` good investment '' advice for dummies on every subject in the financial universe . Do we have to hear about how stocks beat bonds again for the millionth time?The most unbelievable part of the book was this insane chapter titled `` How to be a Player '' , where Arthur tells us that if we keep up with all the good information in internet and all the great websites he has found and tells us about , then we too can be a `` Player '' on Wall Street . Huh?Apparently Arthur was never a player at all , just a eager boy scout who discovered the joys of internet while earning his SEC merit badge .
 Page after page says Levitt is like a God when it comes to helping average investors . Give me a break . This is such one-sided reporting that it made me ill to read . A balanced approach has been thrown out the window for a PR campaign filled with errors . Destined for the bargin bin !!
 The first half of the book was very informative on the inner workings of Wall Street . The last half seemed to fall into more of a political mode . Mr.Levitt allowed his democratic leanings to show when he started to blame republicans for his failures . The democrats were given forgiveness for `` unwittingly '' pressuring him . Last but not least , the book ends with a self serving letter from none other than Tom Daschle.Read this book if you can get it for half price .
 The most disturbing information in the book is that the author waited so long to bring out the true story about Wall Street . Arthur Levitt had a long tenure as SEC chairman and we are just now hearing about Wall Street 's misdeeds from him . Pleassse ! For all those investors who counted on Mr. Levitt to help them while he was in office this is truly a sad day .
 First , investors as a group are not going to take on Wall Street . The idea is unrealistic and the information in this book does not meet the muster of news anymore , because most of it has already been reported . The writing style is boring and slow to the point of sleep . I regret buying the book !
 It is pretty hard to stomach that someone who knew just how serious investors were being huckstered through the boom , and was the one person who could have brought some honesty into the picture , did n't . Now he wants to sell his advice . I 'd rather believe Abbie Hoffman -LRB- Never trust anyone over thirty -RRB-
 Nothing in the book about the dot.bom scam which was the biggest financial scam in history . $ 500 billion stolen from the public . The scam sucked the little guys in on IPO date when the shares were traded by investment banks and hedge funds to the moon . The whole thing was bogus . Where were you Mr. Levitt and your predecessor Mr. Waldman during Clinton 's reign of terror ? Playing golf ? Giving lectures?What nerve . Millions of small investors got hosed on your watch and you have the nerve to publish this drivel . Nothing changes on Wall Street . Always a scam going to screw the little guy .
 This is a shallow work that is no way a help to investors . It should have never been placed into print . I lost thousands of dollars in the market and if the author had told investors this information while he was in office I , along with many others , would have been saved .
 This book is so dark I could not see any light . It is any wonder why someone would want to invest at all . If there was a more balanced approach here I would have given the book a higher rating , but sadly this was not the case .
 I understand the philosophy behind this book for teaching a child to read . However I found that the images in this book are distracting and do nothing to advance the text . It 's a sweet idea to have one 's child be the illustrator for one 's book but in this case I do n't think it worked . My daughter asked me if it bothered me if she did not use the book with her son .
 I was very disappointed in this book . I found it to be too much touchy feely and fluffy , and too little substance . Other than trying to compare setting up a CMM program to choreographing a ballet -LRB- which did n't do it for me -RRB- , I found nothing insightful about this book . I have a large CMM library that I frequently reference , but this is one book definitely collecting dust . I would recommend not wasting your money as there are far better books on the market that address the subject in far greater depth and breadth .
 While this book does contain a good deal of useful information , it is presented in a manner that cries out for a good editor . The analogy to choreography is beaten into the reader ad nauseum . This irritant distracts from what would have otherwise been an all right book on the topic . I would recommend it only because I have been able to find nothing else like it in the marketplace .
 ... This was the first book to address CMM . Unfortunately it is dated . The cd-rom contains a little useful material -- if you do n't have anything , but is insufficient to do CMM.There are commercially available prewritten processes but they may be difficult to adapt to your organisation . Caputo wo n't help there either.If you get Paulk and Dymond you do n't need this book . You can not do CMM without Paulk -LRB- or TR24 and TR25 which Paulk is mostly a rehash of -RRB- . Hence you do n't need Caputo too.You will need the Framework by Olson -LRB- download from SEI -RRB- to supplement Paulk . Dymond is a useful pictorial overview.This book has been OBE due to time and has been overcome by better tools . You do not need this one . Get Paulk and Dymond instead .
 For any organization that is looking to adopt a methodology or improve it software development process , I would recommend against looking at CMM and this book.An organization would be better served by looking at methodologies such as Rational 's Objectory -LRB- now called Rational Unified Approach -RRB- and the corresponding books as it has been real world proven vs academia proven ...
 This book is OK at best . I was looking specifically for some guidance in process definition and had high expectations for this book , especially because it 's published by Addison Wesley . Unfortunately , I really did n't get much out of it . There 's one thing , however , that just about drove me batty -- Caputo spends a great deal of time developing `` striking analogies to dance . '' I found this rather useless . As a typical software professional , am I expected to gain insight into the items being presented with the help of a comparison to an unusual profession ? Analogies can be used to aid understanding when the analogy maps the new concept onto one the audience is already familiar with . The space taken to make the constant comparisons could have been better used to provide additional annecdotal evidence .
 This book is a lot like looking for gold -- you have to spend a good bit of time searching through tons of rubble before finding a good nugget or two . If you are looking for technical/practical assistance on keys to implementing the CMM then look elsewhere ; the book will do nothing but frustrate you . If you are looking for organizational and managerial help then you * might * find this book useful , but your money is probably better spent elsewhere . The book is heavy on ` organization-speak ' and light on real , practical instruction . There are some good war stories , but you probably have ones of your own that are just as good and relevant . The CD and associated forms are n't very useful and they are somewhat poorly organized . The book is not totally without merit , but I still ca n't find anything in it that even remotely justifies its price .
 The book spends an overwhelming portion of its content focusing on a ballet and how it relates to CMM . As an author , I got the impression she was using this as a technique to meet her page quota . The author overuses glittering generalizations about how to manage people and an organization . In that sense , this book is a rehash of useless management fluff from the 80s . This book contains about 15-20 pages worth of useful information and should cost $ 10 . I will never buy a book published by UNISYS again .
 This book is subtitled `` A First Undergraduate Course '' but is certainly below undergraduate level . A high school student could easily follow this -- which might be a good thing in certain cases -- but the rigor is lacking . In fact , there is barely a hint of any rigor whatsoever . It is mostly intuitive arguments and the author often says things like `` but we wo n't bother worrying about mathematical technicalities '' . It does get you to be able to visualize certain things well , but the visualization techniques can be found in other books also . The book is very thin and a quick read -- hardly worth the money they are trying to get for it . If you 're really at the undergraduate level and want to learn some topology , try something like Mendelson 's `` Introduction to Topology '' by Dover or one of the excellent topology books in the series `` Undergraduate Texts in Mathematics '' by Springer . Munkres is also a classic . If you 're not an undergraduate in a math related field and just want to know about the ideas behind topology or perhaps see some visualization techniques , try something like `` The Shape of Space '' by Weeks . Overall I was very disappointed with this text . If you could purchase this book for under $ 20 it might be worth it , but even then I think the other books I quoted are better in both price and substance .
 Migliore claims to be a Barthian of sorts , but Barth would be appalled . The irony is that in Dr. Migliore 's anxiety to escape any received traditions that might be man-centered and deeply intertwined with our -LRB- oppresive -RRB- human social orders , he has so gutted his theology that there is nothing transcendant left of it either . He classifies all the classic , ecumenical attributes of God -LRB- absoluteness , immutability , omnipotence , etc. , see the rant on p. 78 , for example -RRB- as human metaphysical constructs , so in the end there is nothing left of God , at least not as he is revealed in Scripture.Dr . Migliore knows his theology and has taught for over 30 years at -LRB- arguably -RRB- America 's most prestigious mainline Protestant seminary -LRB- Princeton -RRB- . You get the sense that the classic liberal/neo-orthodox models leave him wanting and empty , so he grasps for a political/social fad in hopes of finding something truly redemptive . Sort of pray he will try the timeless Gospel of grace instead , and find real , lasting ` liberation ' there.A better critique of Liberation Theology is by Ronald Nash .
 The blurbs on the cover praise the author and compare him to LeCarre . He is like LeCarre ; they both have the ability to take an exciting premise and reduce it to dry dust with endless dialogue and irrelevant digression . A missle hits a building and fails to detonate ; its lethal cargo of germs is contained . The rest of the book is devoted to finding the perps . It ends with the old cliche ; most baddies captured but the real ringleader begins all over again to build a new evil gang . Give me a break !
 I stopped reading as soon as i realized the author 's actual or intentional ignorance of the technology he was writing about .
 This book seems very much like the authors ' personal dating history . For example , in talking about Libras , they launch into a story about how one of the authors was horribly treated by their Libra girlfriend , except that instead of using this as an example , they implied that everyone else 's Libra girlfriend would most probably act the same way . If you can take their specific examples with a grain of salt , on the whole the book gives some good advice . However , if you want to have a lasting relationship after seducing someone , this is not the book to buy . This book 's advice is better for getting a one-night stand or short-lived fling . For example , this book says that to seduce an Aries , you should make a bold first move . This might get them into bed once or twice , but in the long run , according to nine out of ten astrology books that you picked up , this will bore them , as they need a challenge and prefer to make the first move themselves . All in all there are some good insights in this book , but I would browse it in the bookstore instead of paying for it .
 I had high hopes for this book after reading the reviews . Unfortunately , my hopes sank after the first couple of chapters . `` Seduction by the stars '' is simply boring pop astrology . For one thing , I am a bit tired of hearing that Taurus is predictable in bed and prefers the missionary position . What a stupid generalization and superficial judgement . First of all , everyone who knows the slightest about astrology knows that the sun sign is only one aspect of the complexity of a whole human being . One must take into consideration ALL aspects in each individual 's birth chart -LRB- planetary positions according to time of birth , location , etc -RRB- . I am a Taurus , and I am not fat , nor glutonous , something the book really harps relentlessly on . Every Taurus person 's heart is reached through their stomach , according to the book . I find that absurd and bordering on insulting . The author relies on outdated concepts , insipid anedoctes , and personal experience/preference rather than deep study and understanding . This book was put together in a hurry to lure the curious and make a ton of money - regretfully undeserved . Do not waste your money or time on this amateurish astrology book . Try instead the insightful and no-nonsense writings of Carol Allen .
 Unless your idea of great literature is a 12 question sex quiz in Cosmo magazine , you will obtain almost nothing of intellectual , emotional or spiritual value regarding either sex or astrology by reading this truly ridiculous book . It has a few -LRB- very few -RRB- funny or astrologically astute observations but the majority of the text is worthless . Psychological and humanistic astrology are wonderful fields for exploring the intricacies of sex and many interesting metaphysical books have been written on the subjects of relationships and intimacy , but , unfortunately , this is not one of them . Every tired old cliche about sun signs is trotted out and discussed in a sophomoric manner -- there are even lists of `` unsexy '' members of each zodiacal sign . Seduction by the Stars is presumably meant to be fun and funny in a tongue in cheek kind of way ... but ... it is n't .
 I should first mention that I am a Futurist because I feel it demonstrates the greatest hermeneutic consistency . A gap between the sixty-ninth and seventieth week does n't bother me as much as inconsistent hermeneutics does.Mauro 's book is more convincing and thorough than some others like Mills ' `` Daniel Fulfilled Prophecy '' and Hailey 's `` A Commentary on Daniel '' . Mauro certainly should be commended for his reverence of scripture , but ultimately his exegesis fails to convince . For example , he switches focus from Herod the Great to Augustus Caesar in his exegesis of Daniel 11:40 -43 without any real explanation as to why . He simply is picking and choosing history that might fit his prior eschatology . I found many examples of this sort of thing . -LRB- In fairness , futurists can also be guilty of this -RRB- . I did not at all care for some of his scathing comments about futurists or those who disagree with him . Really , stick to the facts and make arguments that demonstrate the inconsistency of the other camp , but please do n't get nasty . This really is unbecoming behavior among Christian authors . It also defeats any positive contributions that Mauro might otherwise make.I suggest Thomas Howe 's exhaustive book , `` Daniel in the Preterists ' Den for a very thorough review of the myriad of Preterist opinions . I hope my Preterist friends would read this book . Even if they disagree , the value of Howe 's insight and hermeneutical consistency takes things to a whole new level . Trust me , Howe has the most consistent hermeneutics . As a former Preterist , I can testify to the value of getting the whole picture from both sides . Preterists will discover the Futurists ' best arguments that they need to prepare for in Howe 's book.Likewise , I would recommend Mauro 's book to any Futurist wanting to see the full picture . Futurists also need to know what the other side believes and why they believe it . `` Examine everything carefully ; hold fast to that which is good '' -LRB- 1 Th 5:21 NASB -RRB- . I call Preterists `` friends '' !
 This book is flat out too long . The author 's argument is simple . So simple , in fact , that this would have made an excellent journal article . Instead , the author drags it out , and drags , and drags , and drags and ... you get the idea . Read the book reviews instead . You 'll save yourself a few hours .
 Matthiessen 's account is an honest travelogue of South America , dedicating much of its time to the Peruvian jungle . His narrative portrays a paradoxical mix of racial insensitivity , ignorance , enlightenment and progressive views . He refers to some cultures as almost subhuman , at one point proclaiming that one tribe would be better off killed at birth than living their miserable lives while at other times sympathizing with and even trying to interact with the indigenous peoples he encounters . He dislikes both Evangelical and Catholic attempts at `` civilizing '' the Indians thinking them more dignified when left alone and away from outside influences but he abhores the Quechua and Aymar&aacute; ascribing them all manner of derogatory traits which teach the reader more about his own prejudice than about these cultures . Matthiessen refers to numerous prior works on South America and the Amazon and it seems that many of these colonial 19th century views on race have influenced his own . As someone who has lived in Bolivia for many years , I find his adventures fascinating , his accuracy and prose commendable but must also strongly caution readers that many of his derogatory descriptions of entire cultures are both wrong and offensive .
 Sorry to beat up on what is supposed to be a classic novel , but `` O Pioneers '' has to be one of the most terribly dull books I 've ever had the misfortune of reading . The characters never came to life for me ... they , and the plot , never seemed to be more than flat words printed on chalky paper . Some may think that Cather 's style is pleasantly simple and moving , but it only moves me to read another book by another author .
 O Pioneers ! is talky , talky , talky and boring , boring , boring . No wonder high school students hate it . I am far past high school , but I could not get through it , either . Cather seems to write chapters for the sake of cranking out pages , but many chapters go nowhere and lead to nothing . Like one chapter where she goes with her brothers to visit a strange Russian named Ivar who has peculiar ideas on how to raise pigs . Does she go into the hog butchering business ? Or big time hog farming ? Does she even follow his advice ? No . Nothing happens and the hogs do n't come up again . And her endless descriptions of the scenery are enough to make me wish she got stranded in the Gobi Desert . She just ca n't stop with the scenery , which makes up a good half of the book . Maybe she should have been a painter .
 The book starts off great , with a warmth and vividness that makes one care about the characters . Unfortunately , that brief spark of brilliance fades all too quickly . We soon find ourselves mired in a muck of endless drivel . Early on , a time leap propels us 16 years forward where we lose a sense for who the characters are . From that point on , the author gives us no more than a two-dimensional portrait of our heroine and her family . In depth descriptions are reserved for the landscapes and boring events , instead of for the emotions that motive the main characters . Inexplicably , some of the characters turn into brooding morons with -LRB- seemingly -RRB- no redeeming qualities . This work left much to be desired . Read `` O Pioneers '' only if you want to see how a great start means ... absolutely nothing ! For more enjoyable reading try authors like Lucy Maud Montgomery , Henry James , or Jane Austen ... you 'll be glad you did !
 I have tried more than once to order this title on my Kindle . It never arrives . Hard to review a book you ca n't get a hold of .
 This book was extremely boring . If you enjoy reading descriptions of land and people then you would love this book . There is only one high point in the book , and after I read it , i didnt want to finish reading the book . Use your best judgement
 Do n't read this book . It stunk from the very first page . I thought that the book was gon na be cool and about the pioneers but it was completely and utterly different . I do n't recommend as I read this book over 30 days . Could n't keep my eyes open while I read it .
 Over the summer I had to read this book as part of a school assignment . This book was very long even though it contains only 208 pages . Willa Cather over explains many details in this book . I would reccomend this book to absolutely no one .
 Attention all readers , this is a general alert . If you come in contact with this book , it must be destroyed immediately ! It may be contaminated by a rare soul-sucking virus that causes students who are forced to read it to loose all willpower to go on caring about 10th grade english class .
 This was the worst book I have ever read . It was erractic with how time passed . The book is two short to protray the characters properly in the great expanse of the characters ages . Also I did n't care about the characters at the ending -LRB- I wo n't say how it ends -RRB- . To be breif DO N'T BUY THIS BOOK .
 Although not stated in the description , this is a rewritten version of the original classic . Save your time and money , and go with the original version .
 I have to agree with the previous review , it is a good book , but there are omissions . Granted , they are few and far between , but none the less critical to the plot development and storyline . I would have expected more from the company after paying an exorbitant amount of money for a product which has little physical value -LRB- aka , it 's not a physical book -RRB- . Now , before anyone berates me for obviously making this choice by purchasing a kindle , let me simply say that I had come to terms with the fact that I would have no physical book , but thought that the product would at least be of similar quality . My mistake .
 O Pioneers ! is talky , talky , talky and boring , boring , boring . No wonder high school students hate it . I am far past high school , but I could not get through it , either . Cather seems to write chapters for the sake of cranking out pages , but many chapters go nowhere and lead to nothing . Like one chapter where she goes with her brothers to visit a strange Russian named Ivar who has peculiar ideas on how to raise pigs . Does she go into the hog butchering business ? Or big time hog farming ? Does she even follow his advice ? No . Nothing happens and the hogs do n't come up again . And her endless descriptions of the scenery are enough to make me wish she got stranded in the Gobi Desert . She just ca n't stop with the scenery , which makes up a good half of the book . Maybe she should have been a painter .
 It started out wonderfully , with the vividness and wonder that Cather usually presents , it just went downhill from there . The sixteen year jump in the middle of the book lost me . I lost all view of the characters and the situations in which they were involved . I was surprised to see Cather stoop to such a level . I highly recommend her other works , but O Pioneers , one of her first novels , did n't inspire as did the others . Some will find this story very enjoyable with a great descriptions of the Nebraskan plains , but for me , the vivid descriptions did n't overcome the lack of plot and storyline . Please forgive my frankness , but O Pioneers was n't as great as I thought I would be . Sorry Willa . 8 -LRB-
 Whilst this story begins with great premise -LRB- the protagonist slowly realizes he is being a tour guide for a serial killer -RRB- - that 's where any redeeming feature of the plot ends.The protagonist comes to this realization , fear sets in ... and then ... nothing . It 's all atmosphere and staging with no discovery , resolution or climax . The end felt like I was watching a very bad and cliched B-grade horror movie ending .
 What a stupid book . I 'd wanted to read a Murakami Ryu book for a while now , having heard about him numerous times , but , based on this book , I wo n't be reading anything else of his . Dubbed a `` Renaissance-man '' from all the different things he does - writer , filmaker , and drummer for a rock band - he 's won a number of literary awards , including Japan 's highest award , the Akutagawa Prize , for his first book , Almost Transparent Blue , and the Yomiuri Literature Prize for this one . He 's probably considered one of Japan 's top contemporary writers but I did n't find him to be anywhere near as good as the other Murakami -LRB- Murakami Haruki -RRB- , and just not very good writer in general.In the Miso Soup is a book about a tour guide named Kenji who takes foreigners on `` sex-tours '' of Tokyo 's red-light districts . It 's a couple nights before New Year 's Eve and Kenji taking this guy named Frank on a tour of Shinjuku 's Kabuki-cho . The night before Kenji meets Frank there is a gruesome murder where somebody had cut off the arms , legs , and head of a high-school girl that was prostituting herself . Frank is super creepy and Kenji begins to wonder if Frank may be the killer , and it goes on from there . The story is extremely violent -LRB- though you do n't see any of this till halfway through the book -RRB- and basically turns into a horror film ... . err , book . It 's really gross at a number of points and , based on what I read about Murakami 's other books , this seems to be the author 's main selling point.The reason I did n't like the book is n't because it goes all Texas Chain Saw Massacre -LRB- which , as you can tell , I did n't care for -RRB- , it 's because the book is just a mess . First off , the killer has this ability to hypnotize people before he kills them , which made the book much less scary because it lost touch with reality . Next , most of the book is about as interesting as watching a slideshow of your aunt Betty 's trip to Pocatello . The book is filled with soliloquy , followed by internal monologue , followed by soliloquy ; it 's basically a vehicle for the author to spit off rhetoric about his own personal observations on society , all in a not-so-subtle way . This brings me to my next gripe
 This might have been a decent read if it had n't been for such an unrealistic story in the middle of a realistic -LRB- and actually interesting -RRB- setting . The American tourist character is very childishly developed into a kind of monster who can hypnotize , read minds , remain unaffected by exposure to the elements and lack of sleep , and exhibit superhuman strength . The very short murder scene , which was far and wide the best part , happens right in the middle of the book and is just crowded by a ton of meaningless drivel on both ends . Trying to give a very detailed account of Japan 's nightlife while meshing in this weird story of psychotic violence and control just did n't work well . Out of 200 + pages , there were only 3 chapters so it felt very long winded . It just droned on and on , and then came to a very abrupt and unsatisfying end . There is absolutely nothing special or different about this book . I find myself wishing I could get back the seventy-five cents I spent buying it from the thrift store .
 Do I have to give it one star ? Well I did finish it . But YUCK ! Double YU-UCK and NOT in a fun way . Ultra Passive narrator . ClichedAmerican psychopath . Enucleation - the putting out of the eyes-featured in each chapter in many forms . Forgettable characters forgotten by author . Formless exposition leading to explanatory apologia . None of this would have ever been amusing , even in the 1980 's when the author made a terrible film called `` Tokyo Decadence '' . Hard to believe he also worte the remarkable `` Coin Locker Babies '' Try that , instead , or `` OUT '' by Kirino . This book ... YUCK !
 SPOILER ALERT , so be warned . This odd , unsatisfying novel was described to me by a friend as `` Japanese noir . '' Well , that sounded promising enough . I expected a certain dark sensibility as well as mystery , suspense , plot twists , surprises ... but this book seems perversely to avoid such things.On the first page , the young narrator , who guides tourists around Tokyo 's nighttime sex district , meets his latest client , Frank , an odd , somewhat creepy American tourist . On the second page , the narrator casually mentions that a schoolgirl has recently been murdered , and within a few pages he and we are wondering if Frank could possibly be the murderer . -LRB- Nah , I told myself , that would be too easy ; there MUST be more to it than that . -RRB- Alas , we meet virtually no other characters , no other suspects , in the course of this short book , and midway through it Frank DOES turn out to be the murderer , in fact a motiveless serial killer -- because out of the blue , without provocation , he proceeds to slice and dice a bunch of strangers in a bar.Afterward -- after what turns out to be the book 's single scene of violence -- he and the young narrator continue to tour the town together ... because , you see , the young man , while alarmed at the bloodbath he 's just witnessed , somehow ca n't bring himself to inform the police -LRB- or to summon up any emotion for the people he 's just seen butchered -RRB- . I guess you 'd say he 's , um , alienated or something ... In the end , he and Frank part as the New Year is rung in ; and that 's it for this very slight , disappointing book , most of which is padded out with elliptical conversation between the narrator and Frank , travel-mag-type filler as the narrator drones on about Tokyo night life , his relationship with his girlfriend and various people he runs into , and his growing sense that Frank is kind of weird and sinister and android-like . The whole thing feels sort of dashed-off , written too quickly and without conviction ; I 'm puzzled as to why it 's attracted readers , and my suspicion is that it just seems sort of unclassifiable -LRB- is it a mystery , is it a thriller , is it horror , is it sci-fi , is it a travelogue ? -RRB- and that , perversely , it 's being praised for the way it disappoints our expectations .
 Hoping to expand my experience with oriental fiction in a story by a Japanese writer I ordered this impressively recommended novel . It was more than novel . It was wierd , with a story line that was n't believable even pushing the limits in accepting the supernatural . The amateurish development of the `` monster '' character coupled with detailed episodes of grisley gore and violence might attract Japanese Godzilla fantasy fans . Not me . It did n't end . It just stopped , which turned out to be one of the better elements of the book .
 A pretentious and self-important exercise . Far too cute for it 's own good and a meditation that keeps pounding the head of the reader ... ok already ; we get it!Not half as good as it thinks it is and despite some sizzling reviews from the UK , it 's made for angst ridden teens and kids with a gothic sense of the world .
 As a Canadian , I found I was pretty disappointed in the tax discussion in this text . This book is entirely based on the American system and does not even consider the possibility of readers in another nation . I would not recommend this book to fellow Canadians .
 The book is very light in content and written with a very narrow approach . If you want to learn anything about real estate do n't buy this book .
 Although this book was very well organized and clearly written , it lacks depth and detail ... almost as if many things were `` left out '' for one reason or another . I moved on to my next title `` Investing in Real Estate '' 3rd edition , and I 'm only on chapter 3 and have already gotten more out of it than I received from `` The Unofficial Guide '' . If your looking for a great book on the subject , I would suggest you forego this title and go for the `` Investing in Real Estate '' 3rd edition instead .
 This book takes basic , sometimes sketchy , information on real estate investing and packages it into a thick tome that is as unsubstantial as cotton candy . The margins consume about a quarter of the space on each page for silly little `` tips '' like , `` Keep detailed records of each expense related to your property . '' Turns out they come in handy at tax time . Duh.The text is light on brass tacks and long on windy prose . And it talks down to the reader . Here 's an actual `` Moneysaver '' tip
 Do n't buy the The Unofficial Guide to Real Estate Investing.I am a full-time real estate investor , I have a real estate license , an MBA , and for the last 5 years have read almost every new book with `` real estate '' in the title . In addition , I belong to several real estate clubs , and suscribe to several real estate news letters.If I saw this book in a book store I would have been able to read enough to see it was useless . However , I bought it online.This book is a cookie cutter by a company who writes the `` Unofficial Guide ... '' books on any subject they think will sell -- which I have no problem with if they write good books.This book is written like a high school book report where meaningless fluff is added at every possible point . The writer they selected tries to touch on anything related to real estate , but fails to show the reader how money is made in real estate . There are many great books on real estate , even some not so good books will have a few valuable pieces of information . This book would rate in the bottom 3 of the over 100 real estate books I 've read . Spend your $ on a different real estate book ; this one stinks .
 This book is made up mostly of a long list of sentences in Spanish with the translation and transliteration -LRB- how to pronounce it -RRB- following . Interspersed are short descriptions of grammar or other useful information.It 's sometimes hard to figure out which word means what . This book was written as if people could just memorize a bunch of sentences and put them together to say whatever they want . But it 's much better to teach us words and teach us how to put them together in order to say what we want . The book is written as if long discussions of grammar are too boring . But I think we need about twice as much explanation in order to really know what we 're saying.It 's great to have the transliteration there in case we get confused , but it 's too easy to ignore the Spanish and just read the transliteration aloud . Certainly , at some point we should have a clue and no longer need this crutch . -LRB- The book does actually explain how to pronounce each letter at the beginning , so transliterations through the entire book should not be necessary . -RRB- Too much mindless memorization is required to learn from this book , and when you 're done , you do n't really know that much.If you 're trying to get one of the famous Berlitz books , this probably is n't it . On the cover , it says `` Charles Berlitz -LSB- the author -RSB- ... is the grandson of the founder of the Berlitz Schools . Since 1967 , Mr. Berlitz has not been connected with the Berlitz Schools in any way . `` Do n't get this book !
 While the author opens herself up and shares her struggle with trich -LRB- and other issues -RRB- the entire book is based on the acceptance of Jesus . If you plan on reading this book , it is wise to know that , before hand , it is based in Young Life and Jesus as Saviour . This is fine if you are of the Christian faith but clearly is a dissapointment for those who are not . A good text to learn the insights she found living with Trich. , but it is only fair to let future readers know that it is beased in Christian Fundamentalism .
 This book is geared toward the parent , relative of a trichototillomania -LRB- TTM -RRB- sufferer . It offers no greater insight than what the sufferer already knows . But for the relative/friend of a sufferer then this book is a child-like insight of what one person 's experience with TTM was . I would rank this book very low due to the non-information regarding TTM that is in it .
 Fussell 's hatred of war and the United States Army makes him state falsehoods about the Army and the men who served in the infantry . He quotes British Field Marshal Alexander on the poor quality of American infantry . Surely he knows that Allenbrooke , Montgomery and Alexander all were extremely prejudiced against their American allies . Fussell gives no dates , but Alexander was almost certainly saying that during the North Africa campaign , which was the first time Americans were in battle . The truth is that we had a lot to learn . We learned it quickly and rapidly became able to fight the Germans successfully.He states that the 28th Infantry Division was so poor that the Germans specifically chose to attack it in the Battle of the Bulge . Half truths and slander . The Ardennes was heavily forested and considered the area where Hitler was least likely to attack -- which is why he chose it -- and also the area were an attack was least likely to be successful because of hills forests and a poor road net , which is why Eisenhower did not worry overmuch about an attack there . Eisenhower was resting the 28th there and reinforcements to the division were getting acclimatized in a quite area . The division had fought bitter battles in the earlier advances . On the first day of the Battle of the Bulge the 28th was attacked by General der Panzertruppen Manteuffel 's Fifth Panzer Army . What did this lousy division do when attacked by a whole friggen panzer army ? It stopped them cold . The 28th took 24 % casualties that first day . On the second day , the attacks were just as fierce and the 28th , weakened and low on ammunition , began to give ground . After the war Manteuffel said that he was never able to make up for that first lost day.Fussell states that all of his training was useless , -LRB- which makes it difficult to explain how we ever beat the best trained soldiers in the world , the Germans -RRB- including rifle marksmanship . It is true that area fire was more common , but many men owed their life -LRB- Including him ! He once encountered three Germans and won the shootout . -RRB- to being able to shoot straight and true . There is no doubt that he -LRB- more justly -RRB- would have been just as critical of an Army that did not train infantry to shoot straight . He states that the Germans were better infantry , which is largely correct , although our best units were at least as good . The Germans had a four year head start on us and we were improving rapidly . Most historians agree that in the Battle of the Bulge , our infantry fought very well , slowing the Germans if they could not stop them . If they were as bad as Fussell makes out , we never would have gotten off the Normandy beaches . Incidentally , he states his own men were too lazy to dig foxholes . I doubt this -- since the Civil War infantry has known the value of being underground . But if true , it is a terrible indictment of him as a commander who did not care enough about the lives of the men committed to his care to make them take the most elementary of battlefield safety precautions . -LRB- I can provide cites for my positive assertions , if anyone is interested . -RRB- Since writing this review I have come across two books , Closing with the Enemy by Michael D. Doubler , and The GI offensive in Europe by Peter R. Mansoor . These books describe the training of infantry , the tactical lessons learned in battle , particularly the early fighting in North Africa and Italy , and how US infantry improved quickly . I no longer think I was right to concede as I did that German troops were usually better . By the end of North Africa , US troops were just as good and much better than the British . If you have a real interest in the history of W.W. II , these are important books . I am not aware of similar coverage of tactics in any of the standard histories .
 Recently deceased Fussell is someone you would not want on your department faculty or at an academic cocktail party . Although more talented than most leftist professors he here reveals himself as anti-American , snobbish , leftist . elitist , and a thoroughly disreputable excuse for an academic . He manages to combine every obnoxious leftist characteristic save horror at our use of the A Bomb to save American lives . A little religion might have done him some good .
 Unless you enjoy seeing the US Army trashed save your money . Very twisted view of the WWII Army and those belonging to it . I agree with a previous writer that had the author been a officer doing his job his men would have been trained properly . As a retired Army officer and combat veteran I found the book offensive to say the least .
 This book `` Doing Battle , The Making of a Skeptic '' is really bad . Do n't waste your money or your time . Borrow it from the library if you want to read it . I accidentally borrowed this book and another of his books `` BAD or , the Dumbing of America '' from the library at the same time . I was appalled at how bad both books were .
 I ordered this book in hopes of finding what it promised ... some fresh new material that could possibly give one `` an unfair advantage '' in the audition process . In spite of a few negative reviews I 'd read on these pages , I chose to believe the positive ones because I had some important auditions coming up and I WANTED this book to be all it promised . I NEEDED it to be ~ ~ and it was n't . I eagerly read every single piece and there was not one monologue appropriate for or worthy of a serious adult actor or actress , no matter what his or her level of experience . These might be `` okay '' for introducing high school students to drama . But with all due respect to Pierce and Onorato , as an acting teacher as well as performer , writer , and director , I just could n't justify asking a student of ANY age to chose to commit to any of this material over the works of some of our great - and even not-so-great - playwrites .
 First of all , to anyone perusing through here , it looks like most of the 5-star reviews are fake -- notice how they say generic things like `` I would recommend this to anyone , aspiring or professional '' and they 're by `` A Customer . '' Secondly , no offense to younger reviewers out there , but it also looks like the other 5-star reviews are by younger , less experienced actors.Honestly , DO N'T LISTEN TO THIS GUY . He does n't know the first thing about acting , monologues , or the auditioning process . First of all , take a monologue from a PLAY , not something some hack wrote . ANd if you do take a stand-alone monologue that someone wrote , make sure it 's good . These are HORRIBLE ! They 're cheesy , hackneyed , uninteresting , melodramatic and general . Also , you CAN NOT use stand-up comedy routines as a monologue !!! No , no no no no ! Acting teachers across the world -- the universe -- would cringe at the things he tells you.I 've seen the video , too . Here are some additional tips :1 . a `` prop '' is not a person , especially not a person lying down on the stage . You should n't really use props in a monologue unless it 's really simple , but even then . You also ca n't do a monologue to someone when you audition , though it 's a good way to practice .2 . YOU CAN NOT CHANGE THE WORDS ! While it 's helpful to paraphrase a monologue in the rehearsal process , you can not -- absolutely CAN NOT -- change the words of the playwright . You can cut them , yes , but you ca n't just make it up .3 . `` Just making 'em laugh '' is NOT an acceptable strategy!Okay , I could go on , but basically , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! If you 're a young person , check out monologue books by Craig Slaight -- he knows his stuff .
 My sons and I could not find any sites ... this info is to old ... they need to use GPS ... also I paid way to much for this item on Amazon I thought it would be fun ... I wasted 200 dollars in gas plus ruined my boys love for ROK.You are best to save your money ... the original price of the book was 3.00 dollars ... what does that tell you ???? 1973 that was a long time ago very difficult directions ... save your money on this one ... it is too bad !!!!!!!!!
 I like Kenyon 's earlier works , they 're witty , steamy and fun . But what happend to Kenyon 's newest book ` Seize the Night ' ? Akward syntactics stopped the flow of the novel , and the story line also has akward connectiions between the characters . This book gives me the feeling that it is someone else 's work and not Kenyon 's . I gave ` Seize the Night ' only 2 stars because it just does not have the same quality that is found in the earlier Dark Hunter novels . I hope this is not this is not a trend .
 These books would be better if the author actually remembered what she had previously written and therefore did not contradict herself.For example
 I did n't much like the first book I tried , Night Play , by Kenyon , but everyone raved about this one being the best ever , so I gave it a shot . Nope.Too much deux et machina . All problems are far too easily and magically resolved , making it impossible for this reader to become seriously captured by the unfolding story . Life and death mean little in this book.Romantic development is ... sorta nonexistent . No slowly developing intimacy and trust here . Tabby falls for Val fast -- not sure why the sudden attraction -- and begins to seduce him in her kitchen within the first 24 hours . Val falls for Tabby when he first meets her , during a street fight against daemons.Bottom line
 This is the first -LRB- and most likely only -RRB- Sherrilyn Kenyon book I 've read . The premise sounded interesting , given that I 'm an Anne Rice fan -LRB- mostly her early Lestat and Lasher books -RRB- . This is book 7 of a series on immortal Dark-Hunters who hunt vampires . This book centers on Tabitha and Valerius . Tabitha is a human who hunts vampires and it 's during one of her hunts that she meets Valerius , a Dark-Hunter disliked by everyone else.I have n't been able to finish the book , not so much the plot , but SK 's writing style . She is constantly going on about how this guy is so sexy and all about their sexuality and deliciousness and then doing the same for the next guy . It gets old after a few lines . And her sex scenes seem to go on forever . Do n't get me wrong , I love a good sex scene in a book , but when its pages and pages of it ... After reading half the book , I have n't learned anything but what I 've written above .
 I 'm a big Kenyon fan but she seems to have lost her gift for story-telling in these last books . I find that I not interested in what is happening between the hero and heroine and more interested in information from past characters . And that is not even entertaining . Kenyon needs to focus more on her story instead of promoting her series . Lately , her books seem to be rushed out . Perhaps that is the fault of the publisher but I find that I am willing to wait 2 weeks for the library to get it to me instead of purchasing . Certainly that is not good for the Publisher.Wait and get it from your library . If you are new to the Dark-hunter series , do n't bother .
 So this might not be a fair review of this book because I became tired of the heroine after page 20 or so that I just put the book down and returned it to the library this morning . I 'm not cool with any main characters inflicting mortal wounds on other protagonists , even and especially accidentally . If the Hero were n't a DH than he 'd have been dead and when she noticed she 'd stabbed a man who was not a daemon , she did n't seem particularly perturbed . I 've liked Tabitha in the other books , but she did n't seem as smart-alecky in the beginning of this one . Also there was nothing really unique about Valerius . I was just bored with it and I decided this one would SO not be a good use of my evening . Anyway so I 'll read the next one and hope it gets better .
 I was so hoping for a heroine who did n't need to be protected , who has a man in her life who sees her as an equal , to stand beside him , not behind him ... and a hero whose male ego is n't disturbed at the idea and does n't have to fight the urge to ` protect ' her ... well , close .
 ... if I could leave a review without leaving a star of any kind , I would.This book fails utterly on many levels . First of all , I am very , VERY glad that I did not pay money for it . As it is , I may use the copy I have for kindling some cold winter day if I do not foist it off on someone else first . It is , by far , the worst piece of published fiction I have ever read and holds number two spot on my `` worst stories ever '' list.I had all the charcters figured out within 10 pages of their appearance , so cilche they were . The female lead has a thoroughly rampant case of Mary-Sue-itis , so rampant that I doubt any recovery would have been possible with the aid of a competent editor . The words `` characterization black hole '' seem somehow inadequate to describe the soul sucking vortex that she left in her wake among the other characters.As soon as it became apparent that some characters could n't die , all possible sense of danger and worry evaporated and left me with the mary-sue and her boy toy . Why authors think that immortality is great , I 'll never know . It only robs the reader of any sort of tension and worry for the characters ' continued existence -LRB- not there was any to begin with , but I would have liked to look forwards to some ugly splatter deaths for most of the characters -RRB- . And then there 's the villain who ca n't seem to find his butt with both hands . I thought I was reading some demonic version of a Power Rangers bad guy , so inept he and his cronies were.I suppose this is a book for fans only , because it certainly did not intrigue me to want to read any more of Kenyon 's work in any genre whatsoever .
 This is a strange , strange book . Or perhaps it 's a very bad one . I felt mystified by it , but , on balance , I 'm leaning toward `` bad '' . Lambdin appears to be a stylistic and grammatical `` wolf-child '' . He breaks every rule with apparent innocence . Literally ungrammatical sentences wander , going nowhere . Exclamation points pepper the text . Dialogue is phrased in spelled-out dialect , occasionally vivid but far more often twee . Anything that can possibly be seen as jargon gets capitalized and hyphenated in the best tradition of bad military fiction.Characterization here seems shallow . Alan Lewrie , the hero , is presented as `` different ''
 While I was greatly looking forward to receiving my copy of this book as I had enjoyed it years ago as a graduate student -LRB- borrowed at the time -RRB- I was greatly disappointed with the materials . While the book the represent is there , it is clearly a poorly done reprint . Pages do not line up within the text as the format is larger than the original text . There is no table of contents and in most cases when there is a list , I am left with the impression that the person working with the material has no clue how to use a word processor . It is certainly not the book they show when you look at the `` view inside '' option . The DeCapo introduction is not there . I have never had to return a book to Amazon before , however in this case I think I am making an exception as this is a terrible version of one of the great examples of bibliographical history . It is clearly not an edition I would recommend to anyone .
 If you want to read about Jackson do n'twast your time with this book . You can read 10 pages and there might be a half of a page about jackson . Its about everything but and a lot about nothing . Its poorly written it stinks !!!
 Our daughter is engaged and thought this would be a great gift for my husband as we proceed with wedding plans . The first several chapters where fine but when references were made about the bachelor party and the FOB attending , I was shocked . It made references to lap dances , nude women , and other things I do n't care to mention . I thought it was inappropriate to suggest that those activities are expected . Not every one indulges in those kind of activities and we are proud to say our future son in law would n't dishonor our daughter in that way . The problem was that it just did n't mention it in one place but it was repeated in several areas . I think there could have been more pertinent information for the FOB rather than wasting pages on distasteful decriptions . I am glad I bought the book used , but it was wasted $ 4 . It 's going in the trash . Will try to find a better resource that is more tasteful and helpful .
 Sorry to bring down the average on this book , but I HATED it . It was depressing , and extremely ODD . For those cynics in the crowd , you may want to read it just for a laugh . The book was plagued by death , and lesbianism . Everyone this poor woman loved , died . The book had no redeeming value WHATSOEVER and seemed not to have a point . If you 're hoping to find a poignant author , this is not the woman . My advice
 I was hoping for a book that discussed the many special features of Borland Builder rather than a rehash of C and C++ information . The book does describe for beginners , and perhaps intermediates , the basics of C and C++ in detail , but on the Builder side no information about Borland extentions such as AnsiString , properties , and __ finally . Less than 5 % of the book has any Builder specific information . I bought Builder to write Windows applications and there is little about Windows in this book . In the functional descriptions it is hard to determine if the function discussed is a standard , an addition or a depricated function without a careful reading of the text . A header like Borland used to have with a compatibility chart for each function would have helped . Books like the set that Borland used to produce detailed all the features of the language . That would be what I would expect in a `` Complete Reference '' . The Borland on-line help has lots of problems -LRB- at least in B4 -RRB- , so a good text about Builder specifics is still needed because this is not that text .
 I have never seen a more misleading book in my entire life . Here is the problem . The title of this book is `` Borland C++ Builder - The Complete Reference '' . Most of the book is on the C language -LRB- even if you wanted to learn C , I would n't recommend this book because , to me , it appears to be much of a reproduction of the Help Files -RRB- . OK , Microsoft Windows in written in C ; but this book does n't even teach how to create Windows using C . Then you get to the few chapters -LRB- I mean the fea pages -RRB- on C++ . This section is completely useless because , if the author wanted to write a book on C++ , the title of the book would be different ; and a C++ learner would expect more than a few pages . I agree
 This book concentrates on c++ , but it does n't mention much about C++ Builder . I do not recomended it , if you want to learn Borland C++ Builder .
 This book might be considered a hoax . It is 957 pages long - not counting the index . Five hundred and forty eight pages are devoted to C . The next 229 pages briefly cover the C++ language . This leaves a mere 80 pages to cover the title of the book . Even then the 80 pages deal only with the IDE . Thus the Complete Reference Borland C++ Builder does n't even come close . There is good information in the book if you are learning/using C and to a lesser extent C++ , but it does n't even scratch the surface of it 's title subject .
 On the 977 pages of the book , 548 are about C , 325 pages are about C++ -LRB- Standard template library included -RRB- and barely 89 pages -LRB- !!! -RRB- on Borland C++ Builder . Nothing is said about the VCL , MFC or any specificificity of the Borland C++ compiler . The title is totally misleading .
 Do n't be fooled by the title . This volume is merely a warmed-over C/C + + primer to which has been appended a superficial 80-page section on the C++ Builder IDE . There is only the most paltry discussion of using C++ Builder to construct Windows GUIs and applications . If you already know C and C++ , this book will be of no use to you . If your aim is to build Windows GUIs using C++ Builder , look elsewhere .
 This book has a lot of good information for people who are interested in learning C++ . I have had experience programming in other languages , but this was my first time using C++ . The book was well written and easy to learn , but I felt disappointed at the lack of information on the actual Builder Environment . The information and example program is a great start on learning to use the Builder , but the book could have used 4 or 5 more chapters on it . I have learned a lot about C++ programming from this book , but unfortunately I am going to have to buy another book to learn more about the Builder .
 The book title -LRB- and the author -RRB- lies to readers . The book describes basically C++ language and it contains very little content about the C++ builder . I am so disappointed at the book and I am fully disatisified with the money I spent on the book .
 It 's unfortunate that this book devotes only a handful of pagesto BCB because there are so few books on this software tobegin with . I may have to write my own book on Borland C++ Builder if nobody else does soon.This book talk about the `` C '' language . To anyone buying thisbook , they expect to see distinct coverage of the Borland C++ Builder version 5 development environment . Instead , they get `` Introduction to C '' . It 's never hard to find a book onVisual C++ , why is it so hard to find a current book onthe superior product of Borland C++ Builder 5 ? There is so much to know about Builder specifically that youcould write three or four books on it and still not covereverything . Your best bet is to simply use the DevelopersGuide that comes with the product and the IDE manual alsoincluded . It helps more than any book you 'll find in abookstore currently .
 This books title isBorland C++ Builder the complete referenceyeah Right !!!! this book covers C and C++ pretty wellunless you want to see how to use the new functionfor instanceTQuery * Query1 ; Query1 = new TQuery -LRB- this -RRB- ; ... delete Query1a very basic needed few lines of code are no in the book at allinfact there is about 50 pages out of 1000 + that even mentions anything at all about C++ Builder at allPoor poor poor choice of titles .
 Do not buy this book . It 's a shame because some of the people who wrote in it . However , the contribution in this book are deeply disappointing , most are either commonplaces or do not bring anything new to the subject.You would better read what Austin Sarat writes !
 It is hard to find a book so useless like this -LRB- apart for writings of fanatics of violence -RRB- If you have anything else to do
 I have read 6 of the 8 in the series , the author does a very good job of bringing the books and characters together . To a normal HS Educated reader that has served any time as a Grunt they will be slow but enjoyable . To the Elite it will be jibberish .
 I gave this book a 4 , when compared to other books of gratuitous violence written by people who have probably never been in harms way.The idea of this story is that Four highly trained and experienced soldiers , one from each of the 4 branches of the military , are assigned to protect the president and transport him to safety in the event of a nuclear exchange . They are , or course , equipped with a wide array of really cool guns and gadjets . They also have an arsenal of one liners and dry comments to spout when faced with combat.This book , and the others in this series , read like an ill conceived Arnold Schwarzenegger movie . If you like a good laugh , pick one up . The funniest thing about this series is that the author tries to remain techincal and serious , but just succeeds in sounding pretty silly.Richard Austin , by the way , is actually a guy named Victor Milian . Looks like even the author was embarrassed to be associated with these books .
 Good book , bad recording.Ever hear Firesign Theatre 's `` Nick Danger '' episodes , where male actors do the Femme Fatale 's voice in falsetto ? This recording is exactly the same . Unfortunately , here we are supposed to take the characters seriously . The unintentional humor lasts about five minutes , after which I turned it off and listened to Firesign.The contrast between the realistic male narrator 's voice and the absurd falsetto of the females creates a jarring disconnect . Although I did finally listen to all six disks , I never really lost myself in the narrative.Next time , how about just reading the story ?
 This book really disappointed . I was looking forward to some clever hard-boiled detective , like Hammett 's Sam Spade or Continental Operative . What I got instead was ex-detective Nick Charles , who is medium-boiled , at best.Nick Charles quit the detective game when he married the wealthy Nora , instead managing their -LRB- her -RRB- fortune and spending most days sleeping late , attending and hosting cocktail parties with the rich , going to all-night clubs , and coming home drunk in the wee hours . While on a trip to New York City he happens to meet up with the 20-year-old daughter of a former client , who of course needs his help . She just wants to find her father , whom she has not seen in many years.Then her father 's secretary is found dead , and the father can not be located -LRB- although he keeps sending notes to people -RRB- . It turns out that nobody has seen the father for several months , except , possibly , the secretary . Several suspects emerge , most notably the missing man and members of his dysfunctional family.The Thin Man contains echoes of Hammett 's razor-sharp dialogue , but it seems unnatural for a character who spends most days drinking and socializing with the wealthy . The suspects may be neurotic and slightly immoral , but they are not the street-smart toughs of Hammett 's other books . Even the body count pales in comparison , and Nick is in danger only once , almost by accident . And the most disheartening element of all
 Having come off of reading Maltese Falcon and watching the Thin Man movie , I had high expectations for the book . Unfortunately I found it extremely dull , and the characters Nick and Nora , who are so vibrant and alive on screen , are two dimensional alcoholic drips on paper . It took a lot of time to get through this book , and in the end , I did n't care what happened . Although the movie does n't have much of a plot , it is far more entertaining than the book .
 This is the first novel I have ever read where I cared nothing at all about any of the characters -LRB- excepting Asta , the dog -RRB- . I actually wished , while slogging through , that all of the characters would die so that I could stop reading.None of the characters feel real and the prose itself is choppy . I realize that I 'm looking at this novel through modern eyes , which is unfair , but it seemed that all the women do is cry , lie , and answer the phone , which grates on my nerves.If it were n't required for school , I would have been done with this book two pages in . Save your money .
 It always saddens me to think that Hammett , who created hard-boiled literature with THE MALETESE FALCON and RED HARVEST , should close out his writing career with this polite fluff about a married couple solving a socialite murder . Chandler would years later praise Hammett as the man `` who gave murder back to people who had reason to committ it '' , but THIN MAN shows an unfortunate regression back to the old school that Hammett helped to eclipse . This is lightware fare , and nothing else .
 As a translator I can sympathize with Gass ' approach . He gets to fault all the other translators -LRB- this writer included -RRB- while also , implicitly and explicitly , celebrating his own results . But despite this rhetorical cunning , Gass , who is a fine essayist and novelist , does not have a poet 's ear , and again and again his versions fall short of effective poetry . They must stand by themselves , ultimately , and while he does his utmost to justify them , they tend to reveal why he needs special pleading to put them before us as supposedly superior to other versions . Mine , from the mid-seventies , first published in FIELD and now available from Norton , have reached a wide public without this kind of explaining , carping , and denigration of the efforts of others .
 I 've been reading for years about how good this book is , and how it caused a irreparable rift between Elvis Costello and the author . Having read it , I can not understand either . The writing is repetitive and precious . Thomas tries too hard to turn a phrase at every , uh , turn , and his incessant descriptions of how boring the touring life can be are equally as excruciating . I can not figure out what Elvis got pissed off about ? The fact the uses the `` lavatory '' three times before a show ? His fear of flying ? I get the feeling he must have just learned to dislike Thomas over time and this book was a good excuse to chuck him from the band . Americans wishing to learn British slang and vernacular will find this book rife with opportunity . For hardcore Elvis fans only , and only suitable then as bathroom reading .
 I really thought this was going to show at least more than a fleeting glimpse at Elvis and the boys , but it 's really just a pissed off ex-bass player spouting off at how everything sucks except him . There 's not much about `` The Singer '' or the rest of the band , just Thomas waxing un-poetically about how much better he is than everyone else . Really sad ...
 Man am I glad I did n't pay big bucks to buy this used while it was out of print . Let me tell you the reason it has been out of print all this time
 Look , I dig Elvis Costello & the Attractions but why the hell did they fire this guy after he wrote this ? There 's nothing really in here that is all that shocking or scandalous . The book reads like someone 's diary and as a sort of rock travel essay put me to sleep . It 's all the same -- disconnected observations on nothingness . Some hit the right tone but others are just there and make you go `` So what 's the big deal ? `` Compare this to some other books of this genre and this does not even hold a candle to many of the New Wave era .
 All of his anecdotes , jokes , and cringe-inducing puns imply that he views himself as the ultimate arbiter of taste and intellect . He 's a great bass player .
 This is not a book for fans of Elvis Costello and the Attractions . If you 're buying this book as a fan of the band , skip it . There 's about 10-15 pages worth of material that mention anything interesting or funny related to that subject . The rest of the book is nothing but pointless rambling and pseudo-philosophical mumbo-jumbo . I guess this could count as Bruce 's outlook on life . Oh , and there 's that goofy chapter about letting some guy borrow a van . -LRB- ??? -RRB- Seriously , it gets so tedious and boring I just skimmed the last few chapters for anything relating to the band , but found nothing and closed the book . I have no idea why this book could be cited for causing problems between Bruce and Elvis . There 's nothing inflammatory or personal revealed ; just a few jokes made here and there about the band members ' habits or demeanor while on the road . Wow .
 Having missed the first printing , I eagerly waited for many years for this to become available again . I suppose the anticipation for something special and enlightening only served to set me up for a complete letdown , and that is exactly what best describes this utter waste of my precious time . There 's no denying that Bruce Thomas is a superlative bass player ... but as a writer , he just should not have bothered . I suspect this trash was induced by an overindulgence in halucinogenic dabbling . He appears to be an unappreciative and bitter soul . Such a pity for such a talented musician . But I will grant you this , I never was a big fan of the British low-brow sense of humor to begin with ... I just do n't get it . Benny Hill , Monty Python , all that garbage must be viewed on a good strong buzz to be appreciated in any way . So my recommendation is this ... if you are going to bother reading `` The Big Wheel , '' roll yourself a large one first.Sir Clyde Crashcup
 I would not recommend this book for `` power tuning '' tips . The book does a better job of explaining how the stock Mini components work . If you already know about Minis or have other books on Minis then you probably do not need this one . I was looking for such information as which brakes are best for my application , or which carb is best for performance and which is best for fuel economy . The book does tell a little bit about this kind of info , just not to the extent I was looking for . It did tell a bit about what is the best exhaust system to use , so that made me happy . I would suggest not paying too much for the book . Remember , this is just my opinion . You may be looking for different info than I. Thanks .
 The review by Sharilee is a good summary , but I found Ellul 's actual presentation to be extremely wordy and obscure . There is much to be said on this topic , but I do n't think he said it at all clearly or well . My advice is to browse this book in a library before investing in your own copy .
 This product is no longer support by Apress who baught over the rights from Wrox and you are not able to get the source code to do the exercises from Apress or wrox.It was a major mistake buying this book since my money was wasted on a book I can not use . Please contact me at 281-239-8739 . It is rated poorly because the service is no longer offered for a product that 's being sold . Very unfair and cheating to the customer who relies on these services after purchase.Richard Wyke
 I saw this book on Oprah . If she recommends it , it must be good , right ? Wrong . The book does n't deliver what it promises . Common stains are not always included . I assume that Oprah recommended it because -LRB- of course -RRB- she does n't do her own laundry and would have no way of judging the quality of this kind of book for those of us who do not have hired help .
 I was very disappointed with this book . I saw it on Oprah and thought that I had to have it because I 'm not very good with laundry . It turns out that every time I 've referenced it , the stain I 'm looking to treat is n't included . For instance , GRASS STAINS ! Where is that ??? Anyone who has children would look for this first , yet it 's not even in there . There are many common stains that are n't even listed . I would n't recommend this book ; and I 'm surprised that Oprah did .
 I was very disappointed with this book . I saw it on Oprah and thought that I had to have it because I 'm not very good with laundry . It turns out that every time I 've referenced it , the stain I 'm looking to treat is n't included . For instance , GRASS STAINS ! Where is that ??? Anyone who has children would look for this first , yet it 's not even in there . There are many common stains that are n't even listed . I would n't recommend this book ; and I 'm surprised that Oprah did .
 A friend gave me this book feeling that I would enjoy the way it was written and how Mr. Richardson uses language throughout . She was half right.The twists and little turns of phrase and language were enjoyable , but rare . Instead , uncommon words are used to fill the simple sentences and try to lend some weight to an unremarkable book.Otherwise , the brothers are barely distinguishable , though they have completely different mannerisms . There is nothing that grabs hold of the reader to differentiate between them or any of the guests.If I found it in a $ .10 box at a yardsale , I would buy it . Otherwise , it is n't worth the cost of shipping .
 Some of the small moments are cute in this book but I would n't recommend it as a must-read . The author goes off on tangents and the literary writing is a bit over the top to sound like owners of a bed and breakfast .
 This is a GREAT story , brilliantly written . The audio version is a let down.It is titled ` unabridged ' but parts of the book ARE missing . For instance when we first meet Mrs. Rochester - in the book we get a few paragraphs about Virgil & Hector 's mother 's dying moments . These paragraphs are censored on the audio version.While it was some curiosity value to hear the author 's voice , his delivery is akin to an uninspired newsreader at times.The material means it will be good . I am sorry it is so pasteurised . It could have been so much better.B ~ Gal
 This book was suggested to our reading group because of its rave reviews . I felt that this book had no character development , no story and had very little to offer . Even the writing style was weak . Why was this novel so highly recommended when there are so many enriching book to encounter ?
 This book was well-written but too `` cute '' . The author tried a bit too hard to make each character an eccentric . While I consider myself well-read , the numerous literary references grew tiresome . It is simply not an interesting book and one I quit reading before reaching the end .
 What a stupid book ! I was expecting a good read , but the writing was pretentious and pedantic and the plot was pointless . I 'm so disappointed !
 I have to admit , I 'm easy to please . Great audio books are few and far between , but the writing , the reading , the tone and the stories on these cds were to me pretentious and overbearing . Save yourself the money and buy a classic . I enjoyed the `` seabiscuit '' story on Cd . Get that . I should have known better . Was it quaint ? Maybe . Interesting or well done - no . I 'd have more fun just reading a log book from an inn than listening to this again .
 I 'm a great fan of Barbara Pym , Emily Eden , Margaret Oliphant , Anthony Trollope , PG Wodehouse , and similar writers of gentle -LRB- and not-so-gentle -RRB- social humor . When I found this book , then , I was pleased to find another promising author that seemed to fit this type.The first chapter was amusing enough , written from one of the Bachelor Brother 's points of view . Richardson has some very nice turns of phrase and is very good with his imagery . He 's also skilled at changing the `` voice '' of the narrator for each chapter . The book very quickly palled for me after that first chapter , though , and it quickly became just a tedious read . I found the characters uninteresting , the setting only mildly engaging , and the overall lack of plot dull.Fortunately , it was also a very short book , which is good for anyone who has to finish whatever book they start . As light summer reading , one could do worse that this light-weight volume , but one could undoubtedly also do better .
 If someone were to actually follow the advice given in this book , he would be quickly out of a job . Modern business does not put up with the attitude presented by the author . In the conclusion , he actually writes , `` To be a good network administrator is to have your end users love you . To be a great network administrator is to have your users too scared to ask you for help '' . A person with this attitude would not make it past the first interview in any organization I have worked for.In other words , this is a book on how to make yourself useless to your organization.This is such an outdated mode of thinking . The modern IT department is an internal customer service organization -LRB- and if it is not it will soon be outsourced -RRB- ; not an adversarial IT guy versus end user organization.There is only about two paragraphs of useful knowledge in this book -LRB- under `` The know your servers '' and `` Know the server room '' headings -RRB- . This author proves the old adage `` Those who ca n't do teach '' . I would recommend a pass on this title .
 A well written book by a GURU in network administration -LRB- Douglas Chick -RRB- , the language used is simple to understand . I recommend this book , worth the bucks .
 Promotes a self-serving theory that teens are becoming `` pan-sexual ; '' encourages rejection of `` gender-categories ; '' and that the ultimate goal for teens should be to feel comfortable having sex with either boys or girls . Irresponsible and damaging to teens who are navigating through normal adolescent experiences . No good can come from the oppressed becoming the oppressor , bending all to their beliefs . Why ca n't a boy feel close or emotionally connected to another boy without being labeled as `` gay '' or `` bi-sexual ? '' i.e. , Is n't it possible that a teenage boy who likes fashion is just that
 A novel based on a Robert E. Howard character ? It must be horrible , you say . I would almost agree with that . The authors here are probably most well known for their Red Sonja series . This story was very predictable and the ending was one large cop-out . Like a lot of fantasy i try to read
 This is rubbish . Very disappointing after the entertaining Red Sonja series . This starts off ok , after a wizard makes a sacrifice and tells Bran what he needs to do it descends through ordinary to atrocious.Bran is captured by a Roman sorcerer who then lets him go as a captive to Rome , to become , Holy Retarius , Batman ! A gladiator . There he meets a Roman witch , and a wealthy shrewd gladiator runner who sees potential , yada yada.Often a minor character in his own book , there are a lot of Romans running around you could n't give a shagging stola about.To top it off , the proofreading is rubbish , too .
 When this book was recommended to me , the person used words like `` horrifying , '' `` tragic '' and `` real . '' Having now read it , I can think of only one word to describe it
 Would have enjoyed this tape more had I known it was to accompany the book . Now I guess I 'll buy the book and tell you more later .
 I quit after getting halfway through the 1991 2nd ed of this book . A good start but did n't offer comprehensive understanding of Koine Greek language structure . Dobson 's books are more of a crash course then a Greek grammar and study guide . -LRB- It appears that this book was intended to be used with a cassette tape and in a classroom environment with a lexicon handy -RRB- . The first 14 or so chapters helped me get started but w/o a vocabulary builder and knowledge of how Greek words are created I purchased `` Basics of Biblical Greek '' . BBG book did n't jump ahead of my reading vocabulary but taught me how Greek is structured and from there I will get material to increase my Greek vocabulary . -LCB- -LCB- The 3rd ed of this book does n't even use Greek letters -RCB- -RCB- - It does have GREEK letters but appears ENGLISH via LOOK INSIDE ! - Apparently a bad OCR file and not PDF image.FYI every post here goes into all of Dobson 's ` Learn NT Greek ' editions . Amazon web site did n't segregate the postings according to the different printing and ISBNs .
 I recently bought a copy of Dobson 's Learn New Testament Greek . Having studied Greek before , I was surprised to find that the Greek words in this text have no accent marks . This makes learning the language much harder because you can not be sure you are pronouncing the words with the accents on the correct syllables . I would recommend that beginning students of Greek look elsewhere , and make sure whatever book you purchase contains accent marks so you can learn to pronounce the words properly as you study .
 This is a good book if you 're looking into some insight into the possible experiences of gay Muslims in the US . However , this book graphically depicts severe physical and sexual abuse of a minor -LRB- Bilal -RRB- at the hands of his brother . So , be forewarned there . Also , I am interested into what sort of research Sulayman X conducted before writing this work as to my knowledge he is not Kurdish-American and converted to Islam in his 20 's . Furthermore , the writing in this novel is very plain , the dialogue between characters is almost cartoonish at times , and parts of the plot seem simply unbelievable .
 Never have I read so much poppycock about Masonry by a Mason in all my life . The author claims that our signs grips and words have secret meanings which he attempts to explain but in doing so he decribes methods of giving signs that I have never seen in 25 years as a Mason ! Then he attempts to give different meanings to the words but they have to be spelled differently , which he claims is due to the original oral tradition and Scottish pronuciation . I think this brother needs to go back to Lodge and learn the ritual over ! Two thumbs down ...
 Useful for those who need a hands on approach to understanding their personal and professional development.I personally found the exercises boring and too time consuming
 I had great hopes that this book would help me decipher my dream about Mr. Bubbles in a spork fight with Chita Rivera at the Copa while I was playing `` Ooops I did it again '' on the bagpipes . However , this `` guide '' could offer me no help other than labelling me dangerously insane . Now honestly , what kind of help is that ?
 the producers ofthis book are aboutas depraved as any I have seen inrecent recollection.If you enjoy reading ` fortune cookie ' one liners and horoscopefiction , you might find a fewinteresting concoctions but do n'tbet on it pitiful waste of paper !
 This dream dictionary , more than any other I 've has more of a pesemistic outlook for the querent than most dictionaries . Perhaps the gloomy images are just a reflection of the days in which the book was written -LRB- 1940 's ? -RRB- I wo n't knock the book completely because no other dream dictionary offers as many dream inter - pretations as this one . One does get their money 's worth if that if quanity of dreams is the main qualifier . Myself , I do use the book on occasion and still enjoy it somewhat , but remember , many of today 's common symbols like computers , televisions and other hi-tech symbols are n't listed.This is why I give the 10,000 dreams a score of 2 out of 5 .
 I prefer quality not quantity.The author needs to pay more attention to detail instead of barely touching the surface on so many dreams . so I suggest he writes a book on 5,000 dreams with a lot of detailed answers . I also suggest trashing this poor excuse of a book trying to Interpret Dreams . I have .
 Having been given this book as a present by a well meaning family member , I am constantly irritated by it when trying to interpret a dream . The categories are limited and very outdated . Many modern conveniences are not listed . So you ca n't interpret them . The writer seems to have had a pre-occupation with young girls because almost every enttry ends by saying that
 Seems fantastic , in some respects . Dreams are not as easy to interpret as many of the new age dreamweavers suggest . Readers of this book should balance the content against other compelling perspectives , e.g. , DREAMS by KALLMYER is an excellent book which provides a scholarly , yet practical view that is sure to challenge the reader .
 I have several books about dream interpretation and dream dictionaries and this one is the only one so far that I would n't recommend . First of all , it is poorly translated from German . Obviously translated by someone German who speaks english , and not the other way around . Its content seems out dated ... as if written 200 years ago . If you are interested in dream interpretation , it helps to have sevaral books on the subject for cross referencing . I find all my other books on this subject pretty much consistant with eachother , but Gustavus 's interpretations are limited to only a few ... your dream means your are either going to get sick and die , someone is going to decieve you or you will be wealthy and happy . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 the producers ofthis book are aboutas depraved as any I have seen inrecent recollection.If you enjoy reading ` fortune cookie ' one liners and horoscopefiction , you might find a fewinteresting concoctions but do n'tbet on it pitiful waste of paper !
 If I were in favor of burning books -LRB- which I am not -RRB- I would throw this one onto the pyre first . It is the most retrogade kind of dream dictionary . Instead of letting other people take your power away by telling you what your dream symbols mean , why not learn some fresh techniques for unfolding the messages for yourself ? I recommend books like Robert Moss ' `` Conscious Dreaming '' or Jeremy Taylor ' w work , which stress the fact that YOU are the expert on your own dreams . In Moss ' books , you are encouraged to go back INSIDE your dreams and gather more information , dialogue with dream characters and awaken to a larger reality . Why settle for a stuffy , fuddy , outmoded set of `` traditional '' readings when this HUGE adventure is waiting for you ?
 I wasted my money . I was dissapointed to say the very least . Full of negativity , this book , just did n't do it for me .
 Have used this book on and off for 5 years and have decided to trash it . You can tell that there are so many items that are from the early 10th century -LRB- I have no clue what some of the items within the book are just glancing around ... -RRB- He does n't interpret color or things that could be common -LRB- like a dress or a mop or washing a floor -RRB- .
 This book is more like a horoscope in that it gives you a list of items and events that occur in dreams , and tells you what your future may hold based upon their appearance in your dream . It does n't explain what they might mean in a more concrete sense ; what does it mean that you are dreaming these things , what issues do you need to address ? What is weighing on your mind ? Instead , it is much like going to a palm reader .
 Wast of money !! This book did not do it for me , it is so negitave you can almost predict what the interrpretation will be before you read it .
 I recommend Betty Bethard 's Dream Book , isbn 0967979013 , if you really are interested in dreams and their meaningIt has the same format , but it written intuitively by her You might discover that you learn more about yourself from this book than many others , which are often a conglomeration of others
 I 've debated so many times about posting this review.I usually do not post on a review if I ca n't give the book three stars or more.However with serious consideration I still feel compelled to say , I was a very disappointed in this book.I know it was meant to be funny but it was just to stupid to have been funny . IMOI just could not get into it . I spent a month trying to finish it and still come not finish it before the bookclub meeting.I am one that try and finish reading a book no matter how bad I think it is . I got as far as 189 pages and I just gave up.A group of atleast 15 of us felt like we wasted our hard earned money to purchase and attempt to read it.We had an author conference call and I was truley hurt to have to saySister Betty made a failing grade with every one with the exception of one.I guess it goes to show how we can all read the same book and come up with two opinions . Either you love it or you hate it.The reviews posted have been great for her but ... . I missed the boat somewhere.Of all 15 of us only one thought it was a 4 . * read . This is one I would say study carefully before you buy it.I wished some one had shared these comments with me before we chose it a bookclub selection.It really hurts for me to post this but I just felt my literaryduty to do this.a review I am not proud to write but I just felt I had to do it . : - -LRB-
 I hate not finishing a book . It was so awful , after the 5th attempt at reading it , I gave up.It was a book picked for my book club reading . uuggg !!!!
 This was my book club 's August selection and it was not a good read . The author seemed to ramble on about nothing . I tried on several occasions to complete the book - but could not . I did not find it funny or entertaining . Hope the next one is better .
 I found this book to be very boring . When I picked this up , I thought it would be a funny book about church characters . The church and its characters were a little unrealistic . I had a hard time finishing this book . I am glad I picked it up from the library instead of spending money on it .
 I am so sorry but this book was not good , funny or anything resembling the word GOOD . It was very silly and I thought juvenile for adult reading . This was a waste of ny precious time . I would not recommend anyone purchase this book .
 Teachers in Touch had a difficult time discussing this book . Most of the members could not relate to the language used by the author and had a hard time finding the humor . One member actually liked the book and said she laughed through her reading . Overall , our ratings averaged 1.5 , but we 'll round up to a 2 .
 I couldnt FORCE myself to read past chapter one . This is a horrible attempt at comedy . All the stupid names got on my nerves and the language was so juvenile . This is a pre-teen book . I will never read another book from this author again.I wish there was a rating less than 1 star , I wouldly surely give this book a negative 1 or less .
 The hard cover reprint edition offered by Amazon and others is incomplete . It contains Part 1 only . Note the page count -LRB- 208 -RRB- and compare it to the trade paperback versions -LRB- 310-324 page count -RRB- . Avoid this edition .
 Danvers builds a steadily credible narrative by staying with his characters and slowly building suspense yet throws in the towel at the novel 's climax and loses his way completely in the last fifty pages . `` The Watch '' begins as Peter Kropotkin , real life Russian anarchist , is revived on his deathbed by a mysterious man who calls himself Anchee . Anchee sends Kropotkin , complete with a new 30 year-old body , to Richmond , Virginia 1999 . The novel follows Kropotkin as he interacts with Richmond life and slowly contacts several people who will play pivotal roles in an alternate American future.For the most part , the novel succeeds in its characterizations and in persuading the reader to suspend disbelief . We come to believe this new Kropotkin and are thoroughly convinced by telling background details that we are seeing this story through his eyes . In this he rivals Farmer 's portrait of Richard Francis Burton in his `` Riverworld '' series . There is also plenty of Richmond history as connected with the Civil War and General Robert E. Lee . Well done , Mr. Danvers.The problems begin when we discover that the watch of the title is a device for bringing the bearer back in time -LRB- any time other than the future and the era in which the bearer has lived -RRB- . Right away a rent is torn in the fiction as any sane living person would use the watch immediately and tour recorded history . Kropotkin however , thinks it 's a hoot and returns it to his pocket . Yeah , sure.When the climax of the novel arrives and events quickly overtake Kropotkin , Danvers bobbles and eventually drops the ball . The closing events in the story have little import , as Kropotkin 's new political life is given such short attention . And it is here , finally , where Danvers wants us to believe in too many `` SF '' tropes at one time , all of which are made possible by the watch . All of which are used to cover up the fact that the author simply ran out of ideas . Also , the Anchee character is given unexplained godlike abilities and becomes the explanation for every plot hole or twist . `` The Watch '' looks good on the jacket blurb and for the first few hundred pages , give the reader the impression that it might deliver on its promises.Don ' t be fooled .
 A 19th century anarchist is given a second chance at life at the end of a 20th century.The premise is inventive and I wanted to like this , but ... I got only partway through this before putting it aside . Parts were nice , but the crude and socialistic aspects were too much . This is definitely not for teens .
 Reading the blurb this sounded exciting since I was a BIG fan of CIRCUIT and its sequel . I 'd ignored Danvers earlier fascination with Russian Marxism as a sign of the times . He is a university professor and as a Russian wag said , `` We may have seen the light but the college folks are still waitin ' for the Revolution . '' LOL The irony is that the very things the `` hero '' criticizes - greed , capitalism 's messiness , redundance and competition - manage to deliver the goods AND political freedom whereas planned economies do neither.The premise is enticing - a dying man is given a chance at another life in a younger reincarnation at a distant time in the future -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . In this case , it 's mid 19th century Tsarist Siberia and our `` hero '' is the Marxist anarchist Peter Kropotkin , an actual revolutionary . Literary problems start immediately upon `` arrival '' in Richmond with the words `` capital of the Confederacy '' . You moan , oh my God , not another evil South rehash . It appears to be 1969 instead with communal living , hippy lifestyle , power to the people atmosphere - tofu and guitar strumming are emphasized . Kropotkin is quoted throughout the book , interesting and silly . -LRB- Example
 I was surprised to learn from the publisher 's blurb that this book was the story of `` all -LRB- Vietnamese -RRB- women who have lived through a war '' . I would not have thought that President Ngo Dinh Diem 's sister was a typical example of a woman in wartime Vietnam ? In many ways she was surely the power behind the throne , since she was a major channel for anyone seeking to influence the President and , as such , well protected , until the fall of Saigon , from many of the disasters that that suffering country experienced.The book itself is a disappointment . Its overblown romantic style and the numerous non-native speaker faults of syntax and vocabulary make it a dull and rather frustrating read . Hanoi translators write better English.One has the feeling that Mr Chau has been too much influenced by the pulp fiction about `` Indochine '' so popular in France at the turn of the 20th century . Unfortunately not only is this book an uneasy amalgam of history and fiction but a good deal of the history also seems to owe more to Mr. Chau 's imgaination than the historical facts .
 A clever sequence of love story mingled with action to drive the budding romance . Good line of ever-present humor and plausible story lines .
 I bought her new novel before receiving BIY -LRB- ok , stupid me -RRB- and then when I read it , I found myself really hoping she would take more care to develop her newer characters . Actually , I thought BIY was a lot like Rachel Gibson 's books , given that the hero is really one tough SOB with a really hard head , not even a sliver of knowledge in female psychology and generally dedicated to believing women were created to be helped and ordered around by men . Her heroine , Catherine , starts out a lot similar to Ms Gibson 's heroines , an independant woman fully capable of leading a productive life alone , but searching for the man who 'll make it more fun . Very well , but why do I get the feeling that what they all end up doing is falling for Big Daddy and just passing on responsability for their lives on to the prehistoric version of a male ? Sorry , but I do n't much like heros whose only weakness seems to be the fact that he ca n't immediately seduce the heroine , otherwise thinking he 's God 's gift . If all these authors -LRB- Ms Andersen and Ms Gibson -RRB- are inspired by Ms Phillips , then all I can say is
 As a previous reviewer pointed out , something WAS missing in this book and I think I found it . Integrity . The frustration you feel on behalf of the lead Kaylie is every woman 's nightmare of feeling trapped and helpless in a situation you have no control over . She is accosted in her own home by the zealous bounty hunter Sam McKade , mistaken to be her twin sister , molested when she claims she is NOT the one , and then dragged across the country against her will . The fact that Sam is supposed to be a professional only makes Kaylie 's plight worse in that he does n't do anything conclusive to find out if she 's really who she says she is . Read the blurb and take the book as you will . Some parts are entertaining but others are degrading .
 Truly , this book was a total waste of time . I saw a couple of good reviews on Amazon and decided to try this author , because somebody compared her to Susan Elizabeth Phillips , who is a far better author by the way . The characters are shallow and underdeveloped . The storyline , which could have been played up more , was insipid . And the strangest characters kept running across the tattered tapestry of a weak plot distracing you further . If that does n't get you , maybe the tone of this story will do it . Some said it was sassy , I say it is silly and base . Find a better romance writer , some suggestions include Susan Elizabeth Phillips , Linda Howard , Judith Mcnaught . This is my last book by this lady .
 Catherine is a shy and prim teacher who hides her shapely figure under ill-fitting garments . Her life is turned upside down when she is mistaken for her felonious show-girl twin sister Kaylee by Sam , a brawny bounty hunter trying to bring her back to face justice . This assignment will be the feather in his cap that will allow him to get that fishing shack he has wanted so long ... In a twist similar to the movie Midnight Run , Catherine does everything that she can think of to slow them down since he wo n't believe he has the wrong gal . Sam is not sure what to make of the resourceful showgirl - she is much brainier that he anticipated . And he is fighting a beast of an attraction for her.This is an early Andersen novel -LRB- 1990 's -RRB- , so her style is not as refined as her more recent novels -LRB- or even her early suspense novels which are awesome -RRB- . The dialog is pretty stale , and despite steaming up the pages , the couple seems ill-suited , making their coupling hard to fathom or the storyline in general hard to swallow .
 Curvy and beautiful , Catherine MacPherson has always hidden her assets under loose , plain clothing . She 's quick , intelligent , stable , dependable and responsible . Her twin sister , Kaylee , who works as a showgirl in Miami , has always been her polar opposite . Kaylee is flashy , flamboyant , impulsive , and always getting herself into trouble . When Kaylee travels across country to Seattle and shows up on Catherine 's doorstep unexpectedly , Catherine smells trouble . It seems Kaylee has skipped bail after being arrested for something she did n't do , not to mention she overheard her boss hiring a hit man to eliminate his girlfriend . So not only is the hit man after her , but also bounty hunter , Sam McKade.Sam needs to bring Kaylee back so he 'll finally have enough money to buy that fishing lodge for him and his friend . After following Kaylee to Seattle , he snatches her from her sister 's home while trying to make a getaway . This infuriating woman insists she not Kaylee , but her twin sister , Catherine . He 's heard that one before and he 's not buying it.However , it really is Catherine , and she 'll do anything she can to delay their progress back to Miami . Along the way , Sam starts considering the possibility he has the wrong sister , because she 's a lot smarter , and not nearly as self-centered as he imagined . But more importantly , it 's getting increasingly difficult to be professional , and to keep his hands to himself . What will happen when he finds out the truth of her identity , and they finally give in to their mutual attraction?This was my first Susan Anderson read , and I had relatively high expectations because of the rave reviews of this book on Amazon . And I also found it on someone 's listmania list as a favorite . Well , I was gravely disappointed , and only made it through chapter eight before I gave up . There just was n't much to like about this book . The characters were basically one-dimensional , the writing was awkward , and the clich&eacute;d story just could n't hold my attention . I really disliked Catherine 's sister , Kaylee , because not only did she meet all specifications for the showgirl stereotype -LRB- how boring is that ? -RRB- , but also she was willing to hide and just watch her sister suffer the consequences of her wrongdoing . Then we have the hit man whose name is Jimmie Chains -LRB- oh please , how original -RRB- . I quickly skimmed through the remainder of the book , and overall I can only find two positive things about this novel . It did have a funny moment here and there , when I was n't rolling my eyes in exasperation , and the couple of love scenes I read were quite erotic . Unfortunately , that certainly is n't enough to torture myself by reading all three hundred seventy-five pages . For a good contemporary romance , try Jennifer Crusie , Susan Elizabeth Phillips or Rachel Gibson . I already own another book by Ms. Anderson , and at this point I 'm unsure if I 'll read it .
 I 'm not very demanding of my books . I just want a fun story with fun characters . This book failed to deliver either . The characters stuck to every stereotype . The actions and reactions were unbelievable . My first and last Susan Andersen book .
 While `` Baby , I 'm Yours '' is entertaining enough to hold a reader 's attention , there are some passages that appear to have been constructed using a `` Guide for Writing Romance '' . It is absurd for the author to expect us to believe that when a man enters a woman 's home and threatens her with a gun , she 's going to notice `` his strength '' , yet `` Baby , I 'm Yours '' is full of scenarios in which Catherine , the heroine , notices Sam 's physical attributes and inner appeal when she would really be trying to escape his clutches . Yes , this is a romance novel . Yes , we expect conflict and tension between our couple . But in this book , the attraction these two characters feel for one another pops up in places where it should not , giving the book a contrived sense about it . Also , at one point , Catherine has a chance to flee from Sam and just like they must teach in Romance 101 classes , she becomes a silly female and remains stuck in her predicament . The worst we have to face is Catherine 's ludicrous request that Sam shoot a spider with the little bit of ammunition they have . Again , we are to find it `` precious '' that she wants protection from a spider in any old , silly , are n't - I-just-vulnerable ? , female way she can get it . There is no depth of character , Sam is an unattractive , bratty male , and her subplots -LRB- Kaylee and Bobby ; Gary back in Florida -RRB- are so much better-woven than the main plot , that one is left starving for those characters to creep back up and take over from the boredom that Catherine and Sam provide . In short , the story is too skeletal
 I thought this book was awful . It was tacky , and difficult to read . Only because I paid more for it than most romance novels , almost $ 7.00 - did I torture myself by forcing myself to read it . It did not get any better the farther I read . It was really stupid , and truly an awful book !
 this book leaves a lot to be desired , i can barely finish it.i dont think i will be reading this auther again
 Obviously everyone has a different opinion of this book , so I 'm exercising my right to put my .02 cents in.This was obsolutely the worst romance novel I 've ever read . I can not respect any man who 's a cop wanna-be , sorry . He 's obtuse -LRB- wo n't listen to heroine explain he 's got the wrong girl -RRB- , cheap , calls his best friend Gare -LRB- short for Gary -RRB- . I mean what man would call Gary Gare -LRB- a woman might -RRB- . We read romance novels to escape . I just wanted to escape from this hero . My skin was crawling by the time I finished this book.In fact , I am done with this author , I bought a whole bunch of her books because of all the glowing reviews , but I just ca n't take it anymore . This was her third book I read and I was not crazy about the first two , either , but this book does it for me . Fini .
 I kept reading this book against my better judgement . While it moved fast , I did not find the characters appealing or sensitive . In fact , they seemed cheap and certainly went well with the venues of the story . This book may appeal to those who like the tabloid talk shows , but to the readers who enjoy the gentile and refined characters of the more classy romances , this book is NOT for you .
 Hi ! This book had potential apart from the ... title , and so could have been better . The annoying thing about books like these is when they get a little bit too excited in their drum-beating and flag-waving . The principles that the book celebrates are real and important . But one attitude displayed prominently in is the conceit of falling into the trap of thinking we are the only democratic or free nation in the world . Other very successful democracies also uphold and illustrate important values and democratic and egalitarian ideals.Read books like this , but read them with an open and enquiring mind , and try not to be isolationist -LRB- or elitist -RRB- when you celebrate our American conceptions of democracy - otherwise you are in danger of betraying those very values !
 The original American experiment with democracy was a brave and intrepid one , with amazing results . The spirit of the pioneering Moms and Dads and later waves of immigrants and the pragmatic values they contributed have built a great nation over the past several hundred years . Cataloguing these values is an important project.Sadly this book disappoints . It is overly biased and provides an uncrtical and overly romanticised version of America that is insular , proud and superior - and that is not a very American or democratic message at all !! I do not recommend this book to people trying to get in touch with their individual American spirit .
 Boring , trite , rushed . These talking heads just seem to churn out books for the payday , but there 's no substance behind it . This book was awful . It was so bad I actually got angry . I feel ripped-off .
 Though I know who Chris Matthews is and I 've watched a few clips of HARDBALL , I 've never actually watched HARBALL or THE CHRIS MATTHEWS SHOW on tv . From what I 've gathered from some political junkies I know , Chris Matthew 's shows have gone downhill in recent years . I guess his shows use to at least appear to be more in the center , but in the past few years have seemed to have skewered to the left.None of that really matters when reading AMERICAN
 What could I expect from the host of a cable tv show who spends the bulk of his time shouting over his guests rather than engaging in any kind of meaningful dialogue . There 's little of interest here
 Matthews ' book is for people who know absolutely NOTHING about American history . ... I consider this book a total waste of money !! He pulls books , movies , some extremely biased and simplified American `` history '' , and certain American `` heroes '' from his own past and presents them as having been the KEY factors in forming what we consider to be the `` American psyche '' . What amazed me is all that he left out -- the many historical events that truly shaped America . If Matthews has any in-depth knowledge of American history , he failed to reveal it here . Further , his simplification of the forming of the `` American psyche '' is laughable.Although 200 + pages in length , the book is an easy one-sitting read -- I read it all last night . Why ? The pages are small in size and the print is large and widely spaced . It could have fit into a 50 page book of normal size and print.In short , do n't waste your money .
 Did Chris M. need money for purchase of Christmas presents ???? One would expect Chrisy to posess a more meaningful depth of knowledge regarding American historical notions.Recommended reading for Chrisy is `` A THREAD ACROSS THE OCEAN '' from which he may gain a `` notion '' about American notions .
 I enjoyed hearing Matthews on the G. Gordon Liddy show discuss this book so much that I bought it . Well , I read Stephen Ambrose 's final book just before this one and found Matthews ' somewhat lacking . The two books are essentially the same in their goals , short essays on important highlights in American History . Some of the same topics are covered in both books . Ambrose just did a MUCH BETTER job . Ambrose was a skilled writer and Historian by trade , Matthews is a gifted gabber . So my suggestion is to listen to Matthews on Audio , but buy Ambrose 's `` To America
 As everyone reading this probably knows , Chris Matthews is the host of MSNBC 's prime time political talk show Hardball . Matthews represents the moderate left within the spectrum of the corporate media 's permissible opinion , and is known by Beltway buffs to be a tough yet fair interviewer . Recently , Matthews has been among the most vocal skeptics within the cable news universe of the impending war on Iraq . I was therefore disappointed by Matthews new book , `` American
 Do n't blame Chris Matthews for this tripe . He has to make a living somehow , and it 's become the standard m.o. for manic political cranks on television to churn out these hastily written tomes about `` grand American themes . '' These books have become a genre unto themselves , featuring , invariably , a big glossy photograph of the `` handsome tv host '' along with the words `` liberty , '' `` freedom , '' and `` America '' in combinations limited only by the imagination of Fox News . If one criticizes such `` works , '' you are , by definition , a `` blame America first elitist . '' So do n't even start.I do n't criticize them myself because they are beyond criticism . It would be like critiquing the picture menu on a fast food establishment 's cash register . It works , does n't it ? The pictures are easy to identity . The familiarity is comforting . What could be wrong ?
 This book is alot like light beer . It satisfies somewhat , but after consuming it , you wonder why . I like Chris Matthews , because I think he tries to be fair to both sides on his TV show . I read to learn new things , and regretfully I learned little from this book . This book tries to tie in history , famous figures , and movies . Well , I suppose there is something to this , but history is history and not stories in movies . The other tenet in this book is the characteristics of Americans that make them different from the rest of the world . Again a long stretch . People are people , and Americans are no more unique than others in this world.I think highly of Chris Matthews and his first book Kennedy and Nixon . This just was n't a great book . There are more deserving books out there .
 Chris MATTHEWS ' latest `` book , '' once again , is small format , large type with wide margins , lots of blank pages , and pictures . 208 pages , 25 lines per page , 9 words to the line . He said on one of his snake-oil sales interviews that `` The word ` I ' NEVER APPEARS . '' It was a fantastic assertion coming from this ego-maniac -- and -- it 's a lie . The infernal `` I '' is there from the Prologue and Chapter 1 on . The whole thing is a re-hash of selected cliches in American Civilization 101 courses out there . And , sublimating his 3-years ' hit-job on Al GORE here , without the `` I '' , his slant on President GORE in the 2000 Campaign was that this was the time for a Common Man and `` there was n't one '' and that `` most people voted for him but they did n't want to hang out with him for four years . '' At least this weak product is n't on the best seller list -- yet .
 I usually do n't write reviews , and I am not much of a reader myself , but I am greatly disappointed in this book . First , the book has the style of a high school paper . The book has a lot of stories of individuals who kind fit the author 's thesis , but no big picture analysis of America . In the end this book says nothing.The only reason why this book is so popular is because it says everything we want to hear . It has the author 's main points of `` some basic-and sometimes contradictory-precepts , are pugnacious but anti-militaristic ; they admire gun-slinging loners and heroic men of action , but love the little guy and underdogs ; they are optimists with a manifest destiny and an eye for personal reinvention . '' The book describes some Americans who were optimists . But there are equally important Americans , like Alexander Hamilton , who are not optimists . The book also claims that America loves the underdog . Why are the Yankees so popular then ? Or that we are reluctant to go to war . Iraq , Spanish American War , War of 1812 ??? There are a lot of reasons why America is such a dominate power . In my opinion , the reasons why America has dominates is because we have a lot of natural resources , a lot of freedom that allows us to go from rags to riches , massive immigration , and a lot of luck . Rome lasted for over a millennium . America has barely lasted two centuries , and our dominance is more recent that that . I love this country ; let 's just keep things in prospective .
 I bought and read this book based on the rave reviews given to it on the Don Imus radio show . What a HUGE mistake!The book is , quite simply , `` history for dummies '' . If you know absolutely NOTHING about American history , then you might enjoy this book . Matthews simplifies everything and accepts at face value the myths and inaccuracies of American history usually taught to grammar school students . Quite simply , the book has no depth . -LRB- And I suspect that Matthews ' knowledge of American history has no depth either ! -RRB- As a Civil War `` buff '' of some 40 years -LRB- with a keen interest in America going back to colonial times -RRB- , perhaps I was expecting too much from Matthews . I did not expect a comprehensive history in so short a book , but I expected some substance -- but there was none . If I were Matthews , I would be ashamed to have my name associated with it.Save your money !! This book is garbage .
 Just because Bill O'Reilly wrote a successful book does n't mean you can do it too and make sense.I had to stop reading this half way through because I am so tired of hearing him plug his book on his show EACH day.Mr . Mathews thinks he is so in touch with `` American '' values and gets so carried away in his `` theories '' that he drifts off into a fantasy world of self righteous American pride and loses his reader.If I want to read about American history I 'll read David McCullough or Gore Vidal . Maybe even Pat Buchanan , but certainly not Chris Mathews . He should stick to his `` talking head '' shtick .
 Unbeknownst to Chris Matthews , it is possible to love America and yet criticize the horrendous contradictions that America represents . The greatest democracy held blacks in chattel slavery . The country that is `` slow to fight '' sure did n't demonstrate that when fighting Mexicans in the Mexican American War or even Vietnam . And someone needs to tell Chris that Hollywood is MAKE BELIEVE , I resent this book because it is intellectually dishonest . It is jingoistic , xenophobic , and cloaks itself in empty patriotism . And I think it was Mark Twain that said it best
 More boring drivel from the man with the lowest rated program on cable news -LRB- even lower than Donahue ! -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and read something worthwhile .
 Chris Matthews is beyond doubt the most annoying person on tv , and his writing style is identical to his huffy , overwrought tv style . This is a worthless book , written by someone who needs to be put out of his misery .
 If you are a homeschooler with a deep mistrust of your government , then this is the book for you . I make that statement as a homeschooling mother , myself . The basic premise of the book may have a small amount of credibility , -LRB- yes , Stalin murdered lots of people , too . -RRB- But to make outrageous claims like , `` The Jewish Holocaust gets the publicity because it is regarded as the justification for Jews to have a Jewish State -LRB- Israel -RRB- in the Mideast . '' -LRB- pg . 36 -RRB- , and , concerning Pearl Harbor , `` Few are willing to face the possibility that the President and his cronies planned it all . '' -LRB- pg . 162 -RRB- , really show the author 's bias.In short , if you are looking for a book with facts and the whys and wherefores of WWII -- this ai n't it ! Look somewhere else .
 The premise of this ridiculous book is that the U.S. should not have fought World War 2 because Stalin was worse than Hitler . Book might impress some grammer school children who have not studied much history , but will not be taken seriously by anyone that has any real knowledge of the subject or is not a neo-nazi crazy person .
 i was unaware that this was an instructors edition and was very upset when i received it . i was not searching for an instructors edition , and no where in the text did it state the book as that ...
 I did not care for the way this book presented the facts . Just a boring read . I must admit , I bought this book only because it was required for class . But even my professor was not 100 % satisfied with this book and this is what he specializes in .
 It was required text - wish I 'd found it used because I will never read it and wo n't recommend it . Maybe I can sell it at a yard sale to some unsuspecting soul . It 's dry and extremely intellectual -LRB- disclaimer
 Like many readers , I bought this book with high expectations based on the overwhelming claims it was so good . I hope to save others from my fate . Do n't believe the `` reviews '' here that call this book a masterpiece or a classic . This book is terrible ! Where are the honest reviews of this book?King 's writing is dreadful , at times it seems English is his second language . His reuses the same or similar phrases . He uses many unnecessary modifiers . He adds extraneous words for filler . The dialogue rings false almost in its entirety . To make matters worse , the story is derivative and cliche . This concept of a child discovering that he or she is a wizard has been done to death already.I know it 's a matter of taste , but nearly anything would be better than this .
 Some books are just bland , and `` Wizards of Skyhall '' is no exception . It 's not an above-average read . It 's not terrible , either . If it were , it 'd at least be worth the lessons learned about how not to write . But this is just boring -- not spectacular by any stretch of the imagination.First off , it does n't have a good story . It 's about a twelve-year-old kid who 's a reformed thief and is destined to save earth . -LRB- Yawn . -RRB- The storyworld offers nothing new or interesting . It tries to blend medieval material in an American setting . Imagine characters in a wizarding world saying `` You go , girl ! '' Plus , the first page dwells on escape from an orphanage and a minor crisis over a donut . No joke.The praise is n't justified . Compared to the others who read it , I did n't like it at all . The author claims that he was twelve at the time he published this , but in all my experience , I just do n't believe it . I 've watched the whole `` young author '' craze ever since Christopher Paolini entered the fold , and this does n't at all come across like a child author . It sounds like it was written by an adult with the personality of an adult . His authors ' notes , his prose , and his grammar are too precise to sound like the work of a kid.I 've read books written by kids ; even though they need work , I can tell they 're having fun and using their imagination . This does n't have any imagination or inspiration to it , and its lack of energy proves it . Most of the story drags on with paragraph after paragraph of description . Except for the part where I closed the book , there were n't any high points to hold my interest.Some of you might have looked at the `` From the Publisher '' headline and wondered the same thing I did
 Hello , The case of `` Robert Stanek '' has been very interesting as a avid fantasy reader . Stanek created +300 fake accounts on amazon which he used to promote his own books on forums , write fake reviews , and for some reason posting lot 's of 1-star reviews on authors books including Patric Rothfus . While doing a case study about theese fake accounts and listing them up I found something funny , all the 5-star reviews on this book was actually done by Robert Staneks fake muppet army . So be warned about buying this product !
 This was obviously written by a very precocious 12 year old , but a 12 year old just the same . Amazing for her age , but the lack of a plot and the immaturity of the writing is obvious . I would recommend buying books by Angie Sage , Jonathan Stroud , Brandon Mull , Jennifer Allison , Elizabeth Haydon , Diana Wynne Jones and so many others writing in this genre instead .
 This is a rip off forf the price of $ 15.00 . It is only 144 pages long with very large type and margins . So really it is maybe 70 pages if it were a real book.Other things I do n't like : VERY BAD cover art - my classmates picked on me about it when they saw me reading it at schoolnot much of a plot - just a lot of pointless battlesthe characters are not too original - you could tell this was written by a 12 year oldfor a good book about a child wizard -LRB- besides Harry Potter -RRB- is the Wizard of Earthsea by Le Guin .
 I am amused at how many of the reviews for this book marked as `` A Kid 's Review '' use large , multi-syllable words that 9-12 year-olds do n't even know the meaning of much less how to spell or use correctly , not to mention all the perfect grammar . Those are dead giveaways of faked reviews to increase the book 's appeal.This book may be a cute story for King 's mom and dad to show off to family and friends , but it never should have reached publication or mass-production . As a librarian and former America Reads reading tutor , I would never willingly recommend this book to any child of any age no matter how much they love fantasy . It is boring , poorly written , entirely too simplistic even for the intended age , repetitive , and just plain bad.If your 9-12 year old likes sci-fi/fantasy , give them Brian Jacques , Suzanne Collins -LRB- Gregor the Overlander series , NOT Hunger Games -- it 's a whole lot older ! -RRB- , Chris D'Lacy , Lemony Snicket , Patricia Wrede , Margaret Peterson Haddix , Bruce Coville , even JK Rowling if you must , but do not waste your money on this piece of drivel !
 I have been extremely disappointed with this . I could not find anything in there that would be interesting . I could not find items that I was interested in explaining to my 9-year old grandson , and he was not interested by the book at all . So the material I saw was factual , but largely irrelevant and uninteresting .
 This book was given to me as a gift when I was young . I have really had an interest for the way things work , why they work , how they work etc. . . This book has it all , however , the reason I gave this product 2 stars is because the book contains heavy references to evolution and evolution theories . Educating readers of what evolution is , what the center focus of belief is based on , and why some scientists believe it is one thing . It 's different when you base answers to legitimate questions on evolution . Lots of neat and interesting facts mixed in with a lot of hypothesis and evolution theory . I would recommend finding a different Q & A book.Christian Fobian , Author of Why Christ ?
 Venison , rack of lamb , Squab Dijionnaise , Milanese Cornmeal Cakes with Herbs and Bacon , Lord Baltimore 's Crabmeatn in Ramekins ... not the type of items that I think of when I want to grill . Would have been helpful if the book was referred to as `` gourmet '' faire . Do n't believe I will ever use this brand new book .
 I was hoping to find more about `` how to grill '' in this book . Instead , this book is pretty much a collection of recipes , with a lot of them requiring exotic components you will have to make an extra stop in a specialty store.If you do n't know how to use Google , this book may prove to be useful for you . Otherwise , do n't waste your money on this .
 I hate to disagree with the glowing reviews for this book but since I relied on the other reviews I had read to buy this book , I thought maybe a differing view would be useful . I am a seasoned cook and can say that this is one of the most poorly written cookbooks I have ever cooked from . I have made 3 recipes thus far . All have had major proportion issues and have lacked flavor . Even corrections I made as I went based on previous experiences could not save these recipes . If you like food that is basic in flavor -LRB- kinda like standard cafeteria fare -RRB- then you will probably like this book . If you like flavor in your food , then I suggest not buying this one .
 This is a lovely , cheerfully written cookbook , and only one recipe I have prepared from it has been any good . The rest are boring and flavorless . I love casseroles , but I 've finally given up on this book.Update 11/12/2007
 To me , the whole point of a casserole is `` quick and easy , '' so I want recipes where I just dump things into the casserole dish and put them in the oven . But , like many other casserole and `` hot dish '' cookbooks , most of the recipes in this book require you to do a tremendous amount of cooking and prep before you put the stuff in the casserole dish -- and , since the ingredients are already cooked , why do they need an hour of baking time ? Answer
 James Villas has comprised a casserole cookbook that highlights the major one dish meals that represent the major food regions of the United States . This is a book of about 275 recipes . Chapters include
 really boring , in between steps here . . the art work is okay , no where near as detailed as sadowski . DC seems to give up on its titles after a while , ala JLA . JSA is headed in that direction .
 I am a fan of JSA but this book was an 80 % disappointment ... We learn that Thunderbolt has a son who is married to ` peachy pet ' that cartoon character from the 40 's Johnny Thunder ... When in the heck did that happen.Shazam sends Captain Marvel off to find the Spectre . . We only see him in three more panels fighting Superman and Batman . . Where ? How ? Why ? and we never do see The Spectre . . Air Wave and the Green Lanterns go off on some wild escapade and suddenly disappear ... There is a great story about Stargirl coming to terms with her family which is why it gets two stars instead of just one ... A Bummer ...
 do not buy this book unless you are looking for an old relative that passed thru this area
 I found this book to be one of the poorer encounters of the Risorgimento . It certainly did n't grab my attention . She provides a lot of detail . . perhaps too much but fails to draw the attention of the audience . I would suggest another book on the Risorgimento over Riall 's account such as Derek Beales .
 I tried to read all of Colonel Beaty 's book but found the contents burdensome although adequately descriptive.Much of it is buried in an era -LRB- 1945-1950 's -RRB- when concerns about Communism were in their heyday.The author : * Exposed Khazar Soviet influence * Was Pro Semitic -LRB- Pro Arabic -RRB- * Exposed some Invisible Government * Gave a slightly sane `` Right Wing Extremist '' view * Revealed major media problems in the USA * Proved that some fine folks in Texas were Pro Arabic * Exposed some powerful selfish interest politics * Was diametrically opposed to New York City politics * Offered adequate accurate citationsHowever , its use of `` native '' or American refers to immigrants rather than real Americans -LRB- `` Indians '' -RRB- , although it correctly uses the adjective `` Semitic '' to describe Arabic and genuine Middle Eastern people , rather than central Asians west Asians.Completely crazy propositions by Beaty to establish a large entanglement of Pentagon military bases in Western Europe and the Middle East was probably part of an attempt to completely control Arabian oil rather than setting up despotic tyranical puppet regimes as has been the case for the past century.If You are looking for a book that will quench your thirst for knowing about activities `` behind the scenes '' in many socialist-affected societies , from a military intelligence perspective , then this book can be revealing.If You are interested in discovering and testing different perspectives , from an `` extreme '' side of politics , and are very interested in actual history and US politics from 1000 A.D. to the late 1940 's and early 1950 's , then this book is also revealing.However , if You are looking for a truly delightful rewarding book with a positive outlook and effective solutions , that could help discipline and limit the Military Industrial Complex of the New World Order then look elsewhere.The author was too much a hawk for a dove like me .
 This notorious book is a thinly-veiled antisemitic attack on Jews claiming they are behind a vast conspiracy to undermine the United States and deliver it to the communist Soviet Union . It has clearly attracted rave reviews from Holocaust deniers and other Jew-bashing conspiracy theorists .
 This book is a complete waste of money . I 'd give it a negative number of stars if I could . What 's so bad about it then ? It is simply a beginners guide to aquarium keeping -LRB- and not a very good one at that -RRB- with a few mentions of discus thrown in to make it sound as if it is a discus book.The photographs are OK as far as photography goes , but most of the fish pictured are poor specimens including the malformed discus pictured on the cover . Many of the photos are re-used in different parts of the book , occasionally in reverse as if there was an attempt to disguise the fact that the pictures were being re-used . The captions have nothing to do with the photos . There is a picture of a fish with holes in it 's head and another of a fish with early stages of fin rot , but neither of these pictures are used in the section on diseases and the captions do not point out these defects . There is no identification of the strains being pictured and virtually no photos of wild specimens to help in identifying the 2 species and 5 subspecies that are briefly described in the text.There is a section on the history of the discus , but important names such as Jack Wattley , Carrol Friswold , and Gene Wolfsheimer are conspicuous by their absence.A lot of the information is redundant and contradictory . For example on page 39 we find `` One way to estimate which size heater your aquarium will need is to allow 5 watts per gallon . For example , a 55-gallon aquarium would need a heater that is at least 275 watts '' . Meanwhile , on page 54 we read `` A heater should supply 2 watts per gallon . So , a 55-gallon aquarium would need at least a 110-watt heater '' . Now which do think the authors would have you use ? Of course they also do n't mention that nobody actually manufactures heaters of those wattages -LRB- they can readily be found in 25 , 50 , 75 , 100 , 125 , 150 , 200 , 250 and 300 watts -RRB- . On the whole , this is one of those books that seems to regurgitate a bunch of stuff that has become `` standard knowledge '' in the aquarium hobby , without really knowing why these things have become so -LRB- or the science behind it -RRB- . On page 80 in a side box on bare tank set-ups , we are admonished that these are `` less cozy for your fish '' , whatever that is supposed to mean . I doubt that `` coziness '' is anything we can measure or the fish can give us feedback on in the same way that they behave if their water is too warm.On page 47 there is an extremely poor and misleading diagram of the nitrogen cyle . It implies that the major source of ammonia in the aquarium is the fungal and bacterial decomposition of fish `` wastes '' -LRB- feces ? -RRB- . The major source of ammonia is
 I bought this book thinking I will get more knowledge about Discus keeping . But after going through the book I changed my opinion and think buying this book was absolute waste of money and time . Information given in the book is too general for any aquarium fish and not for Discus fish in particular . Not worth spending you precious money and time .
 This book is , as it implies for the beginning discus keeper . I will go as far as to say that this book is n't only for beginning discus keepers , but for stark new aquarium keepers of any fish . There are only a few chapters that are related directly to discus fish , and of these most of the information is VERY general insomuch that it only relates to GENERAL fishkeeping . If you are NEW to the hobby I would recommend this book , but if you are experianced at all find another , more in depth study of the discus : -RRB-
 First of all I was expecting a case to case study with answers given professionally on every case presented . But the answers are to be provided by the reader ... . That was a big bummer ! Secondly the book had -LRB- and still has despite everything I did against it -RRB- , a very strong old tobacco smell which is the most unpleasant when you are repulsed by cigarette smoke . So that makes me a disappointed customer .
 This book is a 1974 edition with a older style cover . I was expecting a newer style cover picture , it is in good condition . However I was expecting a more up to date cover .
 Personally , I did not find this book helpful or uplifitng - the content is too `` fluffy '' during a time when difficult decisons are being made . Might be a better read down the line after the divorce is final and you are moving on . Maybe it 's the book for you if you are a big Debbie Ford fan . Books can be trial and error - this was an error for me .
 This is a book that adopts elements of spiritual transformation that are proven successful . It misses the mark completely by implying that divorce `` happens '' rather than being the result of the shortcomings of one , or both , partners , and forgoes an investigation of what these shortcomings could be , and how to heal them . Yet , it is right in expressing the force that a traumatic event like divorce can have on an individual , normally the one being `` dumped '' , to promote personal transformation . If the divorce is the result of a consensual split , the couple will likely learn little . Likewise , the `` dumper 's '' learning from the experience tends to be precious little too , so much so that statistically the same errors are then replayed in other relationships.Outside of chemical abuse , physical abuse , severe mental illness , marriages are as a rule repairable , through the commitment to be compassionate , understanding , forgiving and appreciative of the other . It is the childish self-centeredness of many of us that destroys marriages , the unwillingness to be loyal and forgiving , and the lack of desire to give to the partner what one desires to receive . We are all keen to demand what we want , but stingy in behaving the way we would want our partner to behave with us.This book is in many ways naive . A useless exercise that skips the meat of relationships , including the need to identify what led us to select the partner we married , and how this points to what needs to be healed in ourselves.I do NOT recommend this book . Focus instead on `` Real Love in Marriage '' by Dr. Baer , and `` Is it love , or is it addiction '' by Brenda Schaeffer , to understand the how and why relationships break down , and , most importantly the lessons to be learned . Being in sintony with one 's values , that is DOING -LRB- acting -RRB- in such a way that life follows the course of you deepest values is a most difficult exercise , that however , will bring true freedom . Most cases of divorce hinge on one , or both , partners succumbing to the shadow -LRB- in a Jung-ian sense -RRB- , and being at its mercy , rather than refocusing and acting in harmony with what your deepest beliefs are , as well as exposing and understanding our dark side .
 I bought this for my daughter-in-law to help her find God 's purpose in her life as she goes through this difficult time . What this book does is teach New Age theology and is not Biblical , and the author names her &#34; god &#34; Universe . I returned the book .
 If you like gushy mushy gab about relationships , love , and forgiveness , all told in parables and ancedotes , you 'll love this book . The slant is from the issue of divorce but it is like thousands of other self-help books out there . If you want practical , analytical help do n't buy this book .
 I love to read , and I read very well , but this book is difficult to follow . It is wordy , contains one analogy after another and quotes from various people , all of which confuse the point the author was trying to make . I started reading it thoroughly , then began skimming , then reading the first sentence or two of paragraphs that were n't describing the author 's divorce , then I finally quit , and threw it away . I hate to throw away a book , but this one is blather .
 If you 've already got a pretty good handle on your divorce or separation , skip this book . I was expecting to discuss how to use my divorce as a springboard for an authentic , self - actualized life ; instead I got lessons in how to put myself in my spouse 's shoes , and other words of advice useful in salvaging what 's left of the relationship with my spouse . I 've done that work , I 've agononized over this decision and see my present/future relationship with my spouse as business I have to attend to , in a professional way , as we raise our son . I 'm past my spouse , and wish him nothing but the best as we continue to co-parent our son . Divorce will be the catalyst for my extraordinary life , but it will be a life I forge without the help of this book .
 This book was filled with an unbelievable number of mistakes . On every test , it always gives wrong line numbers and misspells many , many , many words . Often -LRB- a few times a page -RRB- it forgets to leave spaces between words . There are no tables to convert your sample tests into SAT scores . And to top it off , the answer guide is often wrong . This was the worst $ 10 that I have ever spent . Save yourself money , do n't buy this horrible book !
 The Sparknotes webpage is an excellent resource , so I figured their book on the SAT would be just as good . Nope . As it turns out , they know nothing about the SATs . I 've taken a few practice SATs and know the feel for the real test , and Sparknotes does not prepare you.Its fill-in-the-blanks are incredibly hard , and not just in a challenging way . The real SAT will never have any questions like they do . If you crave hard questions that are like those on the test , get the Kaplan book SAT 1600 . Also , in the Reading Comprehension section , the questions are ridiculously easy , which is not how the real SAT works . And then , there are numerous spelling errors , and literally a hundred words with no spaces . -LRB- e.g. , howdo -RRB- To top it all off , when referring to passages , it always gives the wrong line number . This completely ruins your test-taking experience , because you are forced to find the word or words yourself.Don ' t buy this book .
 This book goes way overboard in the networking areas and scrimps on areas such as firewall topologies , intellectual property and standard types of hacks . A lot of the information about servers and networking goes way over your head unless you already know about the topic , and about half the info on networking is just touched on superficially on the exam . If you use this book to study , you 're going to spend way too much time on networking and you wo n't know about a third of the other things -- HTML and JavaScript coding , for example -- that you need to know for the exam .
 I just took the exam today and I know first hand this book does n't have a clue about what they are talking about . If you use this book you will fail the exam . I am almost tempted to write these people for my money back . It is a terrible book .
 Book seemed to have many errors . Many times I had to go to the W3 to check to make sure I was not taught wrong . Thumbs down on this book .
 This book gets some basic , high-level Internet information correct , but there are many errors . While a network engineer may scoff at the networking chapters , it does seem to cover the topics required for the exam . From a programmer 's perspective , the HTML and programming chapters are poorly done . According to the author 's bio , this is a book written by a person with networking experience , but very little programming experience , and it shows.This book is useful as a review of information you have learned elsewhere if you approach it with the goal of finding all of the errors . Typos are one thing , factual errors are unacceptable.The rating is two stars due to the networking content . Otherwise , it would be one star .
 This book gives detailed descriptions of topics where only a general knowledge is required for the test , whereas other important topics -LRB- like e-commerce , copyright and trademarks , firewall topology and the hacker process to name a few -RRB- are left out completely . The book also has too many errors and typos.Unfortunately it is the only Foundations book out there at the moment . If you decide to buy it , be prepared to do a lot of research on the net to find the info missing in this book .
 As a Ceritifed CIW instructor , I 'm sometimes asked by students as to which books are suitable to augment the already comprehensive official curriculum . I 've looked at the ones currently out there , and this book unfortunately , does not meet many of the mapped objectives . For example , the over emphasis of Networking seems to be about an introduction course the the Cisco CCNA rather than the book trying to give an overview of the CIW objectives . Subsequently , because of the undue weightage , the other objectives suffer , and notably , the HTML section which is briefly skimmed through.While this book might give some additional info for those who have an added interest in networking , nevertheless , I feel that there are other books out there that give much more networking info and cost the same .
 I have read several historical books in the past year . My dissappointment in this book stems from the fact that it spent too much time in the early going describing General Rogers ' physique and general superhero status . I quickly lost interest in the subject . Still , I am interested enough in the subject and the historical time period that I may seek out other relevant books . My first reading experience with a James Alexander Thom book was , unfortunately , not a good one .
 What a complete waste of talent and a total bore . Ford is a very talented and gifted writer . I thoroughly enjoyed his `` Looking for It . '' I was hoping for more of the same.Instead , this is a compilation of thirty `` erotic '' or `` porn '' stories . I do n't need , much less `` enjoy , '' this kind of graphic fantasy . After all , there 's only so much any author can do with the same graphic details of gay sex before it all blurs into the usual `` oh . '' After the third instalment , I tossed the book.If you want extremely graphic gay porn in narrative , this `` trash '' or `` tintilation '' might appeal to you . Ford is an extremely able writer . But even his spin on thirty gay fantasies was n't going anywhere with me -- fast .
 I thought I was liking this book , but the more I read , I just was n't sure . The reviewer who said the ending was `` pathetic '' was correct . For my taste - far too many words to say little .
 I had almost given up hope of ever writing my first novel . Every book I read seemed to drill home the message that everyone else had something better to say and a more imaginative and interesting way of saying it . This book changed my mind . Never have I seen in print such a facile , obvious and clumsy attempt at storytelling . The characters are one-dimensional , and we can have no empathy whatsoever with the edge of their personalities that we are shown . The faux-drama in the book is worthy of any lovesick schoolgirl , and the use of language has the curious ability to annoy while remaining insipid , odourless and tasteless . And the dialogue - somehow every word in this book is spoken with the gravitas normally reserved for pronouncements of death . All that aside , this is a truly inspiring book . I mean if this is the kind of dross that 's getting published nowadays it 's time for me to dig out all those essays I wrote when I was 15 and had my heart broken by Audrey Toner and find myself a literary agent . Avoid this book .
 I am sorry to say this after reading some of the glowing reviews from other readers , but I felt this book took itself way too seriously . The author felt the need to over analyze every situation and turn every sentence into a imagery - filled masterpiece . All the author ended up doing was writing a boring book that I forced myself to finish . When done , I asked myself , `` Why did I waste my time ? ''
 Niall Williams admits in the interview he tried to make every sentence perfect in an attempt to get this book published . As I writer myself , I know that you can try too hard and rewrite too many times . Williams ' writing and sentence structure taken in small doses are dazzling but grouped too closely together , the shine is lost . The plot and characters are also veiled by the flowery , gem-like sentences one after another . As for the ending , it lacked a strong finish to satisfy the imagination .
 Do n't waste your time reading this book . It was very predictable . It just seemed to drag on and on . It seems like Kat Martin took ideas from other books and put them into this one . It gets boring to read the same old stuff written over and over again .
 Kat Martin has written some very good books . This book is not one of them . It has neither well-developed characters -LRB- to call them one-note would be giving them more resonance than they have -RRB- nor a credible plot . Good cookbooks have more genuine passion . I hope she was producing -LRB- not writing -RRB- this disappointment while on autopilot thinking about a forthcoming novel worty of her skills .
 I am a total Kat Martin fan . I absolutley love her , but the problem with this book , is that it goes no where ! I can barely turn the pages without falling asleep . Her best book , by far , was Devil 's Prize . It was packed with drama , some mystery , and suspense ! This book was just too boring for my taste !
 I read Hot Rain , Martin 's contemporary romance , so I was n't expecting much in the way of plot . However , the characters in Hot Rain did maintain great chemistry , which unfortunately was not the case for The Fire Inside . The hero and heroine begin with a sizzle , even though their verbal battles were n't near as fascinating to me as other reviewers seemed to find them -LRB- The heroine says `` You 're incorrigable ! '' several times throughout the book -RRB- . The chemistry dies off about halfway through the book , and to make it worse , the heroine is a complete -LSB- ... -RSB- . I had to throw the book down when Kitt came breezing back to London expecting Clay to simply forgive and forget the fact she had left for months on end without an explanation . I ca n't tell you how the book ended -LRB- I could n't bear to finish it -RRB- , but I can probably guess . If you 're in the mood for a coookie-cutter romance , go ahead , but I felt compelled to warn everyone ...
 This is a good book for those who are in school or trying to gain entrance into the employment arena . However , I was looking to write a personal thank you note to friends or meeting new persons . This book never mentions this type subject except from a business approach . The book is on my self in case a need arises .
 Much as I love Erikson 's novels , this first novella was a bit of a disappointment . Bauchelain , Korbal Broach and Emancipor Reese were fun characters in Memories of Ice , and it 's good to learn a bit more about them . But the story is weak - it might have been good as an element in a full-size novel , but is n't strong enough to stand on it 's own.Hopefully Erikson will get things right in the next novella . Not to mention , hurry up with the next novel .
 Steven Erikson 's epic series _ Malazan Book of the Fallen _ features perhaps the most detailed epic fantasy setting ever put to paper . With the popularity this saga , Night Shade Books has reissued two Erikson novellas set in the same sprawling world , featuring two characters from the third Malazan book , _ Memories of Ice _
 Penny Birch , < strong > Tight White Cotton < / strong > -LRB- Nexus , 2000 -RRB- It 's amazing what you can find at your library 's website sometimes ... I 'd just gotten my library card for Cleveland Public Library out of hock -LRB- I had a lost DVD fine dating back to 2007 I 'd never got round to paying because I used the county 's library system instead -RRB- and was cruising around their ebook lending site , plugging in random titles from my Amazon wishlist as guinea pigs to test the link between the library , Adobe Digital Editions , and Kobo . And what was the first book that actually got a hit ? Nexus spanking porn ! Purely in the interests of testing the tech , of course , I borrowed it , downloaded it , got it synced to the ereader , and went to town . I wish I could say the first part of that sentence was meant sarcastically , but spanking porn has never really been my gig . Worse off , the book 's written in memoir format , and I loathe memoirs . Still , `` Ms. Birch '' does at least manage to attach a bit of humor to her subject , if often at the cost of such trivialities as continuity.The book centers around the perverse pleasures of one Percy Ottershaw , whom we first meet in British public school -LRB- where floggings are , of course , the in thing , or at least in every novel I 've ever read about British public school -RRB- and then follow at various points along his life as a wine merchant with a penchant for the spanking , caning , and otherwise reddening of the backsides of nubile young things . Yes , that 's the entire plot . One bit of interest
 I did n't find much useful information in this book . It explained the obvious -LRB- do n't weld in a hayloft - it might catch fire , etc. -RRB- but offered little meat on techniques.The author was apparently quite taken with a young lady welder - she appears frequently in the photos !
 This CD collection is difficult to use . Book chapters are not identified on the lable or in individual CDs it is broken in to 30 second sound bites , which makes it easy to pause for a moment but difficult to find the begining of a chapter since the chapter may begin at 20 seconds in to the sound bite . Want to listen on your ipod good luck with hundreds of unnamed tracks . My students and I gave up and went back to the old audio tapes where we could find the chapter we wanted to listen to with out jugling 16 unlabled CDs
 This is a horrible Kindle edition . Buyer beware . Many , many errors in the text , missing parts of sentences and then those missing parts showing up randomly in other locations of the text . I will attempt to get my money back on this.EDIT
 For anyone who is picking this book up in the interest of learning about lives and conflict during the times of slavery , you 'd be better advised to read `` Roots '' if you have n't already done so , or perhaps some historical non-fiction . That said , it 's a moving story and grips the reader with its pain and anguish . But it 's also rather poorly written , and were it not for its subject and the time period it came out in , no one would dare call this a `` classic . '' The author 's tone and perspective is muddled and the `` Christian '' themes she promotes in her characters seem rather ludicrous to me . `` Good '' slaveholders are warped into demigods filled with `` virtue '' and `` refinement , '' and it 's easy to see why the title character has become such a source of resentment for many people . But , on the other hand , it is what it is and has influenced a great deal of readers and our society in general , and that alone makes it a necessary read . But it ca n't compare to something like Alex Haley 's novel , because she simply is n't on the same par as a writer .
 I do respect and embrace the historical significance and effect of this novel in it 's place and time . I applaud the author 's goal , courage and tenacity . I loved the main character , Tom.That said , the writing style is not for me . I 'm too spoiled by modern authors ' constraints of being direct and succinct.I understand that in the culture of the time , a female author would find it necessary to obviate , to beat around the bush in making her -LRB- socially activist -RRB- point in order to comply with expectations of politeness and humility , to include occasional flattery of the opposition to make the novel more palatable to a wider audience and thus further her underlying goal . Unfortunately , these elements also make it very hard for `` modern-me '' to endure the book.All-in-all , a profitable read for the historical relevance .
 Uncle Tom 's Cabin is an OK book . There are several reasons why I did or did not like this book . First of all , I liked it because it showed details of what a real slave life was like . It had an interesting plot too . On the other hand , it was disturbing to read some people 's views about slavery . Also , there was some hard vocabulary in this novel , making it hard to read . Another reason why it was hard to read is because it was written over one hundred years ago . The dialect is confusing and takes a while to process . The end of Uncle Tom 's Cabin is very surprising . I wo n't spoil it for anyone , but I did n't like the ending of the book . You would never expect it . This book , in my opinion , is very sad and disturbing , but it teaches me how lucky I am to be living in this time period . If I was asked to read this book again , I probably would n't . Even though it is one of the more interesting history books I have ever read , it is depressing , and I hate depression . If you 're looking for an interesting history novel , read Uncle Tom 's Cabin . But , if you are looking for a book to read for fun or pleasure , I would not suggest this novel .
 I decided to start reading classic books ... so sad I picked this as my 1st . This book is so slow & difficult to read with all the slang . I was raised in the south & still do n't understand half of what is trying to be said . I will try to finish & understand what the great appeal of this book is , but can not recommend it .
 My one-star rating applies only to the Penguin edition of Uncle Tom 's Cabin . The Penguin edition , edited by Ann Douglas , has a high rate of transcription error . So it is not suitable for serious study.I listed a selection -LRB- over 100 -RRB- of the transcription errors in the Penguin edition for a presentation at the 2007 American Literature Association conference . For example , the Penguin edition on page 619 -LRB- in the 4 copies that I 've examined -RRB- has the following line : `` If the laws of New England were so arranged that a master could -LSB- it -RSB- now and then -LSB- / it -RSB- torture an apprentice to death , would it be received with equal composure ? `` In the 1852 Jewett edition -LRB- the first printing in book form -RRB- , the sentence included an additional clause : `` If the laws of New England were so arranged that a master could -LSB- it -RSB- now and then -LSB- / it -RSB- torture an apprentice to death , without a possibility of being brought to justice , would it be received with equal composure ? `` This error -- the omission of `` without a possibility of being brought to justice '' -- diminishes a key theme in Stowe 's work . I encourage scholars , teachers , and students to purchase Ammons 's or Sklar 's editions of UTC . Among editions that I 've examined , those editions have more reliable texts . I have not examined the new Bedford edition -LRB- Railton -RRB- or the new Norton edition -LRB- Gates and Robbins -RRB- . If you choose to buy some other edition , perhaps your choice will encourage Penguin to publish a corrected edition . This edition was ranked 41,945 at Amazon when I wrote this review in July of 2007 .
 The book was okay . I was just disappointed that I received a different addition that the one the is in the picture description of the book . I needed the other edition for class but my teacher worked with me . I just wish they said which edition they were selling .
 I had to read this book for school . It is sooooooooooooooooooo long , I thought we would never get through it ! It also is hard to understand . But it had a good plot .
 Slavery was ugly . We need to know that . But not the way Stowe writes , I felt like I could n't bear another page . Unbelievably flat characters in an unbelievably flat setting . Stowe wrote sophomorically about a place she had never been , and instead of creating a good book about the horrors and issues of slavery , she wrote characters who were exaggerated caricatures , from Eliza to Uncle Tom to Simon Legree . Little Eva ? Please . I did n't shed a tear . Maybe it worked as propaganda then but I 've read much better since .
 I finally gave up on Uncle Tom 's Cabin . Dialogue written in vernacular drove me nuts .
 The copy I received of the Norton Critical Edition was missing pages 111-142 . Instead , pages 79-110 were repeated . I contacted Amazon but they said it was too late to get my money back . My advice is to count all the pages in all books your order from Amazon , and do n't buy the Norton Critical Edition of Uncle Tom 's cabin . Buy the book from another publisher instead .
 I do n't like this book at all it 's very boring and there 's not much entertainment in the book to keep me wanting to read it more .
 Had to read it for a class called American Women Writers . There is a lot of sentimentality in this book , which was effective for Stowe 's anti-slavery agenda of the time . However , as an English major , I do n't particularly enjoy sentimentality ... I do think this is an important book that needs to be read , but that does n't mean I enjoyed it .
 Sorry , I know this is a classic , but the writing , grammar , spelling , typos , etc forced me to do something I rarely ever do-I stopped after chapter two and did not finish this book . Sadly disappointed .
 This Kindle edition is not accurately reproduced . Do n't waste money on it . In my edition at Loc 2416 appears `` I do n't know either about religion 's being up in the market , '' . It then continues with something completely out of context and including the character Ophelia St. Clare . The correct continuation appears at Loc 2447 , so that the rendering should have been , `` I do n't know either about religion 's being up in the market , just now . I have not looked in the papers . '' Between Loc 2416 and 2447 is a different part of the book.This kind of error is shameful . Amazon should refund the money paid for the book to every Kindle purchaser of it .
 The subject of this book is excellent.The format of this particular book -LRB- signet classics -RRB- is horrible . The print is SO SMALL that even with 2.0 reading glasses I had difficulty reading it and I have good vision.I can not recomment this format to anyone . . the print is just too small ... too bad for such a great book .
 Well , reading it all in one weekend may not have been the brightest move of my life . Still , this book was a hideous experience . Once you get past the first hundred and fifty pages the plot picks up enough to give the sheer boredom a minor respite , but the characters are about as flat as anything imaginable . Little Eva in particular I was ready to strangle , with hair or without , by the time she up and died . It 's historically interesting as a spark to abolitionism and to the beginning of the Civil War , but as a novel it 's dreadful . I would warn you not to read it , but you probably have already or will soon for a U.S. history class , in which case please accept my deepest condolences .
 not a kindle fan . downloaded because it was free . didnt redownload the app on my new phone and anyways , this was all messed up , pages not in order .
 The publisher of this pricey printing did not take care to check the pages of the text for successful copying . Some pages were so poorly copied they were illegible . Substandard quality control . I had to return the book .
 When I ordered this book I did n't realize it would be so hard to read . I had always heard about this book but never read it , I still have n't . It has too much slang and half words in it . For as well known as it is I do n't know how anybody read it . The story behind it is probably a very good story , but I could n't understand enough of it to read more than the first chapter then it was placed on the book shelf . And I now know why it looks new and was sold as used , the fist purchaser probably could n't read it either .
 Still reading it , but enjoying it and would recommend it to EVERY American to find time to read in their lifetime .
 This book is very , very , very bad ! I could not even believe it?Andrew is my name and I give this a D - !
 I thought I 'd step out of my comfort zone and read a classic . That was 2 months ago . I 'm still reading it . This is the hardest read ever . I barely make it 2 pages before I 'm sleeping . The slave dialect is hard to understand and the story jumps around . I hate to say it , but I 'm hating this book . Sorry .
 this book is horrible and the only reason you may need to read it is to realize how bad it is . the portrait of that black man being punished and blessing his masters is impossible to bear . and she sermonizes a lot . i know she was against slavery but her depiction of black people is simply unbearable . oh god
 1 . SLAVERY WAS N'T SO BAD AFTER ALL . I was surprised to find out that this book supported slavery . Of course , you have to wade through the melodrama and Christian speechifying -- about 95 % of the book -- to get at Ms Stowe 's thesis , but once you do it becomes clear . To Ms Stowe , slavery and capitalism are just different manifestations of evil human greed -LRB- St. Claire 's speech , pp 239-241 in my edition -RRB- . Old slavers who whipped their charges to death must be smiling now , knowing that they 're being compared to the Rockefellers , Carnegies , and Bill Gates.Ms Stowe deems many factors that separate capitalism and slavery to be irrelevant . The fact that under capitalism families were n't separated is irrelevant . The fact that people could emigrate freely is also irrelevant . The fact that people were not forced off their farms and into the cities is irrelevant . The fact that proletariat , even in Ms Stowe 's day , were protected by labor laws is irrelevant . The fact that life expectancy for the proletariat increased vis &agrave; vis farmers is irrelevant . The fact that the proletariat were not chosen for racist reasons is irrelevant . The fact that a worker could become an entrepreneur and eventually a capitalist is also irrelevant .2 . CHRISTIANITY DOES N'T CONDEMN SLAVERY . Ms Stowe does a fine job -LRB- inadvertently -RRB- of showing that Christianity contains doctrine that supports slavery , and no doctrine that outright condemns it .3 . AMERICA IS FOR AMERICAN INDIANS . Ms Stowe states at the end of chapter 43 that Topsy , after receiving a decent Christian upbringing , became a teacher in `` her own country '' -- Africa . Ms Stowe believes that Africa is Topsy 's country because she is descended from Africans , and conversely that the United States is not Topsy 's country . Of course , if one were to apply the same logic to everyone in the U.S. , only native Americans would pass the test . Pack your bags everyone !
 absolutely tedious , over-wrought -- morality tale one of those books they make you analyze to death in english class . not worth the money
 This has to be one of the most poorly written books I 've ever read . A lot of it was simply the author 's boring narrative and opinions . Parts of the book probably more or less correctly depicted the treatment of slaves during that era ; other than that , I ca n't think of one redeeming thing to say about this book , other than reading it is a good way to get to sleep if you have insomnia .
 I did n't really enjoy reading this book . The language was too archaic for me to read -LRB- and understand -RRB- it . Do n't read this book .
 This fictional story was claimed to be of divine inspiration and was used to justify the shedding of blood ... this is a prejudiced view against Southerners , who , Library of Congress Records show paid their servants better wages/profit sharing , and provided better housing than the average industrial New York worker of 1900 . Mrs. Stowe , and her husband , both shared a very high view of mankind , and a very low view of God . They claimed a higher moral authority than the US Constitution , and the Bible , in condemning slavery ... rather than the evils that attended slavery .
 Harriet Beecher Stowe was born in Connecticut in 1811 and four years later her mother died leaving hear older sister , Catherine , to raise her . Catherine founded a college in Hartford , where Stowe received her education , and later became a teacher at the school . Stowe married Calvin Stowe , a minister at her father 's seminary college , in Cincinnati , Ohio . Living there for eighteen years , Stowe was unconsciously gathering data and impressions about slavery . This information was the main influence for Uncle Tom 's Cabin . This book is historical fiction , based on Stowe 's real life experiences with slavery . `` The portrayal of slavery and its effects on families and on individuals is gut-wrenching - when Uncle Tom has to leave his family , and when Eliza may lose little Harry , one feels utterly desolate . '' . The way you feel when you finally realize , after straightening out all the details in your mind , that Uncle Tom has to leave his family and that Eliza may lose her son . This was the best part of the book , as you can see illustrated in two lines . Uncle Tom 's Cabin has been deemed unbearably boring by many of its readers including myself . '' ... absolutely tedious , over-wrought -- morality tale one of those books they make you analyze to death in English class . not worth the money . '' That is not to say that it is a bad book , or that the reason for writing it is unjust and that it does n't make any sense , I am just referring to the extensive detail used in creating , the sometimes , overly vivid scenes . The book could have been two-hundred pages long and still gotten it 's point across just as well , or maybe even better . I did n't like the book , it was too long and drawn out , personally I like a writer to just say what they mean and not try to make you think something when they refer to something else . This book had a lot of religious reference , but it was n't necessary for you to understand all of them because it was part of Uncle Tom 's character to be somewhat of a preacher . One review I read stated that from reading this book , the reviewer discovered that this book supported slavery . I did n't get this impression at all . What I saw was that many slave owners were actually very nice to their slaves . The only reason for slavery was cheap labor , many plantations could n't have survived without slavery , but for the slave owners to keep their slaves in line and from running away they had to develop a friendly relationship just as many managers do with their employees today . I saw this friendly relationship in almost all of the slave owners in the novel . You will see this specifically when Uncle Tom finds out he has to leave the Shelby plantation , he says he wants to be loyal to his `` Mas ` r '' . So this book is not supporting slavery , it is just saying that all the slave owners were n't bad . All in all Uncle Tom 's Cabin was not my favorite book and I would n't tell anyone to read it , but you may like it . It was too long and had too much detail much like a Charles Dickens novel except not quite as bad . The rating I would give this book on a scale of one to ten on the plot of the book is an eight maybe even as far as a nine . However , if I rated it on how well it kept my interest I would probably say a one or two , any Charles Dickens books being in the negative numbers . So in all finality , the book has its ups and downs , but it is still not as bad as a Charles Dickens novel .
 This book is an entire work of fiction by a person claiming it to be first hand experience . None of it acttually happend ans was written entirely to spread hate and anger . Do n't waste your time on this trash .
 This book , while well-intentioned , stands as yet another monument to cheap American liberalism , wherein a well meaning person makes a case for his/her -LRB- often inaccurate -RRB- personal idealisation of an oppressed people , without taking the time to really understand what is happening.The slaves in this book are angelic and good , yes , but they do nothing to impart in the reader a realistic understanding of what their plight really involved . The end result is almost embarassing.UCT 's heart is bigger than its brain , and that 's a dangerous thing for an intended instrument of social change . If you want the real story , read Fredrick Douglas ' autobiography.On another note , this book is so sugary it made my teeth itch . It should be read and reviled .
 I had trouble getting through this book . I do n't understand why people thought this book was so good .
 Language too difficult . On some occasions , the slaves spoke very good English in contrast to the uneducated owners . The author gave no explanation .
 Did n't care for it . Literature from another time that does not hold up . More of a moral pamphlet than literature . I had not read this before and was disappointed after giving it a chance .
 There is no doubt in anyone 's mind that Harriet Beecher Stowe 's novel has been unequaled in its vast political influence . However , it contains one major flaw . Although the book treats slavery with a simple and determined resolution , and reduces slavery to what it really was -LRB- EVIL -RRB- , the book ends with a happy and most improbable ending . Stowe might have been attempting to show that ultimately , good reigns over evil , but the message of the extreme urgency of the abolitionist movement is lost in the fairy tale ending .
 A picaresque , following ` Soapey ' Sponge - a sportsman but not quite a gentleman - as he foxhunts and fortune-hunts his way around England . He exploits -LRB- as Surtees satirises -RRB- the failings of those he encounters - Waffles -LRB- spendthrift -RRB- , Jawleyford -LRB- humbug -RRB- , Puffington -LRB- parvenu -RRB- , Jogglebury -LRB- foolish -RRB- , Scattercash -LRB- debauched -RRB- ... Only coarse Lord Scamperdale consistently detests him . People invite him to stay but struggle to evict him . His selfishness diminishes only on meeting & falling for lovely Lucy Glitters while hunting . Lacks sympathetic characters , silly names and voices abound and overlong given its lightness and looseness . Terrific foxhunting detail & a delightlful , surprising ending.Rating
 This illustrated book helps a child understand a parent 's depression . We need more books on this topic , especially when my favorite one , Please Do n't Cry Mom , is out of print . Why Are You So Sad gives straightforward information , but the plot and illustrations seem one dimensional . I did not find myself drawn in by the characters . I had a couple of children look at it . One said that it sounded `` accurate '' but they did not find it interesting.Children of a depressed parent need to hear this sort of information , so I will keep the book . A parent or counselor might be better off reading the book themselves , and making up their own story based on the factual material presented in the book . Sad Days , Glad Days does not have as much factual material but has better illustrations and conveys more warmth .
 What a ripoff ! First of all , of the 25 magazine titles featured , only 8 could be called `` macabre pulps '' in the generally accepted meaning of the term . -LRB- And if you count cover images rather than titles , the macabre pulp representation is even smaller . -RRB- And at most only five more titles could be considered pulps at all , even if you stretch the term to include some quasi-pulp publications . As to the rest , though most are fantasy or occult related , very few are in the `` macabre '' category , and none of them are pulps by any stretch ! These include
 I 'd have to agree with the first reviewer . this one is not worth your time . i had very high expecations as i love this genre of illustration and graphic design ... and there was hardly any content ! i 'm not even sure how they actually had enough pages to bind this book . the cover was the most exciting part . Look to some great titles like `` UNCOVERED
 I was n't to pleased with the book . I have read the book from cover to cover , numerous times and thought I knew all the info for the RRT exam . Well , I took the RRT exams and did n't pass either one . The majority of the highlighted material was n't even covered on the exam . Further more , what was on the tests were n't really covered in depth in this book . For the cd - it was good because it was based on what the computerized test was really like . I felt confident when I was ready to take my tests but not pleased with the results . I also found of few flaws , like mispelled words , missing words on the cd ??????? and very confusing ways to do the equations and ABG 's .
 When I purchased this book , I intended for it to supplement the knowledge that I gained during the three years attaining a bachelors in Respiratory Care ; instead , I spent much of my time thinking , `` that 's no correct '' and looking up `` correct '' information from the internet and other respiratory texts.This book is FULL of WRONG information , incorrectly answered practice questions , typos , pre/post chapter study questions that are misplaced in chapters before the material covered by the question has been discussed , information NEVER discussed is tested in the `` Practice RRT '' exam at the back of the book ... the list goes on and on.I implore you to save your money and NOT purchase this book . I myself plan to contact the publisher to receive a refund because it is one thing to have a few mistakes in a book but this text goes above and beyond in the mistakes department where it is a TOTAL waste of your valuable study time.If you are looking for a good RRT & CRT review go to the NBRC webpage for FREE and get the complete content matrixes - then look up the material you feel that you need to be refreshed with in your Egans Fundamental of Respiratory Care or the Essentials of Respiratory Care text . This is preparing you much more for the actual exams . Also , if you are looking for practice exams the NBRC webpage also has FREE CRT , RRT and Clinical Sims exams that will show you EXACTLY how the test real test will be.GOOD LUCK to all future RT 's & remember DO NOT BUY `` Respiratory Care Exam Review
 Information given in a mathmatical style , full of errors.Internet content is also full of errors and is lacking.Garbage
 Why does n't the author just write a book about shop lifting or being a pickpocket ? Being a locksmith is a time-honored profession that passes down professional skills from teacher to student . Lock picking is not a sport and should never be considered as one . If you want to be a locksmith-then go to school-but do n't pick locks for fun . Books like these should be burned and the authors jailed .
 The book 's intended purpose as stated is to sell lockpicking as a competitive sport , or club . While I agree with the message , several problems made the book very nearly unreadable , and left me wondering why I 'd spent money on what is so obviously an amateur web-page in bound form.As mentioned , much of the information is copy/pasted from one chapter to the next , up to and including diagrams and pictures , with no real reason for the repetition . I suppose the author might have wanted to illustrate how similar different types of locks are in function , but this is a poor way at best to do so . Additionally , numerous spelling and grammatical mistakes broke up whatever flow the book had , from the rapidly -LRB- and incorrectly -RRB- changing tenses in the author 's anecdotes , to simpler mistakes such as 6this . -LSB- sic -RSB- If you find this book used , it might be worth the price . Still , if you have any idea already how a lock works , you 're better off searching the web for How-To 's and FAQ 's . It 's obvious the author does know the material , and that 's what makes me most upset about the book . If he 'd bothered to hire an editor , or even a proofreader , he would have improved the book 's quality immeasurably , and perhaps made it more saleable .
 Very amateur printing and binding . Much of the information is repeated several times over verbatim ... feels very much like the book was padded out to its length.The `` for computer people '' angle is a red herring . The author simply comments - repeatedly - on the similarity between exploiting flaws in locks and exploiting flaws in computer security protocols . This is never explored or elaborated upon , nor is lock picking explored from a particularly computerish angle.The information presented in the book is fairly clear , but there 's very little of it . Furthermore , all of the information in the book is freely available - and better written - in several online guides.Overall , I 'm quite disappointed . Not worth the money .
 First you have to realize that this is not a serious , in-depth lock picking book . It 's a little handbook with about 100 pages . I 've seen toaster manuals that were bigger . It will take you about 30 to 60 minutes to read through this book . Not only that , the production quality is horrible . From the formatting of pages to the author 's writing style , everything about this book seems amateur . The author explains the subject of lock picking like he 's trying to explain it to his friend , not like he 's writing a serious text . I 've seen FAQs and PDF files floating around on lock picking that were a hell of a lot better than this.You 'd think that in a compact 100 page book that has to cover a lot of ground the author will use every page to it 's fullest . But the author keeps repeating himself so many times it becomes ridiculous . Sometimes the author writes the exact same paragraph using slightly different words and there are times he copies and pastes the exact same text ! There 's even a full page picture the author put twice for no apparent reason.You might think that the author just did n't know better and forgot that he can just refer us to previous pages , but it 's clear that he just tried to fill the book so it wo n't be even smaller . For example , there 's a chapter on picking padlocks and then there 's a chapter on picking deadbolt locks . It 's essentially the same technique but sure enough the author repeats the whole chapter saying the same things all over again . Reading this book I got deja-vu feelings all the time . Also , why on earth did the author spend a whole page putting a table with all 100 combinations of HIS OWN SPECIFIC LOCK!To sum it up , if you do n't have experience with lock picking you will not learn how to pick locks from this book . If you do have experience , you do n't need this book . I 've seen better texts on lock picking floating around the Internet and you can surely learn more on the subject from just googling .
 A dreadful book . Full of mispellings , technical confusion and repetition . This book ` might ' show you how to pick your first simple tumbler lock , but the MIT guide is a better bet for both newbies and seasoned lock pickers - at least the MIT guide goes into more detail about tensioning which is critical for any successful pick.Save your money on this amateur publication and download the free MIT guide.And the guy that wrote the book is n't even a lock smith !
 I had no previous experience with lockpicking , so in a sence I did actually learn something -LRB- = to open my pin-lock -RRB- . That 's what the book gets 1 star for . The same information is however also available for free on the Internet , just google for `` lockpicking tutorial '' or something similar.Otherwise the book was a mess to read . It repeats itself over and over again -LRB- just to add up more pages to the otherwise thin book on a meager subject -RRB- . It even shows the same one-page pictures twice . The books is apparently written i MS Word and printed out without checking what it looked like before making the final print . There are pages where the picture is on one page and the figure-text on the next page . There are even pages where the title for some chapter is at the end of one page when the chapter starts on the next page . Using photoshop to fix the b/w pictures would have also been an option , the author has apparently not heard of before.There are so many small and big non-topic-related factors in this book that it disturbs the topic itself . And although , I 'm not a native English speaker , I think I could have produced a far better book than this -LRB- even on the same topic , after having practiced lockpicking for about a week now -RRB- . Do n't buy it !
 I have to agree with the `` Amateurish '' review wholeheartedly . Some of these other reviews , as well as the Slashdot.org review , make me very suspicious about the author pumping up his own book . No one in their right mind could recommend this book ! Whole chapters are repeated almost exactly word for word -LRB- and thats only one of the many complaints I have -RRB- . Even with the repeated chapters , photos , techniques , and a multi-page chart in the back that lists every possible combination for a 5-key lock -LRB- no secrets here , its just
 This system will not work.Let 's assume your playing in a 6-deck game . This system has you start your running count at -20 , with -4 or higher as the `` key '' -LRB- The point at which you bet high -RRB- . Using the KO method , after all of the decks are counted through the count will be +4 . Does anyone else see the flaw here ? Let 's say you have a count of -3 . This system tells you to bet high -LRB- Even suggesting 10 betting units ! -RRB- . But think about it , if a deck completely counted through will end up at +4 , then there 's a better chance that you 'll be drawing low cards , meaning the dealer actually has the advantage . Put simply , if you use this system YOU WILL BE BETTING HIGH WHEN THE DEALER HAS THE ADVANTAGE . If I 'm wrong then correct me , please . But I believe this is a very faulty system . If you win anything using it , count it off as luck . Eventually it will ruin you.This book explains other counting systems as being near impossible for the average person to learn ; even explaining how difficult the Hi-Lo system is -LRB- Bull -RRB- . The Hi-Lo system is still the easiest effective counting system -LRB- Explained well in Wong 's `` Professional Blackjack '' -RRB- with the Omega II being one of the most powerful -LRB- Beautifully explained in `` Blackjack for Blood '' by Bryce Carlson -RRB- . I highly recommend either one of those two systems.There is a note in this book about the notion of blackjack books being put out by casinos to sort of sabotage counters with false tips . I believe this may very possibly be one of those books . Avoid , avoid , avoid .
 Avoid this book like the plague . I read and reread this book several times . I play at my local casino -LRB- SD , H17 , DD on 10-11 -RRB- 60 % penetration , No insurance . I practised day and night . I raised my bets when counts were positive and believe me when I say this that the dealer one each and every time . Looks like this book was written to knockout the players instead of the dealers . My 2 bits stay away from this book and avoid doing what the authors say at all costs . Remember high cards are very likely to favor the dealer as well so dont buy the one sided logic which this book perpetuates.Good luck
 This is one of the most poorly written books I have ever read . The system is quite simple and could be explained clearly in a few pages of charts , but the authors have no idea how to make a clear explanation . It would take a conscious effort to make a simple idea any more confusing than has been done in KO Blackjack.Unfortunately , while the KO count system appears to be a good one -- combining ease of use with a fair amount of power -- the authors make it as difficult to learn as possible . There is a fair amount of information for beginners but , again , this information is better-presented in other volumes.I would strongly recommend that players at all levels go to another book . Advanced players will want a more powerful system , such as Omega II or Revere . Beginning-intermediate players might well want to use the KO system , but it 's a lot easier to understand other simple systems such as Red 7 . Nothing here against the KO system , which is a good one , or Ken Fuchs , who is reported to be a very nice guy and a learned and helpful blackjack expert . But I would n't buy this book unless it comes out in a second edition with a complete rewrite .
 There are serious problems with this book.The first is that the co-author Olaf Vancura now works for Mikohn gaming , a company which specializes in developing products for the casinos , some of which are specifically designed to foil the card counting strategy Vancura recommends . Patently Vancura has little faith in his own method if he chooses to make money that way rather than at the tables.The KO system is very simple and this has made it very popular with players . The authors make a good case for stating that the % edge for using a professional level system rather than KO is small , say a few tenths of a percentage point . That is true-but what they do n't tell you is that the gains from the use of a higher level system tend to increase like compound interest in a bank account , and this can make the difference between winning tens of thousands of dollars or hundreds of thousands of $ 's over time . The claim that K-O is superior to its nearest commercial rival , the hi-lo system , is frankly stupid and supported by data that massages statistics in a way many politicians would be proud of.You might think is just my opinion-and to some extent you 'd be right . Then again , if you get a copy of Karel Janeck 's SBA simulation software or Norm Wattenbergers CVSim you will see just how poorly KO performs against other count systems.I would recommend Wong 's `` Professional Blackjack '' for those interested in pure counting , also John May 's `` Get The Edge At Blackjack '' and James Grosjean 's `` Beyond Counting '' for professional gambling methods with real money-making power .
 While the KO system gives players a slight advantage , this book neglects the fact that you will only win with counting if you play A LOT . With how much you have to play to make a profit , why stick with an old and oversimplified system ? For only a few more hours of work you can learn a level two system and make way more money . The KO system is the easy way out and pays accordingly . Most of this information can be found online anyways . If you are serious about making money counting , leave this count behind and pick up a book with a level two system .
 The problem with the book is that concentrates on a very weak method of card counting . Card counting is becoming difficult -LRB- or even impossible with continuous shuffler machines everywhere now -RRB- , you need every edge you can get.The KO system presented in this book depends on a set of simulation data I 'm sure the authors believe is valid , but shows serious evidence of sample bias . Recent work done on optimal betting theory , which allows a fair comparison of blackjack systems , shows that the KO method is extremely weak . The claim that KO can , for example , seriously challenge the dominance of Bryce Carlson 's complex and powerful AOII system is just ridiculous.This may be a good system for players who care little about winning , but then not counting may be a good option for these players also . There is no free lunch . Just look at some of the independent studies archived in the rec.gambling.blackjack archives to see how weak KO really is.The count system aside this book is a fairly tedious rehash of information you can find in virtually every other book .
 I do n't know what is hapening with this people ... I buy this book based in that reviews -LRB- all 5 stars -RRB- and when I open the book I am totaly disapointed . About the book
 This book has an interesting plot , but did not live up to my expectations . The main charachter , Marnie is not very likeable . She regards herself as superior to Raven , this does not give off the message that she loves him , but rather that she feels sorry for him and is being kind to him out of pity . I find this kind of unbalanced rlationship to be extremly irritating .
 This novel started well , but ended disappointingly . Set in the Middle Ages , `` The Raging Quiet '' effectively brings to life much of the atmosphere of that time in its attention to details.Sixteen-year-old Marnie has married the widower second son of the lord of the estate where her large family lives , a man much older than herself , in order to save her family from destitution . Marnie and her husband Isake leave the estate for the coastal town of Torcurra , where they arrive at a crumbling cottage that Isake says is quite valuable . However , the townspeople of Torcurra think Isake 's grandmother , who they burned as a witch for being a king 's mistress , cursed the cottage . Her husband 's drunken advances on her repel Marnie . When he is killed in an accident two days after their marriage , she is more relieved than upset . Some of her words and actions make a few villagers think Marnie murdered Isake.Marnie 's only friends are the village priest , Father Brannan , and the village madman , a boy not much older than herself called Raver , who she renames Raven . The townspeople think Raven 's rantings are signs he is possessed by the devil . Marnie soon discovers he is deaf , and finds a way to communicate with him with hand signals . However , when the villagers see the transformation in Raven , the puzzling hand signs , and spy on their other unusual behaviors , they accuse Marnie of witchcraft . Isake 's younger brother , who now wants the cottage , eggs them on . Marnie is forced to undergo the harrowing trial by hot iron , which is described in historically authentic detail.The novel has much in its favor , particularly the portrayals of tolerance by the main characters -LRB- Marnie , Raven , and Father Brannan -RRB- and intolerance by most of the townspeople and other minor characters.However , an unnecessary premarital sex scene between Marnie and Raven near the end of the book spoiled it all for me . As the parent of teenagers , I do n't think the message needs to be sent that sex is okay as long as you are in love -LRB- even Father Brannan jokes about it ! -RRB- , especially to the impressionable twelve-year-olds targeted by the book . The book is more appropriate for more mature fifteen to eighteen year olds . Reader warning
 When I saw the cover and read the blurb , I thought I 'd be in for a great read . But it did not take me long at all to get tired of Marnie being right all the time . She wins every theological argument with Father Brannan , she tames the wild beast that is Raven , and she deftly deals with the hateful townspeople of Torcurra . All this accomplished by a sixteen year old girl was somehow not inspiring , but rather annoying and unbelievable . I truly enjoy independent female characters , but if Marnie had smacked one of the villagers or at least thought about it , I would have found her easier much easier to relate to and like .
 Many of the other reviews have raved about Marnie , the main character , and her so-called strength or courage . Marnie was an idiot . She was raised in her society , understood its rules and mores , and when she blithely ignored them time and time again was actually SURPRISED when they tried her as a witch . Societal rules are generally strict , and a WISE and COURAGEOUS heroine would have recognized the rules and found ways around them to achieve her ends instead of flaunting them . -LRB- A great example is `` A Quest for a Maid . '' -RRB- Also , every description of Raven made him seem like a 12 year old , or at least younger than Marnie -LRB- I realize he was supposed to be somewhere in the 18-20 range -RRB- . It is hard to swallow a burgeoning romance between a 16 year old and a 12 year old . Besides , almost all descriptions of the characters became redundant quickly because the same words were used , and the same image created . The heavy reliance on sex was trite , offensive for the age group , and detracted from the main plot line .
 To say I was diassapointed with this book is an understatement . It had real potential but instead chose to be a salacious story with no moral value at all . Girl is in an arranged marriage . Sex is a awful . Meets deaf boy . Sex is wonderful . The end .
 `` The Raging Quiet '' is about Marnie , a sixteen year old who marries Isake , a man twice her age in order to save her family and ailing father . On their wedding night , Isake gets drunk and rapes her . The harrowing act leaves Marnie utterly shattered . Two days afterward , Isake falls off the roof -LRB- in a fairly unexplained accident -RRB- and dies . The villagers are immediately suspicious of Marnie.Soon afterwards , Marnie makes friends with Father Brannan , a local priest , and Raver , the `` mad '' boy in town . She soon finds out that Raver is n't mad , he 's just deaf , and struggles to teach him her version of sign language . However , even her friend the priest finds it hard to accept her unconventional ways , and after a while , Isake 's greedy older brother and the suspicious townspeople catch up with her and accuse her of witchcraft.Many parts of `` The Raging Quiet '' are good , especially the tumultuous relationship Marnie has with Raver , who gets frustrated and acts strangely . I appreciated that none of the relationships Marnie had with other people were perfect , even with the priest , with whom she argues constantly . However , Marnie herself was n't a likable character as the story progressed . Her pigheaded arrogance and blind determination were often irritating , especially during the unexplainable times when she could have defended herself , but instead turned a blind eye to insults . Perhaps it was a character trait , but sometimes I would find myself dreading who she was going to alienate next . None of the characters showed very much growth . Except for the priest , Marnie and Raver , everyone seemed to be one-sidedly evil and out to get her.There is also a totally unnecessary subplot , about a woman who lived in Marnie 's house before she did , and how something about the property must be valuable , which gave an odd `` Tom Sawyer '' treasure hunt touch to a book about prejudice and tolerance . In the beginning , the author runs back to the events before Marnie 's marriage , which confuses things a lot , because you 're not quite sure where the present events end and the past ones begin.The writing was not very good , either . The accusations against Marnie do n't really anger you , they just make you kind of sick . Occasionally , there was a strident tone attacking the sexual double standard and how women were treated in the old days -LRB- both of which I find repugnant -RRB- as people accused Marnie of promiscuity . However , since for some inexplicable reason the book is set in a nonexistent country , you ca n't really tell when or where it is , so it lessens the accuracy . And even the witch hunting seemed a little drawn out - it is only a brief part near the end.For a better , much more harrowing and historically accurate account of witch hunting in Renaissance Europe , read `` The Burning Time . '' All in all , `` The Raging Quiet '' tries to do too many things , and only goes halfway with all of them .
 This book may be fine writing and may have great characters , but I was disappointed to find that in the first few pages , we see a young girl basically experiencing rape at the hands of her new `` husband '' . My daughter is 12 years old , and perhaps the author thinks that 12 year olds are ready for this type of writing . The writing was explicit enough that it made my daughter uncomfortable . Parents , please pre-read this book to make sure that it is appropriate for your teen daughter .
 The Raging Quiet 's beautiful cover -LRB- by the excellent artist Kinuko Craft -RRB- and synopsis interested me . A romance between a young widow and a deaf boy ? It sounded promising , as did a quote on the back describing the book as a fairy tale romance with spice -LRB- or something to that effect -RRB- . Unfortunately , the book failed me on a few levels . My biggest qualm with it is the main character , Marnie . I just did n't like her at all . She 's described as being `` bold , '' but she 's also terribly naive , to the point of outright stupidity . She expects people to understand her sometimes confusing actions without providing any explanation , then acts like she 's a martyr when they do n't . Certainly , she goes through a lot of stuff in the book that no one deserves to experience , but some of her problems were only the result of her own pigheaded actions . Now , my real problem here is not that she messed up , but that she -LRB- and the other `` good '' characters -RRB- act as if she 's perfect . Father Brannan , a priest , calls her a `` saint '' over and over again , in fact , for no real reason I can see . -LRB- Befriending an outcast is a good thing , but if that 's all it takes to be a saint ... -RRB- I had trouble with some of the other characters too . Though it 's really nice to see a positive church figure , Father Brannan was a little bit too enthusiastic in his worship of Marnie , as mentioned above . Marnie 's first husband , Isake , changed so fast from being generally pleasant and respectable to being a drunken rapist that it almost gave me whiplash . I know alcohol can do strange things to people , but I really wish there was some explanation for why he randomly decided to get so drunk on his wedding night ... . Which brings to a minor point of discontent
 I have read quite a few Julie Garwood books , and have liked most of them . The others bothered me for some reason that I could not put my finger on . After reading this book , I finally figured it out . The heros spend the novel telling the heroines what to do and what not to do . They are not cruel , but they treat the heroines like children and make it clear that they are the masters and decision-makers in the relationship.Castles is a prime example of this . He dictated what Alesandra could wear , who she talked to and where she could go . I realize that this is a historical romance , but I still think that a marriage needs a certain degree of trust and mutual respect even in the 1800 's . Without these elements , I do not see how there can be any love . Colin treated Alesandra like a toddler . He even kept her prisoner in the house when they were first married.Alesandra was equally annoying . She insisted she would do what she pleased while following Colins orders , and she did not come off very bright . I think Ms. Garwood tossed in the detail that she was so brilliant with numbers to make her appear smart , but I never saw her use this ability.All in all , a very annoying novel that had a very similiar storyline with The Gift , Guardian Angel , and Lions Lady . No insult to Julie Garwood . She has written some wonderful stories like Ransom , Saving Grace and The Secret . I am not through reading Julie Garwood but i 've had it with her regency romance books .
 For a novel presumably set in 1820 , Garwood sure uses a lot of phrases that were n't used until 1920 - like `` yeah '' and `` sexy . '' Regency gentlemen do n't think someone is `` sexy . '' Reading that just jars me entirely out of the story . Also , how about how he has her sit on his lap in front of visitors ? Please , they would barely touch in company . Garwood obviously knows nothing about the period - and it shows . This is just terribly written . Skip and read something by Joanna Bourne or Loretta Chase !
 I have read a lot of Julie Garwood 's work , and for the longest time she was on my list of favorite authors . Im sorry to say that that is no longer the case . Lately every book that I have read by Ms. Garwood has been mediocre at best . `` Castles '' was just awful . . I actually liked Colin , but Alesandra was just a whiny , childish wimp . I normally force myself to never let a book go unfinished , but this one just wasnt worth the effort . I 'm sorry to say that I think my days of Garwood are over .
 I , as other readers , was also persuaded to read Ms. Garwood by other reviewers . This is my second Julie Garwood , and I 'm determined it will be my last for the following reasons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The plot is sketchy and contrived , and the regency period is not portrayed in a realistic manner , even by romance novel standards . -LRB- 2 -RRB- While I appreciate wealthy and titled characters that treat their servants kindly and have enjoyed many novels in which the serving class characters have made major contributions to the story , I had a hard time getting into the story because I felt that the way Ms. Garwood portrayed the relationships between the butler and the main characters was simply ridiculous -LRB- the hero asked the butler to call him by his first name , the butler was extremely nosy and treated visitors as if they came to see him , etc. etc. -RRB- Instead of finding this funny or endearing , I found it irritating and disruptive . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The relationship between the hero and the heroine lacked sensual tension and depth . It was very easy for them to suddenly discover that they loved each other , which made finishing the novel and unexciting chore . I had to FORCE myself to finish it and it took me forever . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The suspense/mystery subplot seems to be there as a way to lengthen the book , but I knew from the beginning who the evil villain was , so this did n't help to dispell the boredom . -LRB- 5 -RRB- How realistic is it , even by 21st century standards , for a husband to take his wife into his lap in front of visitors ? I found that the public displays of affection , in the Regency period no less , took me out of the action . While I extremely enjoy characters who demonstrate their passion and love to each other , I felt that this was not the way to do it.In summary , if you like romance novels with a pinch of historical realism , character development , plot depth , and really intelligent characters who communicate in a sensical manner , Castles is not the book for you . On the other hand , if you like fluffy , juvenile novels that could have been written by a teenager for a tenager , enjoy .
 Rarely have I ever met a book so god-awful I wanted to shoot myself in the face before I could finish . This one takes the proverbial cake . After page 190 -LRB- halfway ? -RRB- when the hero and heroine talk through their first sexual encounter -LRB- and I finally stopped deluding myself that the story would pick up -RRB- -- I just had to go online to see what other people thought of it . I was fully prepare to relish the cutthroat reviews I was sure this book deserved , so you can imagine my suprise at finding pages and pages of `` this book is great ! '' ... I do n't understand this phenomenon . Can someone please explain ? Because I certainly have a `` list '' of grievances.For starters , Julie Garwood 's prose is terrible . Her ENTIRE book is comprised of `` she did this , '' `` then he did that , '' `` and she said this . '' `` then he said that . '' The result is a dialogue that is so painfully dull , it makes me wince everytime someone calls her characters `` witty . `` Not to mention the slew of the words `` certainly , '' `` terribly , '' `` at all , '' slathered liberally across every other page . And while the word ` too ' is great for including an extra thought , the author should probably be introduced to the words ` also , ' ` moreover , ' ` thus ' etc. -- which might have saved the reader the complusion to slam their head on the table everytime the sentence structure `` She was angry -- and furious too , '' came up . Either that , or Garwood should stop adding extra thoughts . In fact , it would probably refine her writing.While most books can skate by poor writing with a decent plot . The book lacks even that . Besides for the confusion of genres incurred by opening the novel from a psycopath 's narrative -- this psycopath pops up randomly throughout the continuing chapters as if to remind the reader `` oh hey ! i 'm still here ! Be terrified ~ ! I just killed someone . '' then leave again after his pointless update . I have yet to find out how he matters to the story in anyway-shape or form . Other than the fact he obviously has to due with the `` dissapearances '' throughout the story of minor characters . And by minor I mean -- undeveloped , sometimes nameless people . But that 's ok , because the family of these victims are perfectly content to write off their loved one 's `` dissapearance '' as an elopement they 've obviously developed . They are so ashamed of it , that they never want to bring it up again . -LRB- as opposed to finding out what really happened to them , elopement or otherwise . -RRB- Alesandra and Colin may have been remotely interesting if Garwood had done a better job developing their characters . She introduces Alesandra as a rebellious , troublesome imp -- only to continue the story with Alesandra being a perfect angel of a woman . One has to wonder how the words `` dignity and decorum '' could render such a deep change in a character 's personality . And Colin ? He was an ogre.I do not find ogre 's attractive.If you 're interesting in something witty , with loveable and believable characters -- Julia Quinn is , hands down , the most witty author I 've ever had the pleasure to read .
 This is the first Julie Garwood book I have ever read and I must say that I was quite appalled . The writing itself was not very good at all . Often the words were clumsily thrown together as though with no thought at all . There was extreme word overuse . The story was even worse . It is so unrealistic and unconvincing that the whole plot , or what could possibly be called a plot , is dull in the extreme . Alesandra is made out to be a rich , bumbling dullard while Colin is the suave and intelligent one who laughs at her mistakes . It makes me sick , because this is basically all the book is about . I do not recommend this as any sort of reading material , serious or just for fun .
 Being a big fan of Julie Garwood and having read Lyon 's Lady and Guardian Angel I looked forward to reading about Colin . I was extremely disappointed . Whereas the female characters in the previous two novels , Jade and Christina were very strong and interesting - challenging the respective heros in the novels , Alesandra was rather weak and suffered from a rather nondescript personality . After the promising beginning showing her as a problem to the convent , I expected a bit of non conformity from her , but instead was given a non descript not fully realized , rather weak individual . I 'm still a Garwood fan , but could n't even finish Castles .
 This story greatly disappointed me . The character of Princess Alesander has great similarity with Christina from the book titled `` Lion 's Lady '' . Both make the hero confuse and make you laugh to read their act in trying to understanding the lady . It 's fun for the first time fan . But not worth the time of a long time fan like me
 Absolutely hated this novel ! I have read many good novels from Johanna Lindsley , Judith McNaught and Jude Deveraux . They all write with such grace that reading this made me feel like it was a novel I should have been reading as a teen . The whole book lacked description and feeling . Julie did n't quite bring you into the story because of the lack of these things . I can only hope for her sack that her other books are written better than this one .
 So I 've had this book for over a decade . I carted it around with my other favorite novels through numerous moves , a marriage , some children , etc. . I do n't read it all the time , as it 's just one of the hundred or so books that I 've also carted around while additions to the collection were made.So , I read it again this week and had to ask myself
 Julie Garwood is a very popular romance writer . Many reviews I have seen for other books suggest this author , so I decided to give her a try . I guess I am in the minority on this one , because after reading this story and The Prize , I can honestly say that Garwood is not for me.To start out with , I do n't find it romantic in the least to have the hero treat the heroine like a child . This is a regency novel and it being such , I know the husband had the right to order the wife around but this was a little extreme . It seems like every page the hero is telling the heroine what to do and what not to do and it seemed to get to the point where the poor could n't do anything without giving him the ok . Even choose her own clothes.My second problem is that the heroine , Alesandra , behaves like an idiot the whole time . I think Garwood is trying to make her seem innocent , but she gave a different impression entirely . She comes off as dumb and childlike.Garwood just is n't for me . I ca n't believe she is so popular . Her work pales in comparison to authors like Mary Jo Putney , Lisa Kleypas , or Marsha Canham .
 I was very disappointed by this novel . If I 'd read it alone , maybe I would have liked it . But I read it as a continuation of the series . I was very upset that Nathan does not make an appearance until the end of the novel . I was also disturbed by the physical changes Garwood made in the other characters from previous novels . To me , it just is n't a sequel . Colin did not seem like himself . Even when viewing the book separate from the rest , the character of Alesandra is not fully fleshed out . Nor is the story believable . I did n't buy their romance for a minute . I can only recall a few memorable moments from this novel -- one touching , one funny . This is definitely a novel to borrow but not to buy .
 you should not buy this collection of Warren Buffett 's letters to investors . You should instead visit the Berkshire Hathaway website where all of these essays are available for free and invest the $ 22 in a good company following the principles outlined in these essays.If these essays were not so easily available , this collection would definitely be worth buying .
 Yet another boring rehash of the same old investment style . total waste of money .
 one can easily have access to the material on the berkshire hathaway 's website -LRB- or print them out and staple them -RRB- . do n't waste your money ... pricey book ... way over the intrinsic value . ironic that a person interested in financial acumen would spend money on this book .
 I bought this Book because I read in the reviews that the author organized the topics . But after reading it and reading the Shareholders letter , I learn more from the shareholders letter because it discusses with the decision in assessing companies . It book is helpful to those who does n't have time to spend reading all the shareholders letter .
 I received a homemade-looking copy of book on CD . I am not sure if it is an original or a bootleg copy and after trying to deal with the publisher , I do n't trust them at all.After making my purchase , I started receiving emails soliciting a 5-star review from the Platinum Millenium Publishing company . If you buy this product , they will ask you to give them a positive review and promise to send you 2 free items in return . Do n't do it.I left a positive review months ago and , even after several follow-up emails , I have not heard a thing from this company and I have not received my free items .
 I just read this guidebook for the second time . It provides a good overview of living in Mexico , Guatemala , Costa Rica and Ecuador . However , I think anyone seriously considering living in Costa Rica or Mexico would profit more by reading one of the other travel guidebooks about residing in these countries . The other guides deal specifically with these countries and provide much more complete information .
 First off , I love Edward Lee . He is a black comic genius . The Pig , The House , The Bighead , The Minotauress . All genius that had me laughing all the way.Goon is generally boring . It seems like a very basic story written by someone other than Lee -LRB- Pelan -RRB- where Lee has added several sections of gross sex . Lee is usually very good and very funny at this stuff but on this occasion it comes off as a half arsed effort that probably took him a couple of hours to write.There is one piece of classic Lee in this novel , a conversation between two police officers . The rest ? Sorry , glad this was not my first Lee book.Not worth the $ 20 asking price . Sorry Ed . Love your work but this is lacklustre .
 After reading this adventure shared by a group of completely self-absorbed Westerners , I have only one concern - did Rustum make the plane ?
 I am trying to figure out why this book was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize . The writing is rather ordinary . Perhaps , as some note , it 's sardonic , but it does that often through stereotyping . The main character Chloe never seems to change much . None of the male characters progresses much either . The story is rather lame . You can pretty much figure out what 's going to happen about 1/4 of the way into the book . But you have to wade through a lot of nothing much to get to the last 50 pages which finally have intrigue and action . To understand the political background in Iran , a reader would have to be quite familiar with what happened . Johnson never even helps the reader recollect the events with more than sketchy historical information ; the main American characters are not really aware of what 's happening during the fall of Iran from the Shah 's control but that does n't mean the reader has to be put into the dark as well . Johnson alludes to `` A Passage to India '' which I think would be a better book to read if you want to read about culture clashes . What puzzles me is all the positive reviews Johnson keeps getting .
 The main character inspires nothing but a mild distaste and unfortunately overshadows with her pointless little musings a much more interesting subject of a people on the verge of revolt . Chloe could have been written as a much more compelling sympathetic narrator through which to see a turning point in a life of a country . There is not enough wit or drama or lirerary cleverness to make one want to read beyond page 15 , the only reason I did , is that I made it a rule to finish all books I start . Johnson has written much better books .
 I do n't know how anyone could have enjoyed this book . It 's horrible ! There 's no plot in Persian Nights whatsoever and I practically fell asleep every time I tried to read it . After reading and enjoying Le Divorce I found this book by Diane Johnson to be far worse . I recommend this book be avoided by anyone who does not want to sit through a slow , dull , and overall bad read . I honestly do n't know how it got any good reveiws at all . Try one of her other novels maybe , but steer clear of this one !
 The title of my review states my opinion ofthe book . I will not waste my time any further
 Read by my bookclub months ago , I finally picked this one off the shelf and gave it my best shot . The protagonist , Chloe Fowler , is the wife of a doctor who has chosen to spend the summer in Iran , working in Shiraz at the Azami Hospital . In London on the trip out to Iran , her husband , Jeffery , is suddenly called back to the States to tend to a dear friend who has had a terrible accident . Jeffrey encourages Chloe to go ahead and he 'll meet up with her later -LRB- he never does -RRB- . Chloe 's world in Iran is a chock-a-block of doctors and their wives -LRB- some American , some Iranian , some European -RRB- who live and work in the Azami Compound . It is the summer of growing discontent in Iran and the book ends with them all fleeing as the hostages are being taken at the US Embassy in Tehran -LRB- although they are oblivious to that fact as they line up in the airport to buy caviar -RRB- . Although this book was very well written , I had a terrible time identifying with Chloe . She is self-centered , unliberated , a pretty , empty-headed thing who has very little sense of what is happening around her and seems way too preoccupied with her various affairs to care . Although the stage for this novel is Iran , it could have taken place in any developing country . Johnson attempts to make us see that Chloe has some redeeming qualities in her amateurish quest to better understand the Persian poets or some of the archeological sites they all visit en -LRB- tourist -RRB- masse . But the result does not move me . Chloe is still a bonehead , and has more than she deserves in life . I finished this book wishing that it had been written about one or another of the more interesting , less shallow peripheral characters in Chloe 's little Iranian world .
 I wanted this book because I thought it would describe INTERESTING events happening in the life of an American woman in a Middle Eastern country . Not quite . It merely threw a few week 's boring events together to create a boring story that went nowhere . The story is called `` Persian Nights '' , yet the reader was n't informed about the culture , customs or traditions of this mysterious land ! The few somewhat eyelifting parts -LRB- that would seem difficult for the author to solve -RRB- somehow were suddenly patched -LRB- Noosheen and the whole passport thing -RRB- . There were so many parts that could have gone somewhere and never did . Awfully boring .
 This book is terrible . I am an avid reader and I am really sorry I wasted my time and money on it . The main character has no redeeming qualities whatsoever . It was impossible to care what happened to this poor excuse for a women . How this novel could be described as fast-paced is beyond me . Three quarters way through the book I was still waiting for something , anything , to happen . At about this same point in the story the author tosses out a stream of vulgar language that seems to have no place in the book . Perhaps it is to get our attention away from falling asleep . Sweeping negative generalizations for nearly every ethnic group mentioned in the story abound . Iranians men are ridiculed right down to the size of their collective private parts . Was the author trying to be funny or just plain offensive ? If you need to prop up the leg of a table perhaps this book would have some merit . How it could have been nominated for the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction I do not understand .
 This was not a good book at all . Weak characters , unrealistic representations , and dull storylines mixed with a limited knowledge of Iran and Persian culture . The front cover literally illustrates this - a woman standing dressed in Arabian , not Persian clothing . Poor taste indeed .
 I 've heard positive things about Harrison for years , but much as I wanted to enjoy this trio of novellas , I found myself disappointed . While he is capable of turning a beautiful , poetic sentence now and again , Harrison 's stories seem obsessed with summarizing instead of actually narrating . He tells you everything everyone is doing and everything they ever have done , ad infinitum . There is no sense of immediacy here , of the present moment unfolding in any significant or meaningful way . He tells you what happened incessantly instead of showing you , which , for me at least , makes it heard to really get invested in what 's going on . It also does n't help that all of the main characters feel like variations on the same stoic , proud , usually well-off guy whose basically has it all . It 's too bad because the title story has some real potential and would probably make a killer novel if it was expanded by a few hundred pages , instead the reader is treated to an ornate summary of what in more capable hands -LRB- maybe Cormac Mccarthy 's ? -RRB- could be made into compelling literature .
 I read the title story and dismissed it as a liberal wet dream without purpose or destination or lesson . It has no sense to it .
 This book is called Ask Ed . What you get is Ed 's answers to questions set forth by the public in his popular High Times magazine column . `` Great ! '' I thought . Just what I need . Something to improve my growing skills ... . But wait ... The book is full mistakes and errors ! As a `` type-of-grow-book '' it will certainly give you a foundation for cannabis growing logic and a bit about how to solve cannabis problems , but it has a fatal flaw . It appears that the writer has not actually put much of his `` Answers '' into practice.There are a number of passages that read well and you say to yourself ` wow ' that is a great idea . Putting them into practice is another thing all together . For example
 I bought this book thinking it would be the same as an older translation that I loaned and did not get back . It is not the same . The older translation I had carried the anointing of Watchman Nee 's teaching . That was lost in this one . All the additions of the `` translators '' in this book make Nee 's teaching unintelligible .
 Maybe I 'm going to be the only one out there who sees this book as one more act of pampering to a guy that was born during a time when you could screw around in Aspen until your 30s and still get a Harvard MBA , ride the great bull market of the 80s and 90s , make a fortune in a ridiculously short amount of time , get the girl of your dreams , and hang out with celebrities and media moguls to boot . And what a luxury to be able to have a writer extoll your virtues for your friends and family before your untimely death ; an account relatively unbalanced by reflections of painful learning experiences , regret , humility in the face of enormous fortune , notions of how one made have made life better -LRB- or worse -RRB- for others outside of one 's immediate family , etc. . I found this ` life affirming ' book quietly disturbing ; a high gloss two dimensional portrait of another yuppie , his unknowingly self centered and self congratulatory values -LRB- heavily pandered to by the baby boomer writer -RRB- , extolled for ` living large ' rather than living reflectively or compassionately , and still , up to the moment of his death , unchallenged in his obliviousness to the shadow he and his self congratulatory-generation still cast . My laments to the Barton family . Although , after reading this book I am more anxious than ever to see the boomers , and their views on what life is all about , finally fade away .
 Because I am a cancer survivor myself , I was drawn to this extremely well-written book -LRB- thanks to Laurence Shames -RRB- about how a relatively young man , Peter Barton , 50-51 , handled terminal stomach cancer.Barton was a member of the most self-indulgent generation ever , the baby-boomers , and he availed himself of its sybaritic offerings to the fullest . They called this living large.He did n't serve his country , did n't invent television , did n't invent the internet , did n't devote his life selflessly to find a cure for cancer that would help all humanity , but he did join John Malone , the founder of Liberity Media , and made a fortune doing it . He was paid a fortune for helping to create a product that is consumed mainly by children and adults of limited perception . He did n't do much to pay society back for his good fortune.What this book illustrates is that he was a boomer to the end , self-absorbed , self-indulgent , and self-important . If I had known him in business I think I would have found him repugnant .
 I did not think much of this book.First , I found it quite interesting that Bonnie Von Stein had very similar injuries as Jeffrey MacDonald , and McGinnis thinks he 's guilty and Bonnie is n't . It seems that McGinnis switches `` sides '' depending on payment . Also , Wade Smith , Bonnie Von Stein 's attorney , brought McGinnis into this case . Smith was also involved to some degree with the MacDonald case.Secondly , McGinnis tells the tale solely from Bonnie Von Stein 's point of view . He did not dig into anything that would point in her direction -LRB- and there is a lot ! -RRB- . Yet another change from the way he handled Fatal Vision.Lastly , when McGinnis discusses other parties involved , he does so from a stand point where one would believe he had actually spoken with these people . He did not . His book is nearly 100 % based on what Bonnie said , what Bonnie did , how Bonnie reacted , ad naseum.A final note about some of the other reviews .1 - Upchurch did not get a retrial . Upchurch 's death sentence was vacated on appeal under McKoy due to faulty jury instructions . He was granted a resentencing hearing . At that hearing he was resentenced , this time to life in prison . He will not be eligible for parole for about 40 years -LRB- 2 life sentences - consecutive -RRB- .2 - There was never evidence that Upchurch was involved . Neither Henderson nor Pritchard could corroborate each others stories . The information they provided varied widely ! There was not one single piece of physical evidence . The murderer was right handed . Upchurch is left handed . If this intrigues you , check out www.freejbupchurch.com!And also , stick to Bledsoe 's Blood Games . A better read , a better understanding of the case and people involved , and a much better writing style !
 I give this book only a two star rate . This book is ok , the author I feel is a little repateivtive in his writting . He relies heavy on channeling with very little history if any to back things up . Its interesting and belevable but over all its not a book I would buy new , buy it used . Its still a good read but most of the stories are a bit old .
 I have read many books of this genre , more than one of Mr. Holzer 's . This is by far his worst work . The biggest problem is the way that he writes . It is apparent in his other books , but not as prominent . He comes off as if he is the world 's best ghost hunter and that his opinion 's are fact . Many times he states in the book that he doubts and discredits any person that has n't in the past had some kind of psychic occurence . There is no history to any `` haunt '' . He and his medium are the only credible people in any story . My overall consenus is that he is getting old and is trying to cash in on a few more books . there was no thought or follow through , just cocky , arrogant fatigue in this book . If you want to read a real good ghost book , check out Citro .
 I bought this book hoping for stories of ghostly legends from New England . What I got was some guy who considers himself a ghost hunter that has a friend that supposedly can connect with the ghosts that haunt the places they visit.Reading this book was like watching a TV special , you know the kind , where the magician picks someone out from the audience and keeps on saying `` now I do not know you , nor have I ever met you '' . I really wished I did not buy this book .
 I had read a few negative reviews about this book before purchasing it because I hoped they were wrong . Well , they were n't . The book is , well , boring and hard to get through because of it 's flatness . There are too many details when it comes to `` he said , she said '' descriptions and not enough detail of the actual hauntings that would draw the reader in , or at least throw a chill down your spine.The cover boasts `` Spine-Tingling Encounters with the Phantoms of New England , '' but I think the made-up ghost stories that are told by campfires and in the dark at sleep-overs are more enjoyable and `` spine-tingling '' than the ones in this book.I found his story telling to be repetative , as another reader also mentioned . At times I thought my bookmark had been moved and I was re-reading a chapter , but it was just his style of writing repeating itself over and over.Lastly , I 'm not sure why this book makes it seem as if ghosts only haunt big , old houses . I 'm sure there are plenty of ghosts out there that are n't haunting houses , but I guess Hans did n't hunt down any of those.All in all , if you 're looking for a nice book to curl up with late at night in order to get a good scare , this is n't the one . It 's not even worth it for those who are n't looking for a scare , actually . Very disappointing .
 I was more interested in historical ghosts stories or legends of New England . This is a book of some guy that 's supposedly a ghost chaser.I was not thrilled by this book .
 The NYRB deserves credit for retrieving several wonderful works by the Sicilian writer-politician Leonardo Sciascia
 I was hoping that this book was more nondenominational from the summary and reviews I read , but what I got seems very `` evangelist preacher '' to me . There are some good suggestions that I 'll keep for my journey , but I was looking for somethign less prescribed . I guess I 'll keep searching for a non-denominational guide to a relationship with God .
 My professor unfortunately had to choose this book for class , which I dreadfully abhor and never want to open/read it again . I find it unclear and not very much helpful in presenting the principles of behaviorism . The tear out quizzes are somewhat pointless and repetitive -LRB- 3 for each chapter -RRB- . The chapter summaries are poor and everything , including the text layout and color is extremely plain and again , poorly done . What I disliked most about this book is that the definitions are extremely WORDY and confusing !!! For example , in defining Positive & Negative reinforcers , they had to break it down into a THREE PART definition ??? 1 . The occurence of a behavior2 . is blah blah3 . results in the strengthening of that behavior blah blah blah ... I find it pointless and hard to follow . Not very concise at all . : -LSB-
 As other people have stated that changing your handwriting and emphasizing certain cognitive change could lead to self-improvement , the `` Vimala '' alphabet I believe is not a practical in today 's business environment . There are plenty of much better self-help books if that is what you need .
 Do you feel a sense of loss because your handwriting has become illegible to others over the years ? Do you have trouble even reading it yourself ? Do you feel a sense of loss and longing for fluid , legible hand-written expression ? Vimala Rodger 's book will open the gate . She will clean up your penmanship and along the way reveal things that we never learned in school about the power , joy , and significance of handwriting . Give your computer keyboard a rest . Pick up Vimala 's book , a pen , and go for it ! It is pure magic .
 better information on handwriting analysis is avalable from other sources .
 I do like crossing the t 's on the top , and writing my first initial as the star A , but other than that , I generally find it a rather ugly script . Perhaps that 's why it 's not working for me , but I 've not noticed any changes in myself or my life despite months of writing the t 's and A 's as she says .
 Very basic book that covers no new ground . Go to your local library and find a fitness/weight lifting book . You wo n't miss anything by taking this route and passing on this relatively useless book .
 I was really disappointed with this book for the price . It was just a small book and I thought the price for what you got was too high .
 This guide is too small and very incomplete . There are much better available for less money like Weight Training for Dummies which is available for only $ 4 used . If I saw it in a book store I 'd never buy it .
 When I realized that I had been charged $ 36 for this book , which was in used condition , I returned it immediately . Still , my credit card has not been credited with a refund and it 's been almost 60 days!When I contacted them -LRB- Circle Rounder Books -RRB- about returning the book via e-mail , their response sounded snide and sarcastic . They did , however , give me their return address , letting me know that they would be charging me a 10 % `` re-stocking fee '' .
 Highway robbery -- Rusch 's book is unbelievably bad , even by casebook standards . This $ 100 + rag is less than one inch thick , yet costs more than most books having three times the amount of pages and ten times the amount of information -LRB- most of the book is white space -RRB- . Rather than explain the law , the author merely refers you to the Code -LRB- which you must purchase separately -RRB- -- gee , thanks ! The hypos are not helpful and no explanations are given . You 'll learn more about negotiable instruments and payment law by reading your bank statement than you will from reading this entire book . If your professor ordered this book , unless her name is Rusch , the only reason is because she did n't have a chance to thumb through it beforehand . Spend twenty minutes with it , and you 'll see why -- you 'll never stray from the core class curriculum again . My professor actually apologizes after every assignment because this book is so utterly worthless . AVOID PAYING PERFECTLY GOOD MONEY FOR THIS BOOK AT ALL COSTS , even if that means you have to split the costs three ways and share it with other students -- believe me , once you 've taken the class , you 'll never use this book again .
 The book is 70 % hypos with open ended questions and half blank pages to write your answers . It constantly refers you to sections of the UCC but does n't have the relevant UCC excerpts in the book or appendices - like a normal casebook . And there are only about 10 cases actually discussed in any detail . Not worth it at ANY price .
 This is not Dickens at his best . No offence to the narrator , who does a good job but I think the story itself is rather boring . Especially when compared with his classics `` Great Expectations '' , `` A Christms Carol '' and `` A Tale of Two Cities '' .
 I found Hard Times to be a particularly boring novel . I also purchased the matching audiobook which I listened to on a long drive . There should be a warning label ! The darn thing puts you to sleep faster than listening to Stephen Hawking all day ... anesthetized ! Why not one star ? I like Dickens , what can I say ?
 I picked up this book at B&N ; because I had just read two Jane Austin novels and I thought this would be a light read . I was wrong . The beggining and the end had a purpose in the story but the middle could have been much , much shorter and the ending made a little longer.I liked the character of Mr. Bounderby . He was very well developed . I would even say over-developed , but he was the only one . How did Sissy influence the youngest Gradgrind ? Why did n't we know of Mrs. Bounderbys inner turmoil till she ran to her father ? Every character had something missing . What happened to Mr. Bounderby once he was found out ? Why is Sissy so special and what did she really do for the family?It was a long book where nothing much happened until the last quarter and when it finally ended I felt cheated because it lacked a complete story line and full characters . The story line could have been forgiven if I was more satisfied with the characters .
 Pretty much , the beginning and the middle of this book is pretty dull . The thing that really saves it towards the middle . So I would not read this book if you are looking for something gripping or that will really make you eager to find out what is going to happen next . The book is simply put a drama with no positive turning points until the end . The ending of a book is really inportant to me . This book has a good ending , so that raises the from my point of view.The book was kind of hard to follow for me . One of the main reasons for this is the fact that there are too many characters . There is at least twenty . Some of these characters are Louisa , Mr. Bounderby , Mr. Gradgrind , Sissy Jupe , and Stephen Blackpool . Stephen Blackpool 's story was very sad and really affected my emotions as I read it . I also felt that Sissy Jupe went through a lot but stayed strong through her troubles.The basic storyline is this
 I picked up Hard Times preparing to enjoy it since Charles Dickens is my favorite author . While not going so far to say that I was disappointed , I will say that it was the first Charles Dickens novel that I almost felt like not finishing . Not only is the plot rather humorless , but the characters are charmless and almost uninteresting . If it hadnt been written by Dickens then I may have liked it better but as it was it did not have any of Dickens usual charm and humor .
 This book was terrible ! Half the characters did not have an ending and no main character is apparent . Then again , I 'm a freshman in high school and may be a little inexperienced to judge so harshly . I personally dislike Dicken 's wordy style of writing because it 's easy to get lost . If you like Dickens , and you do n't mind his writing style I 'm sure you would probably disagree with me . I 'll give it a two .
 Charles Dickens did for the art of literature what the 80 's did for music
 this book is hard to understand and boring
 Hard Times is a book written in older Brittish convention style . The way this story was written I could hardly understand , because I ` am not used to reading the older english version.A book like this one would be for someone who can definitly read , and understand almost every form of writing . It 's mainly about innocent lives simply being tooken away.This included family , adults , and children , knowing at that time age did n't matter.If you were one of killer 's victoms , most likely you would lose your life.That is what made it so hard for many people to calmly contiue on with thier lives ' , because they were worried about their safty.Just letting you know , I would not recommend reading this book , If you 're someone like me who dos n't understand the old english version used in this text.This story included characters such as Mr.Marmel , the Welp , Mr.Grandgrind , Hart House , Mrs. Pegler and Rachel.They are all involved in those particular pressures of life in that city . So if you believe you have the right tools to recieve what `` Hard Times '' is spouting out to you , I will not hold you back . I say give it a try .
 Any Dickens book can be summarized in two words
 `` Is there anything more dull than this damn book ? '' - Gradgrind
 This book was a total waste of my time . do n't get me wrong though im a very avid reader but , DAG !! was Dickens intending for his book to be so boring or did it just mistakenly happen . The characters were hard to understand and so was the plot . ONe character in particular got on my last nerve
 This is the only book I 've ever taken back to the store because the writing was n't good enough to be read -- no exaggeration , this reads like a sixth-grader wrote it ; it 's awful . Somebody should devote some quality time to the history behind Skynyrd -- they 're critically important , and deserve the attention . They most certainly deserve more than this crummy book offers .
 This book may please casual fans or beginners to the Southern Rock genre . It 's poorly written and hardly offers any insight to Lynyrd Skynyrd . There are a lot of errors and gaps , which will leave you with more questions about this band than before reading it . No extensive discography -LRB- I 'm still wondering about the exact order of Muscle Shoals material -RRB- or any revelations concerning releases or the band and its members . Feels like a lot of gossip and hearsay . Definitely not satisfying . One star is for doing a book on Southern Rock .
 I have been a Lynyrd Skynyrd fan for 25 years , and I waited a long time for a biography of the band . I do n't think that this book qualifies as a biography . Ronnie VanZant was the heart of Skynyrd . Yet , the author tells us next to nothing about his childhood , first marriage , his relationship with his wives , family or anyone outside of the band . As a matter of fact , we do n't really know that much about his relationships with band members either , unless of course holding a gun to the drummer 's head when he does n't want to rehearse a particular tune qualifies as the nature of a relationship . Maybe the author is n't interested how this squares with the man who wrote `` Simple Man '' . I , however , expect a biographer to tackle such interesting contradictions.If VanZant 's personal life got virtually no attention , the band members got none . For instance , having read the book I now know that Allen Collins was 1 . the greatest guitar player in the world , 2 . that his wife died in childbirth , 3 . that he became a hard core alcoholic afterwards , 4 . that while driving drunk he had a solo accident in which his girlfriend died and he became paralyzed , 5 . he died . Does n't a biographer have a duty to scratch beneath the surface ? Is n't there a responsibility to put bare facts into perspective , to analyze them and omit blatant stupidty ? At one point the author quotes someone as saying that Dale Krantz -LRB- the lead singer of the Rossington Collins Band -RRB- could sing as well as Aretha Franklin.Born to Run , Dave Marsh 's 1970 's biography of Bruce Springsteen , shows the problems of this book . Clearly Marsh was enamored of Springsteen , but we got loads of insight into Bruce 's childhood , relationship with his father , pivotal influences , demons , etc. . After reading such a book , one has some insight into the man . After reading this book , I now know that Ronnie VanZant liked to beat the hell out of anyone who crossed him - or sometimes just liked to beat the hell out of someone just for , well , the hell of it . Thanks for the insight .
 This is the worst Algebra book that I have ever come across . I love Algebra and I bought this book just for brushing up and enjoyment purposes . There does not seem to be any rhyme or reason as to the order of the book and the instructions are very confusing.Don ' t waste your money on this book a much better book is Maran 's Illustrated Effortless Algebra . It is a basic Algebra book that is excellent . Its directions are easy to follow and the illustrations are excellent . College Algebra Demystified is also a good book with lots of practice problems , but the explanations are best in Maran 's .
 In several weeks time , I 've been going back and forth with Cliffs notes and Schaum 's outline of algebra . Thus far , I 'm happier with Schaum 's than Cliffs . Cliff 's is incredibly vague -LRB- as is Schaum 's , but less often -RRB- and so much so that it hampers the scholar from fully grasping the concepts . A major , albeit reoccurring issue I encounter with math guides is that they are way too vague , or they 're missing some steps , which happen to be critical in the comprehension of the topic . I can assure you that if you purchase Cliffs notes that you will be overwhelmingly frustrated and irate . Take my word despite other reviews .
 I agree with the first reviewer . Mill 's work is spectacular , but this printing is an INSULT to a great thinker and human being . The text is barely legible , and in the copy I received a number of pages had the text cropped off on the left side . Unbelievable that anyone thinks they can sell this for 40 dollars ! It 's really a disgrace . I would have written to the publisher , but I did n't see an address . Pitiful , just pitiful .
 This book is incomplete . There are whole chapters of the Gospel of Mark that were left out , making the book quit useless.Marguerite CulhaneEagle River Alaska
 First , the positive
 The greatest impediment to enjoying a novel -LRB- for me -RRB- is when characters act in ways that do n't make sense , thus poisoning the rationale for the story line . Even given the notable lack of self-control of Cornwell heroes when it comes to women , in this case the major plot line was Thomas abandoning his course for the woman . The only motivation offered for Thomas 's attraction is her beauty . But there is absolutely no indication of any character lurking beneath the body ! I have n't counted , but I doubt she has more than 30 words of dialogue in the entire book . For the hero to make a 90-degree behavioral turn for a woman , one has to understand the woman to understand why he would do so . Because there is no credible explanation , the book from a story perspective has to fail . I hasten to add that the historical accuracy , battle scenes , etc. are Cornwell 's normal high quality .
 As I wrote in my review of The Archer 's Tale , I was very disappointed in the way this series fizzled out in this , the third installment.Bernard Cornwell was one of my favoriteauthors up until `` Sharpe 's Waterloo '' , but I feel he 's again showingsymptoms of being too prolific.I just do n't feel it ...
 I like Neal A. Maxwell as much as anybody , but this book has disappointed me . There are many interesting stories , good teachings and insights , but I did n't enjoy reading it at all . Hafen 's grammar is sometimes quirky , and his use of quotations is often awkward . In addition , he goes off on completely unrelated tangents , telling stories , for example , about James E. Talmage playing golf . Finally , he ca n't tell his story in anything that resembles chronological order
 This is mediocre at best . I have read many works of Coulter 's , and this simply is not among her greater novels . The back plot detracted from the love story of James and Corrie , and I never got a sense for why Jason loved Judith . I admit , the ending was very nice and sad , but it was too obvious a set up for a sequel . I 'll read the sequel , of course , because I think Jason will prove to be the more compelling twin now that his heart has been broken already . My only disappointment is that James and Jessie Wyndham are going to be involved , apparently , and I hated the Valentine Legacy with a passion . Ugh . I just do n't like those Wyndhams . Especially the Duchess . I could have sworn I 'd scream if I read the word `` ditty '' one more time . Hopefully they wo n't figure too much into the novel . I guess my biggest complaint is that I wish I could have seen more of the romance developing and a more coherent back story . It was easy enough to see there was something shady about a certain handful of characters that I wo n't name so as to not spoil the novel for others , but it just left me flat . This was no Sherbrooke Bride or Scottish Bride . It was nice to see Alex and Douglas still happy together -- but I still believe they would have booted that old woman out of the house much sooner than that . This novel was a nice attempt and a decent way to kill some time on an airplane , but little more than that . I wanted more of the twins than what I had received .
 Coulter 's recent historical romances have been pretty half-hearted , when compared to her `` classics , '' but this was a true low point.This book , in short , has the flaws of her other work without any of the charms . These flaws include the strange , stilted dialogue which she seems to feel is endlessly witty -LRB- curses using animal parts , characters `` hitting each other over the head '' with zingers or suggestive asides , male characters insulting female characters ' intelligence based on their `` womens ' parts , '' etc. -RRB- as well as the strange tendency towards sexual violence that Coulter has always been drawn to . Many of her erotic scenes over the years have been , effectively , rapes and the love scene in Sherbrooke Twins is no exception . While a little excess passion once in a while can be interesting , a lot starts looking kind of dark and unhealthy . Why does Coulter think her reader wants her heroes to turn every wedding night into a scary , sticky , sore , demeaning experience for her heroines ? It 's 2004 -- it 's okay for female characters , even regency females , to enjoy sex right off the bat now ! They do n't have to get through a gauntlet of pain and humiliation first . They do n't have to get abused by hubby just so we can feel bad for them and then revel with them in hubby 's guilty and sincere apology -LRB- and his generous peace offering of belated foreplay and tender lovin ' -RRB- . I just do n't find that all that sexy time after time . In fact , I find it a little medieval and mysogynistic . Paging Dr. Freud!You 'll also find some overused Coulter phrases in this one , such as the infamous `` fat as a stoat . '' Catherine , a stoat is a weasel . A weasel is a relatively thin animal . Why must you use this expression in every novel ? Why the constant comparisons to animals in general ? And I have to say , though cat racing is cute , and I love cats , why bring it up in every , single book -- even when there is no actual cat racing of any kind taking place?Finally there is the problem that this book feels like both the Sherbrooke family annual Christmas letter `` Dahling made a 1480 on her SAT 's and Ryder got a big promotion at work ! ... '' and an infomercial for the next book -- we 're hardly interested in the characters of James and Corrie because they 're fairly one-dimensional and we learn relatively little about them due to the fact that we 're too busy wondering about Jason and worrying about our old friend Douglas . -LRB- And as it turns out , had Douglas ever had the opportunity to read any other Coulter regency , he could have figured out preeetty quickly who the `` mole '' in his household was -- to call the `` twist '' in this book unoriginal is no stretch . -RRB- That may , in fact , be the crux of the problem
 I suspect that Coulter 's next book will be simply spectacular . Indeed , when it comes out , I may even find myself glad to have read this book , as it seems mainly to consist in providing backstory for what comes next . In the meantime however , I am sadly disappointed . Coulter had the makings of a real winner here , but between bringing us up to date on the last generation of Sherbrookes and setting up one of the youngsters for a story of his own , the love story of James and Corrie as well as the developing relationship between Jason and Judith , is left with very little substance . I have to give Coulter credit , for the denoument of the mystery subplot takes one by complete surprise , and the interplay between Corrie and James , what there is of it , is charming and amusing . These together almost make the book worth a read . Almost that is ... but not quite .
 I genuinely enjoyed the story of Alexandra and Douglas Sherbrooke 's stormy relationship , and how the finally settled into a decent couple . So it came as a complete shock to find that the qualities that drew me to them -LRB- their tempestuousness , spark and vigor -RRB- were completely devoid in this novel . Their children were equally as tepid ; the only calling cards were their handsome good looks , which we were constantly reminded of . For every good Coulter book , there is an equally bad selection , and unfortunately this is one of the bad ones . On the plus side , it does set up the potential for a good Coulter book to come next .
 I 'm mad that Catherine Coulter actually put such a weak novel together.Don ' t waste your money buying it or waste your time borrowing it from anyone .
 I could n't believe how much I disliked this book . I gave it two stars just because Coulter is such a usually fine author . However , she missed the boat on this one . I read about 100 pages -LRB- or less -RRB- at the beginning and maybe about 30 pages at the end just to get my money 's worth .
 Let me start by saying that it was a challenge to keep reading this book . The first half was just awful but the second half made for an easier read . The main characters made me feel as if I was reading a teen novel . The twins especially James came across as a nineteen year old and Connie well , she acted like a spoiled twelve year old tomboy who never matured into a woman mentally . James practically raised her , really raised her and taught her about her body . The girl dogged his heals thirteen years to the point where he found her pathetic and childish . The girl was obsessed with James . It seemed like they only got together because they were compromised and they were comfortable with each other . It was remarked upon on several different occasions they were like brother and sister and how weird it might be on there wedding night . The whole romance to me was incestuous . As for James and Jason at age twenty-five , living at home with there parents instead of having there own place and becoming independent men . What was that about ? Maybe if they had moved away and came back five or more years later and saw the girl who 'd become a woman it would have been different . I agree that this by far the worst Catherine Coulter book I 've read .
 I 've only listened through the 3rd CD and I ca n't seem to get into the story . I do n't know yet if its the story line or Ms. Flosnik 's grating voice . But her voice interpretation for James , Jason and Douglas -LRB- and all the men -RRB- make them sound ridiculous . Ms. Flosnik -LRB- as well as all female readers -RRB- should not try to sound like men -- just read it straight . I think I 'd rather read this one . I do n't recommend the sound recording .
 This book was so boring . I was very , very disappointed . The relationship between the twin -LRB- what 's his name -RRB- and Corrie seemed almost incestuous . She was more like a kid sister to them . I never , ever saw the relationship and the passion grow or ignite between these two . Waste of time . Catherine Coulter played her readers with this mess . She could have had more respect for us than to put this book out there .
 This is the story of James and Jason Sherbrooke , loving twin sons of Alexandra/Douglas book . They are too beautiful by far ... and the reader certainly tires of hearing over and over how beautiful they are ... and are steering clear of the marriage trap . Suddenly they are involved in protecting their father from an assassin and everyone joins together to this goal . The story line is weak and for some reason the characters never really come alive . They 're `` nice guys '' and a nice family but the characters never grab you . The writing is very stiff and what little romance is in this is n't very inspiring . Certainly the 2 sex scenes are not impressive . Basically , do n't bother with this one . In fact I think I 'll be slower to pick out CC 's bks in the future .
 There is not much danger to Corriander -LRB- Corrie -RRB- , the love interest of the first-born twin . And not much show of possessiveness , jealousy , nor romance between the two . No sign of pain nor struggle when apart . Just a flat `` love '' story . And surprisingly , how it is titled , the Sherbrooke Twins , would suggest to readers that both the twins would find love . Unfortunately , only one does and its James . I think the author started out wrong with naming it the Sherbrooke twins and should have a book title more fitting for James and Corrie 's story and not get too focused on the part of the sons being twins .
 Well , I read it . Hated Corrie . Sure , she was brave -- or maybe just plain foolhardy and reckless ! James was rather flat and boring . Oh , yeah , he 's handsome , that 's all that matters , right ? No character development necessary if the hero 's handsome . Corrie was too cheeky , rather annoying most of the time . And the whole scene at the beginning with the hero spanking the heroine was a little scary . I understand why he did it , I wanted to slap her myself , but come on , the hero is supposed to sweep me off my feet , not make me step back with fear and loathing . Could have been a great read , but it was ... tedious . I love CC and usually buy anything she writes in the historical genre . This one , however , I had to force myself to finish . Gave up caring about Corrie and James halfway through , skimmed alot and just stuck with it to find out about the murder mystery . I 'd skip this one . The writing was trite , the dialogue confusing . I had to re-read the character tags just to figure out who was speaking at times , because after a while they all sounded alike , no distinctive voice . The men were just as chatty as the women , and it seemed like everyone just blurted out whatever idiotic thought happened to be in their head at the moment , no impulse control . I was thoroughly , and utterly disappointed that it took Douglas that long to stick up for his wife and demand that his mother show her respect . 27 years ! Douglas , Douglas , you disappoint me sorely .
 I have read all of her romance novels and have to say this is not her best . It is good in parts but others are n't worth reading . The ending was so sad that I cried for Jason and was so hoping for a better story for him in the next book in the Sherbrooke saga .
 I read the whole book waiting for it to get good . Too many storylines for such a short book . If Ms. Coulter wanted this to be an good book she would have been better off spending more time developing the relationships between the characters . Corrie is the only character that was adequately developed -LRB- note adequately development is just that merely adequately -RRB- You dont get the opportunity to feel the stresses and the emotions b/c you dont really understand the characters . Granted this is a mere romance novel and one shouldnt expect much . But this is definitly the worst book I 've ever read . I felt more emotion out of the stoic Edward Wilson in the Movie `` The Good Shepard '' Fortunately `` Jason '' was developed a little more towards the end to allow `` Lyons Gate '' to be a potentially decent Romance nove . I 'm definitly going to go read the reviews on it first before I waste my time , though .
 When I searched for the specific book that I wanted , this book popped up . It is a overall good book , but not what I need . I did ask the seller a question about it , but since they are a volume dealer , they could not answer my specific questions about it . I took a chance and lost out , suppose it is the fault of both parties , the buyer and seller . I wish sellers knew what they were selling : -RRB-
 This was a very difficult book to read for your average citizen who simply wants to read about the war on terror . The title is very misleading .
 I can appreciate the frustration National Guardmen have being labeled `` summer help '' , however , during war everyone has a job and everyone does their job . True , politics interferes with the job our soldiers were sent to do . But Beast 85 put themselves in unnecessary danger , and because they did not follow procedure , the Taliban leaders were released . I admire their courage . I am grateful they worked diligently to find these masters of death . I am dissappointed they felt they had to do so by putting themselves in danger with the result of these leaders being released . A wonderful story of adventure to be sure . But was the adventure inspired by an erroneous label placed on our national guardsmen , or too many chiefs and not enough indians ?
 The book was short on action and long on complaining about their treatment by the Army . I highly respect the men and women serving in the military , but if they wish to write a book about their experience , they should not overkill their complaining and stick to discussing what they indicated the book would be about .
 I picked up Hunting al Qaeda with great enthusiasm , and a couple hours later , by page 120 , I found myself struggling to merely continuing reading . The book , as other reviewers have alluded to , is chock full of the team members complaining about their role in Afghanistan . As reservists , they complained about the active duty Army 's acceptance of them -LRB- they made the choice to go down the ` part time ' road -RRB- , how they were hamstrung from winning the war by military bureaucracy , and their lack of combat . After a while , the self-congradulatory , woe-is-me style of writing really started to grate on my nerves and patience.I found absolutely laughable the team members ' being referred to by their first names only , the anonymous writing credit , and the photos with black boxes over their eyes . If you watch Discovery Times channel , these same soldiers participated in a documentary where the faces were shown and their civilian occupations listed . I 'm pretty sure , but may be wrong , that they were also featured on a 60 Minutes piece about civil affairs operations in Afghanistan.The book was an easy read , but the above mentioned items made it a difficult book to finish .
 My god ... I picked this book up hoping for a well written , informative , in depth , description and analysis of what our special forces are doing in Afghanistan ... What it seems to be is 200 + pages of griping , whining , and complaining about how a group of men did n't go out and get to kill people ... It is filled with repetetive descriptions of driving here there and everywhere ... more or less the book could have been boiled down to about 10 pages of relevent information and that would have sufficed ... would n't bother to waste your time ... you 'd be far better off rereading Black Hawk Down or the like ...
 If you read this book carefully , the authors of this book never fired a shot in combat . They deployed . They whined . They complained . They cheated their publisher and those who helped them put this book together out of money . But they really just sat around and did nothing.And the book ended up doing what it was predicted to do from the start . Nothing.Good riddance .
 This is a strange and imaginative book about an Earth woman from London who is sort-of abducted by cousins from another world . She is taken to a fairyland full of satyrs and giants and faerie-like humans , and finds herself caught in the middle of a war between those who live inside the magical mountain that is the source of the faerie beings ' immortality , and those who have been exiled to the outside.This book was written by the author when she was fourteen . They decided to publish it on the strength of her storytelling and her imagination ; it was n't on the strength of her writing , which is quite immature and often just plain ungrammatical . It takes a while for the story to go anywhere and there is a lot of irrelevant description , but there is an imaginative story and some sparkle of brilliance buried beneath the adolescent purple prose.I want to give it a higher rating , taking into account the fact that it was written by a fourteen-year-old , but objectively , it 's not a great fantasy novel and not really that original , and it 's marred by the poor writing . If I were judging it relative to , say , NaNoWriMo novels and other output from teenagers and amateurs , I 'd give it a higher rating , but compared with professional published fiction , it just does n't have that much to commend it aside from the novelty of having been written by a kid .
 I bought this book after I read Whatever Happened to Penny Candy , hoping to supplement our homeschool history program . I decided to read it first to my husband , a Lt Col in the USAF -LRB- with tactical experience in both Gulf Wars -RRB- , to see what he thought of it first . Honestly , we could n't finish it . While Richard Maybury brings out some good points about historical events - things you do n't hear often - he also leaves out a deal . He says up front he has a bias , but my husband considered the book biased to the point of dishonest propaganda - something Maybury says the US Government has used almost since day one . He 's entitled to his opinion , but his ideas about how the country should be run are simplistic to the point of absurdity , and , my husband says , completely unworkable in this day of airplanes , missiles , and dirty bombs.Maybury should stick to economics . I can not recommend this book .
 I will be the FIRST to rave all over Moore 's work on Vendetta , Watchmen and Batman . They are brilliant and redefined my world.But I tell you true that Promethea reads like someone who ca n't write trying hard to sound like Neil Gaiman while revamping an old superhero . Do n't waste your money on this one . Maybe once Alan has time to season the heroine .
 This first issue of Promethea is not as bad as my rating suggests but the further installments are so irritating that I found myself going back and re-reading the first one until I hated it as well . Not only is this a little too close , thematically speaking , to the sandman series , but it is also far to heavy handed on the descriptions of the immateria . After the first paragraph on this `` immateria '' as Moore calls it , I had gotten the point . But it goes on and on for pages -LRB- and continues into the second , and third volmes -RRB- , as if I were some dumb putz who could n't figure it out . The series is almost insulting . However the art is absolutely stunning , especially in volume three , but that is not enough to save the series in my mind . Sure it 's fun in parts , and mildly interesting as well , but all the heavy handed -LSB- stuff -RSB- about magic , and Crowely really got on my nerves after awhile . In retrospect I am very glad that Moore keeps his magic fetish out of League , and his other comics , or at least mostly out . If your into magic then this is a fantastic read , I 'm sure , but if you think of magic on earth as some kind of bad joke , steer clear of this ... , it might ruin your appreciation of Moore 's better comics .
 Readers who know Neil Gaiman 's Sandman universe will find a lot of familiar territory in the world of Promethea . Like the Sandman saga , we find a narrative set on the liminal landscape between the psychic realm and the material realm . Here we have the `` Immateria '' instead of the Dreaming . Also like the Sandman , the premise becomes a vehicle for exploring both worlds and their intersection . Unlike the Sandman , the chronicles of Promethea are flat , dry , two-dimensional , and predictable . A lot of superhero-style action will disappoint readers looking for the sophisticated antiheroes of Watchmen or the visionary storytelling of From Hell . I recommend that new Moore readers look to those works instead .
 I wanted to like this book , I really did . To be honest , I DO admire the cover page and artistic design . But I purchased this book envisioning it would be about the key question of ` putting pleasures back into work . ' It is instead a wide-ranging review of many different scattered theme related to work satisfaction and culture . I found it hard to identify the personal voice of the author and why he selected this subject area . To some , however , these drawbacks may not be a big concern . If so , then this book might be worth looking over .
 Very Shallow in content . No good direction i actual practice . Disjointed in writing style.I would not recommend this book .
 I bought this product along with the Radio , Retail cd as well . This particular item came unwrapped and I was afraid to use it in my computer . The radio retail version came wrapped up but when I opened it , there was no cd in there ! Very unhappy with this product !!! I thought Amazon had better products than this !
 I was very disappointed when I received my copy of the CD-Rom edition of The Industry Yellow Pages . First , the CD insert was very poorly printed to the point of being neary illegible . When I opened the case and removed the CD-Rom , I unhappily discovered that the label was not fully stuck on and the CD-Rom was actually a CDR . The whole thing looked to me like something very unprofessionally and shoddily home-made . Still , I reminded myself that what I had purchased it for was the information it contained and not its esthetic values . I went ahead and popped it in my computer and given its shabby appearance , I was hardly surprised when it did not function whatsoever . My system meets all the requirements for the CD . It simply was not properly made . I can not comment on the information the CD might contain , because I was never able to get that far . This item seemed far below Amazon 's usual standards and I can only say , thank goodness for their return policy !
 I bought all four of the books in this series . I found that the contacts are all mixed up ? For instance , in the `` Press '' section , there are Production Companies , Entertainment Companies , Studios etc. listed . I was hoping for the money I paid that it would be a bit more organized . Also , a lot of the data is out of date .
 Do not buy this book . It 's an outdated rant mostly directed against John Thompson -LRB- who has n't been the Georgetown basketball coach in 5 years -RRB- and Leo O'Donovan -LRB- who retired as University president 3 years ago -RRB- . This book does not even redeem its age by being funny . The jokes are unoriginal and dry . This book is one in a series of `` I Hate _______________ '' books . I swear they just change the names of people and places and use the same rants for every school . Not worth your time and money for this disappointment .
 I am an avid fan of all film in general and Japanese film in particular . I read a review of this book in the Japan Times and was excited by the nice things Donald Ritchie had to say about it . Apparently , he read a different book . This one is dry , dull , and reads like a jumped-up version of someone 's dissertation .
 A triumph of flimsy style over hollow substance . There is nothing of value in Markham 's book except for the fact that it is just one more addition to the increasing ahistoricism of new autoethnographic work in communication studies . The author contradicts herself with abandon and seems to be tranquilly unaware of the history of social studies of technology . The repositioning of self , testfied to so glibly in the text , is not explained with reference to anything other than the author 's own experience.How and why the self is positioned as such under modern capitalism and new technology is not a question that the book bothers to address . Surely theory-building in an academic discipline amounts to more than exploitative recounting of one 's own online experience . What of context ? What of theory ? What of accuracy ? If Markham 's book serves any purpose at all , it is to reduce academic research to tabloid-like investigative journalism . Some of us might be averse to such a move , but Markham clearly is not .
 book was flimsey and the price on the book was less than I paid pretty sure it was a used book whats up with that ?
 The artistry is delightful , but I do n't think I want my child to cherish a book where the mother often looks angry at the child and the child does n't do what he is supposed to do because he just did n't want to . I wanted a sweet story for my child to go to bed with . This is not that story .
 Nelson 's academic approach to the subject renders her treatment of exceptionally lively and fascinating subject matter dry , but fails to be insightful . Her style is pedestrian , sometimes pedantic . Jonathon Green 's ` All Dressed Up
 How can I review unless I have the item ? I do a lot of work with children in the arts , crafts , recycling , sharing , and enjoying differences in God 's garden
 We do n't all live by farmer 's markets or in big cities . Too many ingredients -LRB- some hard to find in many places -RRB- and too long preparation time for stressed out families . I 'm sorry Jamie , but I do n't have time when I come home from work to crack open a coconut and shred it for fixing a sallad which , by the way , my family wo n't like . The amount of fat , especially saturated fat in the recipes is astounding . Fine for once a week , but for everyday ? I was very disappointed in this cookbook , I 'm sorry to say .
 As a fan of the economic focus on institutions , I was excited to read one of Douglass North 's books . North is the founder of this school , it would seem , and won a Nobel for it.Unfortunately , North 's book has n't enough mathematics to satisfy those with a quantitative bent , nor enough elegance to captivate anyone . I had to put it down after 80 pages -LRB- of 140 or so -RRB- . I have n't felt like precious moments of my life were being lost so viciously since I last hurled Cryptonomicon across the room . I 'm told that I should read North 's papers rather than his books ; this seems wise.If you want to read books that refocus economics on institutions , I 'd strongly suggest starting with Bowles 's `` Microeconomics
 Very dissatisfied , simply i paid for a new book and recieved a used one . I do not recommend dealing with the seller .
 I bought this book hoping to find a narrative of the Navy Wife experience . Instead I found a book that was more like a guide to live a life just like the author 's . Jasa Bowser-Shaw continually uses the general `` we '' -LRB- women , navy wifes , etc. . . -RRB- instead of `` I '' when talking about her experiences . Because of this , as well as other techniques in her writing style , the reader is continually distanced from the author . It even feels like the author is distancing herself from her own life . There are very few examples of specific personal experiences with details and backgrounds . For instance on page 9 she comments
 It has been over a year ago I wrote a review for this book , now , I regret to say I was premature in my evaluation of Mr. Jean-Pierre Hourdebaight `` s Equine Massage . Since such time I have set out to acquire as much Equine Massage knowledge from a variety of Equine massage Professionals . I have learned that Mr. Hourdebaight 's education is sorely limited as is his experience . His technique is novice at best , and his ability to write and impart this limited knowledge , is less than adequate after reading numerous additional Equine Massage Therapy books , and getting volumes of useful information from Author 's other than , Jean Pierre Hourdebaigt.I thought I learned some things from this book , and unfortunately , wrote my glowing review based on my own beginner understanding of horse massage . Now , my educated grasp of Equine Massage gathered over the past year , has taught me a real grasp of how to help my horse , as opposed to Mr. Hourdebaigt `` s macro wash over approach , and wordy explanation and descriptions for technique 's that he does not have a firm understanding of doing or explaining . Once I re-read this book , I realized why I could not implement his suggestions . They were un-clear and repetitive . The information I have learned since from Authors , and hands on Therapist , have shown me why this book at first read as if I could use his material , but after trying over and over , and since working with Equine Massage Therapist , I have learned a tremendous amount of useful techniques.I regret having to write this review , but upon my acquisition of this new body of knowledge , I feel a responsibility to impart this information to all Equestrian 's , regardless if your horse is a pet , or a Grand Prix Horse , do n't put all your eggs in one basket with this book . My regrets .
 Darden Asbury Pyron has a rather dry style which made this a rather boring and long-winded read for me . He has done little but assemble historical facts and comments and package them up in his own uninspiring style - rather reminiscent of school history textbooks - and added a few of his own little presumptions and snide remarks about Liberace 's ambitions , achievements and lifestyle .
 Darden Asbury Pyron has a rather dry style which made this a rather boring and long-winded read for me . He has done little but assemble historical facts , comments and reports from the time , package them up in his own rather uninspiring style - rather reminiscent of school history textbooks - and add a few of his own little presumptions/subtly snide remarks about Liberace 's ambitions , achievements and lifestyle .
 Imagine Psalms minus the drama and soul-searching quandries . But in rhyming verse . I 'm not saying the book is bad . It may be that my soul just is n't old enough to see the value here . Each entry is very short . If you 're the sort of person who can comtemplate a single line of poetry , you may get a lot out of this . If you 're not , you can flip through this book in a single afternoon -LRB- but you probably wo n't -RRB- . Maybe I 'll appreciate this work later in life . Maybe not.I really like his book of `` Unspoken Sermons '' , though .
 Origionally , I was given this book in 1979 ; it is profound and awe inspiring in the faith provoking poetry that George Macdonald wrote - one 7 line poem/meditation for each day of the year.I boughtt this new book as a gift . However this edition is horrible in that it appears to have been pasted together , daily poems may be numbered at the bottom of one page and begin on the next . Or the day 's poem may be split between one page and the next . Several were mostly gibberish . Also there is no introduction , library of congress number or date of publication -LRB- or origional publication -RRB- to this edition.It is a mess !
 Unless you are brand new to issues of spirtuality , this book weill seem simplistic and unsatifying .
 Wolman teaches at Harvard University , and like many professors , peddles his books `` Thinking With Your Soul '' to his students . Unlike distinguished faculty , he avoids questions from us bright undergraduates who challenge him on pseudo-science nonsense from the book -- that which translates into using an entire class period to hand out Tarot cards and have us discuss what they tell about our lives . Tarot cards ? From a Harvard professor ? If any of us males in the class point out that Tarot cards are n't science , he simply shrugs . Perhaps some of the profits from the book could be used to pay us back for our tuition . And they say Cornel West was goofing off last year ? Yet there is a silver lining here
 Hofstadter makes many contentions that are , for lack of a better word , unsubstantiated . The theme of his book is that the American far right has historically been `` paranoid '' and that this paranoia has generally come out during periods of severe economic crises such as the Great Depression of early 20th Century and the late 1800s and during periods the country felt under serious external and internal threat -LRB- i.e. , during the early 1950s -RRB- . He cites facts that , to him , point out `` paranoia '' on the political scene . For example , he cited the views of many that U.N. black helicopters were roaming the skies of the U.S. during the 1960s . Unfortunately he provides little evidence that such views really are `` paranoid '' . With respect to the previously cited example of U.N. helicopters , he mocks congressional hearings that gathered evidence on the issue while not discussing the conclusioins reached by the commissions.All his views make , as the publishers of this book intend , the current -LRB- especially since the government and Obama induced economic crisis since 2008 -RRB- American right look paranoid . The book clearly has a politically ideological axe to grind . The publishers clearly intend to mock patriotic heroes that have clearly and strongly pointed out , on the basis of strong evidence , Obama 's questionanable U.S. citizenship and his Marxist-Leninist views . These views have all been documented in many books -LRB- many of which have been best sellers -RRB- such as : Gangster Government
 Thank goodness that 's over ! Ninety-nine percent of this story was about EVERYONE 's never-ending emotional problems and it went on and on . I do n't know if this story could have been saved by a psychiatrist ... or a good exorcist . It could have been an interesting plot
 A bland and sluggish 1988 effort from the usually dependable Delinsky.I found the main characters to be very one dimensional.One character in particular is extremely annoying and highly unlikable . I do n't thinkit was meant to come across that way.The plot had promise but in my reading experience it just did n't quite come together.Another character is a sexy-voiced disc jockey.If Heart of the Night was a radio station , you would be reaching for the knob well before the end of this song.I do n't like to be negative about authors I admire strongly , but the powerful narrative ofDelinsky is painfully missing here.Buy it half-price if you are a completist and must have allthe Delinsky 's .
 I would not recommend `` Which Way to the Vomitorium ? '' to anyone who is even remotely serious about the study of Latin . It contains too few phrases , and all of them are built with words found in any decent Latin dictionary . Do not be fooled by the subtitle `` Vernacular Latin for any Occasion '' into thinking that this book will give you any insight into what was common , spoken latin . If you are a teacher , you probably know just as many , if not more , off color sayings to interest your students than are in this book . And if you are a student , trust me , not one phrase in this book contains any word your Latin teacher would refuse to teach you !
 ... so S T O P ; do n't buy this book . It 's Junk . Anyone who 's been in the profession a while knows it because many of us received it as a Designer 's Book Club intro title in the late 80 's or early 90 's . It was n't worth the cost of its S&H ! Ask around to people in the profession and look it over first . I received mine while having just a few years of experience in practice . Initally excited and impressed with myself having identifed a clear technical error , my feelings quickly changed to surprise and then anger as I began to realize the whole book was packed w / errors and critical omissions . It was generally a frustratingly incompetent presentation with widely incomplete information on its proposed subjects . That the editors and publisher let this trash out , and were , I presume , making their livings with this level of incompetence was disheartening .
 This book is a fiasco . As a professional in commercial space planning for many years , I picked it up based on a ` glowing review ' . I find another few good ratings here on-line . The authors mother must be writing them , because no one who actually attempted to verify the faulty and incomplete information within , could ever see this tome as worth the paper upon which it is printed.One reviewer was accurate though ; it is n't a bad door stop .
 This book is out-of-date , poorly written , poorly organized , and a complete waste of one 's money , time , and effort . The graphics are inconsistent and poorly done , and it is a nightmare trying to make sense of technical information provided by Ms. Reznikoff.This reference has been eclipsed in light-years by Maryrose McGowan 's book `` Interior Design Graphic Standards '' , which is now considered THE reference book of choice and the Gold Standard in its class . Use your money wisely and opt to purchase McGowan 's publication instead of this one .
 overrall in ok condition . had some teeth marks on binding that seller did not add in description but did not effect the overrall quality of the book . the edition did not have the needed scale figures in the drawings and was unaware that there was more than 1 edition type . would have been nice to have more of a description before purchasing . pretty much what was described , since description was brief .
 I am a german III student , so I am quite proficient in german . I found this book absolutely horrid . The translation was helpful yes , but the stories themselves were grotesque . After reading two of the stories I gave up trying to read a decent story . This book is best used a table decoration rather than reading .
 With his marriage in trouble , lawyer Eric Ward has thrown himself into his job . He 's good at what he does but some of his current cases do n't look promising . The owners of a toxic waste dump are willing to talk settlement , but the leader of the neighborhood group Eric is representing wants revenge for his son 's illness . The muckraking dumpster-diver is holding out for vindication rather than the slap on the wrist that he could get . Finally , a newspaperman comes to him with rumors about insurance fraud involving the man Eric suspects has taken up with his wife . When one of his clients is killed and another suspected of the murder , Eric 's life gets more complicated in a hurry.Author Roy Lewis switches between Eric 's point of view and that of DCI Charlie Spate . Spate is working the cases for the police and hopes to pin something on a mobster who has his hands in both prostitution and drugs in the northern England city of Tyne . Spate has problems of his own -- having been drummed out of the Met and suffering from an acute case of lust for one of his female detectives . Neither man trusts the other and both insist on working the case from their own angles.THE NIGHTWALKER is an interesting mystery filled with characters with histories , pains , and goals that are certain to be frustrated . Unfortunately , Lewis does n't completely deliver on the potential of his characters or the story . Eric and Spate both seem too beaten by the world to fight back with all of their force -- and often seem to approach the mystery with that same attitude .
 This book is an interesting and original way of looking at Paul 's view of the Law , Israel , and Redemption through 2 Corinthians 3 . Hafemann 's thesis is that contrary to the traditional Protestant understanding of 2 Cor . 3 or the `` law/grace '' dichotomy , Paul wrote 2 Cor . 3 to tell the Corinthians that Israel could not obey the Mosaic Law and obtain salvation because their hearts were `` veiled '' or hardened . According to Hafemann , Paul did not oppose the Law , but opposed the Law without the Spirit . The reason why many Israelites throughout history were unregenerate is because they lack the Spirit to obey the law as it was meant to be . Many reject Christ and stumble because they want to pursue righteousness through the Law outside of Christ . However , the New Covenant does n't go against the Law or change it , but provides the Spirit to New Covenant believers so that they can fulfill the demands of the Law and be saved on the Last Judgment . The practical implications of the author 's thesis is alarming . This view downgrades the sacrificial work of Christ and undermines justification by faith alone . It is not surprising that Hafemann follows suit with his predecessor Peter Stuhlmacher . Stuhlmacher -LRB- who was taught by E. Kasemann -RRB- follows the `` forensic/transformative '' view of righteousness -LRB- as does Hafemann -RRB- , rather than the purely forensic view held by Luther , Calvin and the Reformers . The view held by Kasemann , Stuhlmacher , and Hafemann is a compromise between traditional Protestant and Roman Catholic soteriology . This is very dangerous and can undermine the Reformation . In many places throughout the book , Hafemann does indeed say that we must obey the Law in order to be saved on the Last Judgment . Traditional Protestants say that we are already justified in Christ and that our stand at the Last Judgment is for that truth to be ratified apart from our works -LRB- however , works do define what degree of glory we will possess in the future kingdom as in 1 Cor . 3:10 -15 -RRB- . Unfortunately , many within the `` Protestant/Evangelical '' tradition have been snared into this new view on Paul and justification . Recent works by Fuller and Garlington reveal where modern evangelicals are plummeting towards . Sola Fide is losing out these days because of these new trends . Also , Hafemann 's work is hard to read . Many people will have to pay close attention to every word the author uses to understand what he is trying to say . This book is more geared towards seminarians doing their doctoral thesis . Finally , I would also suggest that people learn Biblical Greek and modern German before reading this book .
 This book was some what imformative , however lacking in accurate statements . Author made various assumptions with nothing to base them on . However it was well written . The few gems of correct info that he did provide were excellent . Though I do n't agree with the portrayal of witches in the book , I would recommend reading this for FUN do not take anything he says as the truth and nothing but the truth .
 The solutions are great , if only they worked in real life and not in theory ! . The Auto Deploy just does n't work -LRB- returns an error that there is not information for ! -RRB- and the Application Settings writer is great in theory but in reality its easier to use the registry setting to achieve and easier to implement the result in a large scale development ... Conclusion ... do n't waste your money ...
 I wish there was a return policy . The book covered a lot of material but there was n't anything new to learn from it . You would be better off spending your money on a . NET magazine subscription . Anything that was written in this book can be found on the web and wo n't cost you anything .
 i want to view it for my project !
 Just read some of the old testament to get an idea of god 's `` everlasting love '' . There you will see that god is much worse than his buddy satan .
 I wasnt a big fan of this book . it didnt keep my attention very well . the entire book i was i little dazed.This book was a short novel about a man who was basically two men . First it starts out you hearing about a stange man who nobody had a good fealing about . People had heard bad things about this man and some had eye wittnessing experiences with this man his name was Mr Hyde . Mr Hyde was always seen going into Dr. Jekylls house and no one new why one day Detective Utterson decided to investigate for he was a very good friend of Dr Jekyll . Dr. Jekyll was a very rich man he lived in a very big house with cooks and servents . One day Detective Utterson decided to go and question Dr. Jekell . The real reason he went to talk to Dr. Jekyll was abou this will it gave everything he owned to Mr. Hyde . Detective Utterson wanted to know why he was a good friend of Dr. Jekylls and had never met only heard o this Mr. Hyde . When Detective Utterson spoke to Dr. Jekyll he assured him everything was alright and that he wanted Mr. Hyde to get everything . when Detective Utterson pushed more to know what was going on and why he was doing this Dr. Jekyll became angry and didnt want to talk about it any more and invited Detective Utterson to leave his house . Detective utterson did to later find out that late that night Mr. Hyde killed a man . As soon as he found out what had happened he went to talk to Dr. Jekell . Dr. Jekyll sad Detective Utterson and assured him that he had no more contact with Mr. Hyde . Detective Utterson accepted that and he left . Later Detective Utterson said that he saw a diffrence in Dr. Jekyll he was a happier better person . a few months later he had announced that he was going to die and that he didnt want any visitors to see him in such a state of life . Detective Utterson decided that that was not an excuse so Detective Utterson went over to see Dr. Jekyll . When he got there he was denied and nobody would let him see Dr. Jekyll . When he was just about to leave Dr. Jekyll pulled him aside and he said that is not my Master Dr. Jekyll that man is who i belive to be Mr. Hyde . Detective Utterson did some investigating and found the man to indeed be Mr. Hyde now there only problem was that they needed to catch him . they did and to there horror they discovered it to be DR. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde for indeed they were the same man . As the real Dr. Jekyll was explaining this he said he had made a concouction that made men turn into a new man . Dr Jekyll went on to explain how it happened . again i say that i did not enjoy this book and personally do not know how it came to be a classic .
 This cheap Tor edition features a useless introduction by Charles Grant and an even more useless afterword by same . Other than that , it 's just the bare text without any footnotes or annotations of any kind .
 I read the book for a class assignment and was bored to sleep . The plot was interesting but it was too drawn out .
 This publication has long since been public domain and unless you are purrchasing this for a good cause , you are wasting your money . If you want this publication FOR FREE , kindleclassics.org is a good place to get it . The formating is very easy to read -LRB- unlike this particular copy , as it does n't have any quotation marks at all -RRB- . The only disadvantage with using kindleclassics.org is you have to connect your kindle to your computer in order to get them on your kindle , but it 's a very easy plug and play operation .
 I admire the actual story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde as well as the personal history and other works of Robert Louis Stevenson.This afterword , however , of Jerome Charyn 's is almost more than I can bear.I 'll be frank . Is this an afterword with supposed insightful information into the nuances of the story , and or the writer/period/genre , or a freakin book report . Kids , if you 're buying this book for class , get this edition and do n't even bother reading the actual story if you 're not interested . Skip to the very back and you 'll find all the multi-paragraph quotes you can handle , as well as rambling general encyclopaedic info on Robert Louis Stevenson.I think I wrote an `` essay '' exactly like this as a freshman in highschool english class and received a C for lack of creativity and effort . That 's not exactly a compliment for you Mr. Charyn .
 Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a very unique book . It was hard for me to get interested in it because in the beginning it was kind of confusing . As th book goes on it pieces itself together and starts making since . I did n't really enjoy Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde because it was n't the kind of book I would usually read . Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde would be a great book for people who enjoy science fiction , confusing books , and like jumping from different character 's points of view . I would probably have liked the book more if it did n't jump from the different points of view and different subjects so much . The part of the bookkk I dislliked the most was the last chapter when Dr. Jekyll was telling the storyy in his point of view . The best part of the book was in the middle whenn everything started piecing itself together and making since to me . Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was an okay book for me , but I could n't really get interesssted in it . If you like to read science fiction yoou should probably take the chance and reaad the book . I hope that the other people who read this book find it more enjoyable that I did . Good Luck !!!
 This book was boring for me , but I think I may enjoy it a bit more when I am older . I read it because it was the same author as had done Treasure Island , which I thought was brilliant .
 I suppose I have been spoiled by the theatrical version . Typically the written version includes so much more detail . In this case it was the opposite .
 Robert Louis Stevenson portrays every man 's double character and how one chooses who he is in this mysterious and full of suspense story in which we see enfold the urge to know who Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde are . We see the whole mishaps through the mind and point of view of Mr. Utterson , who is a lawyer and respected friend of Jekyll . His curiosity leads into getting himself involved on the strange transformation his good friend is suffering of , and after a murder , the itch to know intensifies as Utterson decides to end all the mystery for once and for all . To do this , he counts with the help of Dr. Lanyon , another of Jekyll 's good friends and Mr. Poole , Jekyll 's butler.Set in London , England , around the 1870 's , Stevenson describes the city , buildings and people as if they were real and the reader becomes Mr. Utterson and can actually see all the things he sees as the reader becomes another character in the story , following the prying of men to know everything.Stevenson writes in a captivating matter and is always up to the idea of describing thoroughly the environment in which the plot unfolds right at the most anticipated moments of the story.The characters were real and credible , some may even be compared to people on our own lives , but I found that the whole plot was a slow going at the beginning and came as an intense rush towards the end.On the other hand , there seemed too much suspense on the story for such a short and simple explanation . Since this story is very old and famous , the book can not be much appreciated since almost everyone knows what is known to happen to Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde by either word of mouth , by watching movies or by others that also refer to this book and situation which lowers the reader 's itch to know the solution to the plot.A double personality everyone has , in which one should be chosen over the other . This seems as looking everything in black and white , when most of the things and people are grey . There is always the constant struggle of choosing whether the good or bad option which we know clearly , but a bad one amidst a million good does not convert you into your evil self . The book also portrays that once you turn evil ; you can not go back , which in a way I agree on since the guilt of the malicious things done would be a too great burden for an innocent person to live with . Still , being positive minded , I 'd like to believe it 's never too late to change , and that without the need of potions , only through determination , Jekyll could have found an inner strength to suppress his evil side and transform back into himself , which is what many people have proven to be able to do these days.Jekyll is a wealthy man from a respectable family . He finds the need to divide himself into two sides to be able to do the things he wishes to do without damaging or ruining his reputation . To do this , he uses a potion he created that divides his evil and good side and created Mr. Edwards Hyde , whose name could be a symbol to J 's living style in which he feels suppressed and hidden . To do all this he does take precautions such as selecting Hyde as his inheritor , letting his household keepers that Hyde is allowed , writing a letter explaining all , being all secretive ... but he did not expect his supplies to run over or his `` evil side '' to overrule him , which later results in Hyde killing himself . I believed the story had a greater potential and could have been more developed .
 The book , The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde has a great plot , but it could be written better . Also , the book is somewhat hard to understand because it is written in an older form of English . The author , Robert Louis Stevenson , does however do a good job of describing the setting . The story takes place in the late 1800 's in London , England .
 waste of time and energy to order ... took way tooooo long to come . i went and bought it at barnes and noble . my child 's assignment was due the day it was delivered .
 I ordered extra copies of this book to give as gifts , but they all arrived with some damage , some with a lot of damage . I kept two with the least amount of damage . It feels more like a problem with the publisher rather than Amazon .
 Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is one of a kind . I could not get very interested in the book because I am not in to science fiction novels . Another reason I did not enjoy it is because it was kind of scary with all of the killilng and evil . It did have a plot that could keep a readers attention , but it was too evil to keep it very long . Personally I did not take very well to the fact that that the evil side was brought out in such a good man . I do not recommend reading Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde unless you enjoy mystery and science fiction .
 Robert Louis Stevenson 's Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was a disappointing , unstimulating , and over-graphic story . At times it was too pictorial and at others they will change things up and no one will say or revealed a thing to save some rich man 's secrete background from coming to the light . The entire plot of the book is revealed in the first twenty pages . Everyone has heard parts of the book . People know Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde are the same man . They know he drinks a potion and changes . They know one is good and the other is evil . Everything is known before you even read the book . I half way expected Hyde to be huge and beast-like similarly to the way he is seen in comic books and even movies . That part was disappointing . The fact that the book jumps from one perspective to the next and the story is simply retold from another point of view . It is simply not a good book . There is a lesson in this . If your wife tells you a book is bad and you burn the original chances are the second is going to stink just as bad .
 Do n't remember getting this . Good book regardless . Guess it was from a mobile app . Anyways I do recommend it still . Enjoy
 This book was a dull book to read ! After reading the first page and a half I stopped . I could ` nt stand the notion of reading that stuff for so many pages . I gave it two stars because I 'm sure its a classic and all that stuff . Save some time and money and read something from this century !
 Ok , so I like a good mystery/creepy story . I 'm normally a big fan of those kind of books and I really like this guys books also . But really , I think that this guy should stick to kids books . He is totally incapable of writing anything creepy or mystery ~ like . This book is lame and poorly written . I was looking for something creepy and fun and this was NOT.Enough said ...
 I was VERY disappointed with this purchase . The cover you see on this site is NOT the cover that was sent . I choose this item because I wanted this plain cover . Not what came .
 We were always told in school to read the classics ... and so , having embarked on an attempt to do this , I find it very uninspiring . Just as interesting as Dostoyevsky 's Crime and Punishment , Stevenson 's Jekyll and Hyde novel is both unexciting and a waste of time . Maybe the modern day media has dullened my senses , maybe I have become anaesthetized to the twists and turns of this timeless classic . Then again , maybe it is hugely overrated by literature readers who get their cues from the 1940 's .
 This book was a MAJOR DISSAPOINTMENT . I would strongly advise AGAINST reading it . I thought it would be suspensful , or at least interesting , but sadly it was just a bad book.The story holds no suspense -- the explaination of Dr.Jekyll 's antics is handed to you on a silver platter -- no mystery , no surprise , just boredom . The author , in the beginning , gets the reader interested , but the ultimate piece in the whole mysterious puzzle is downright stupid.The language was annoying , too . I respect that the book was written many years ago , but the way the characters rambled ON AND ON and never got to the point was downright obnoxious . I only read the book because I needed to for school . It was almost torture to read the constant whining and complaining of Dr. Jekyll , which , by the way , went on for 13 pages straight.I was totally let down by the simplicity and stupidity of the book . A classic shmassic . It was a horrible , badly written book with a flimsy plot line . To any person who wants to read it simply because it 's famous , they 're in for a real shocker . And if anyone says it 's a good book , three words
 I did not like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde because it took too long to get to the plot . There was a lot of talking , but did not go into full detail of how he became Mr. Hyde . The author would even go back in time to things that had nothing to do with the story line . When I think of Mr. Hyde , I think of more chase scenes and anger . I also think of more scenes of Dr. Jekyll in his laboratory . The ending was also kind of plain and boring ; I like endings that give me closure or an ending that hints of a second book.Older people who like old British novels would like this book because older novels were written in the same form . People who have a lot of time on their hands would like this book ; it takes a long time to read it . People who read a lot and do not get bored by a slow book and do not fall asleep could read this book . British Literature majors would also like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde because of the style of writing . If you get bored really easily and can fall asleep reading ; then you should read this book .
 It was good for the most part but it needed more action ! I 'm like sitting there not bed and reading the book and it was good got through the first 2 chapters then it got boring but this is just my opinion !
 this book is not bad but i did n't really like it ... the book is pretty confusing it has twists and turns and you do n't know what your reading anymore . . altogether it was n't horrible though ... if you are older you will probably like the book because you will be able to understand it but its not very interesting .
 Finally a scary book that I enjoyed . It was full mystery and exitment . You have to read this book . I just loved it .
 IT WAS ONE OF THE CONFUSING , MIXED UP BOOKS I HAVE EVER READ
 Trying recently to read this book , I was struck by how terrible it is . Stevenson 's non-fiction - mostly travel writings - is very well-written , but his fiction s * cks . THe story begins with a scene which is utterly false and impossible to picture
 I WAS CONFUSED THROUGHOUT THE BOOK AND FELL ASLEEP.......ZZZZZZZZ-MYSTIKAL92 -
 So I am sixteen -LRB- writing this review under my Mom 's account -RRB- and I have been trying to read this book , but i just can not get past page 19 . For me and maybe some others as well am having a hard time getting this book and no its not because I 'm slow or do not read often -LRB- I love to read -RRB- , but because i did n't have the patients to keep re-reading to understand what is going on in the book !
 I did not receive this item . The other item I ordered was shipped separately and it was received , but this one was not . What a ripoff .
 I HATE this book I love to read but this book was a bore and donot read it I have never read a book as bad as this one and this book is also stupid it is a book you put down you will never pick up . And I was told I would love this book if you are ready to press the buy button for this book do n't read Jeffery Archer insted
 The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. HydeBy
 In the commencement Mr. Utterson and his cousin Mr. Richard Enfield were walking throughout London . The men go by a mysterious cellar door , and then Mr. Enfield talked about a story that ensue here previously . Also later in the book Utterson work to help Dr. Jekyll from being brung into the ghastly tribulations of Mr. Hydes . One year later , Edward Hyde viciously murders Sir Danvers Carew by thrashing him to death with a cane.I did not like this book because it was a high level booklover so I could not concentrate . I 'd propose this book for high scholar for that reason , and if you 're a person who reads allot . The genre was good because it was sci-fi and it seems sci-fi is a little more addicting . The author is a pretty well known writer his name is Robert Louis Stevenson .
 Please , it is exagerated to think this book is a classic , such a opinion is too restrict and reflects a readers too simple meaning of life .
 This is one of the hardest and boring books in life ! It deals with strict men of Science , for instance , Dr. Hastie Lanyon . This book , like the Invisible Man , is a novel that has WAY too many details and should be strictly enforced not to be read . Who wants to read a book about science-fiction and not to mention the cuss words on every page ? Who likes minor details around every corner . But , I must admit , there are fabulous descriptions of the characters and them themselves are quite interesting ! But , this book is not good .
 The print in the Dover Thrift Edition is half the size of a normal paperback . I find it very difficult to read
 not a kindle fan . downloaded because it was free . didnt redownload the app on my new phone and anyways , this was all messed up , pages not in order .
 This classic tale by Robert Louis Stevenson has been read by people all over the world . I found the book extremly hard to understand . It is written in an old english style and jumps around alot . It goes from describing a scene of one thing and then jumps to another topic completely . I thought this was an ok book for it 's time but is too confusing for the modern day passive reader .
 This was a big waste of time no a great read just the same boring stuff i weould not read this book again .
 I ca n't accurately rate this bc it would NOT open up on my kindle app . So , sorry . books usually open fine on it , so IDK .
 If you are an educator , and would like to continue calling yourself such , please do not make your students buy this book and waste their time.The perspectives , documentation , and references are completely out of date with this text . The internet proceeds at such a fast pace , that much of this is left behind and out of sight.For heaven 's sake , the thing mentions Gopher and Netscape ! By mentioning Netscape , I mean that many of the illustrations are in fact , from a Netscape Browser window.Very very sad.Very Very Useless .
 because Mom and the Talmud always say that if one only has loshon hora to say it is better to not say anything at all . However , this book was a huge disappointment.After reading Chief Culprit
 Stalin accomplished such a lot , that his confounded enemies desparately resort to all kinds of `` sci-fi '' type nonsense and weave all sorts of slanderous conjecture to try to turn the tables on his memory . And sadly , in this modern age of plenty , where idle and jaded young minds crave something fantastic , credulous fools drink it all in . This book is one such offering .
 Though this book received several awards for biography , and mentioned as `` first rate biography ' by the New York Times I ca n't agree . I indeed purchased Mr. Delbanco 's 2006 work looking forward to reading a first rate biography on this great writer.Instead , what I got was a long tome with complex and highly subjective psychoanalytical criticism about the Melville canon . I read little about his life , somewhat more about his times and world , and by far more about Mr. Delbanco 's parsing the root behavioral causality of Melville 's creations.It was , indeed , aptly pointed out by Mr. Delbanco that Melville left a light biographical record ; hence , it is difficult for the scholar to research his life at depth . Actually , a book that is by-in-large just biography would be much shorter than this work 's 325 pages of text.So there are gaps that raise constructive temptations for the scholar . As one of my graduate professors once said about a project paper , `` I see some very heavy carpentry going on in this work . `` And throughout Delbanco 's book , there is , in my view , some heavy carpentry that is conspicuously top heavy . He does this often in Melville . Worse yet , he seemed to be primarily of the Freudian persuasion , and once that takes hold of a critic 's soul , it can get very wild . There are few sexual spins that Mr. Delbanco 's avoids . On the contrary , each of Melville 's works is thoroughly soaked in this dubious vat.In presenting the historical and sociological context , Mr. Delbanco 's does good work , but it could have been better . Since Melville 's foundational works were so tied to the South Seas and Polynesia , I thought he might have shown a more accurate historical light on it , but he did not.By the time Melville came upon the scene , contact was nearly a century old . Depopulation was more than halfway there . The expatriate Polynesians that populated the pages of Richard Henry Dana 's Two Years Before the Mast were an accurate account of the time , and Dana 's travels preceded Melville 's . The Marquesas , one of the root sources for Hawaii 's Polynesian people , preceded Hawaii regards the travails of contact . Fact is , Typee was and remains entirely a work of fiction by a young , ambitious writer bent on writing a successful work , and he succeeded . Nothing wrong with that -- and as a writer of fiction , I can relate to it absolutely.All the spins and conjectures regards Melville 's romping with Polynesian beauties with white , flashing teeth made good fiction but bad scholarship . To see a scholarly spin off on these popular myths regards serious textual issues - well , that is not impressive . By 1800 , there were n't many white , gleaming teeth in Polynesia , nor , sadly , clear skins.It was far more interesting -- if you did have to get serious about psychological elements regards Melville -- why he would write positively -- even reinforcingly -- about carefree sexual license . Then , after returning home , he married into such a hidebound , uptight New England tradition . As Mr. Delbanco pointed out , in this culture even anatomical structures -LRB- e.g. legs , waists , etc. -RRB- were n't considered mentionable in mixed company.One can not feature Mr. and Mrs. New Englander chasing each other around from window seat to window seat during major sexual frolicking . For one thing was absolutely true about Polynesian culture , it was vigorous and sensual , regardless of health issues.So , if you get this book understand what lies ahead of you . Herman Melville was a creative power of such wide scope and magnitude , that Mr. Delbanco 's efforts fall way short of doing him justice .
 This book has good information however the arthur referrences other commentators too much which is a destraction for the reader from the main points of the book . Also , this book needs to be more simplified ... enough that even a 10 year old can understand it as a new Christian .
 I do n't really care for this book , the puppet is too small for my hands , also the story is kind of short and boring . Elmo is great but the price of this book is not justified . Buy a puppet and a book , do n't get this `` puppet-book ''
 While the book was fun and exciting for my child , the actual book was torn to shreds . The quality did not meet expectations .
 Before getting my pets , I have looked up information on the internet and got a pretty good understanding , but I wanted a book as a handy reference . This book was rather disappointing because it doesnot offer much more than the internet
 Ignatiev further reveals his hate for anyone of European background . See his insane book , `` Race Traitor '' , for the twisted worldview of this nutty Harvard Professor.The best review here came from Mr. Sheehan of San Francisco . Those positive reviewers need to look at either their own bizarre white guilt , or their racist anti-Irish , and in a larger sense anti-white stereotypes they have exposed in their reviews . Ignatiev must not be allowed to spread his filth . Intellectual discourse is fantastic , but when it is merely anti-white racism disguised as critical thought , that 's strictly another.This book has no place in ANY classroom , neither does its author .
 This book is misleading.According to geneticist Cavalli-Sforza 's research , the genetic distance between Anglo-Saxons and the Irish is less than 1 . They are extremely closely related . Both northern Celtic and Germanic tribes had been closely related for a very long time . Contrast this relatedness , for example , to people who are not related . The genetic distance separating the English from the Japanese is 59 . The genetic distance of the English from Sub-Saharan blacks is 109 . I think you get the picture.Ignatiev is unreliable as a `` scholar . '' This is the same author who once said
 I picked up this book hoping to have a better understanding of the Irish past , and all I got was a racist slant on an otherwise abused people . It is sad that even in the modern day the Irish must still deal with racist garbage like this . Mr. Ignatiev should try reading more on the Irish before writing a book of half-truths and presumptions .
 The most ironic thing about this book is that the author creates his own racial construct - the Irish , so he can prove that they are respsonsible for all the racial ills of today . The book would be comical if the author was n't so serious .
 Taking Ignatiev seriously will only anger you . Here is another Harvard professor trying to cause controversy and media for himself . Mr. Ignatiev attacks the Irish and blames them for the ills of the black man and pretty much calls them cowards for turning what he calls `` White '' , His use of arcane 18th century material fails to grasp the Irish in there true immigrant form ; for that we need to study the 1840 's and the Irish genocide . Save your money and do not line the pockets of an Irish Hater.ERIN GO BRAGH !!!
 Ahhh this book was incredible hard to read i was like eh ? wait what ?! WHAT !? I dont get it . its a difficult book too read very very dry . It has no story behind the history its like a very long long essay . I did not like it but was forced to read it for a class . Very boring good book if you want to fall asleep . I never got any of the information I mean i didnt really LEARN anything by reading this book . It 's a darn shame that the author was not able to make the book appealing interesting and educational in the same time . But alas this is a text book .
 I do n't think their is much to add to my title , other than this is just more lunacy from the same hatemonger who wrote `` race traitor ''
 Blame a victim anyone ? I will say nothing about the author 's motives . Perhaps this one will be posted . Posted on 5-12-07 .
 I read this book with great anticipation . I am a student of Irish American history and this book stood out as one that had great potential , but never really got off the ground . Ignatiev , in my opinion , never got to his point . The book rambled on about fire fighters and Philadelphia but never equated how this made the Irish `` white . '' It really more argued about how Irish and Blacks lived together for a long time and then all of a sudden the Irish started to hate Blacks -- but never went into any detail about why or how ; instead it talked about Irish labor strikes -- against other whites -- and the political career of an opportunistic Irish politician/fireman . The book also glazed over the St Patrick 's Brigade in Mexico and never mentioned anything about the role the Irish played in the Civil War , national elections , or the draft riots . This study is not `` path breaking '' as the back cover says but is instead incomplete at best . Shannon 's `` The American Irish '' is a more complete and better told story .
 Noel Ignatiev . How the Irish Became WhiteIgnatiev &#65533; s stated purpose , in the broadest sense , in writing this work , was an attempt to examine immigrant assimilation and the evolution of an American working class . On a narrower level he sought to divine why the Irish Catholics , an oppressed race in their own land , became part of an oppressor race in the United States . His thesis is that the Irish immigrant made a conscious decision to adopt Anglo-Saxon racism in order to gain a foot up in a competitive society -- to the disadvantage of Afro-Americans and the frustration of the formation of a united working class in America . He failed in his attempt on both accounts.Eric Foner is a Marxist historian . Ignatiev is a wannabe . Foner marshals his evidence , ignores the irrelevant , and analyses the meaningful from a leftist prospective . Ignatiev amasses a great deal of stuff , is unable to cull the meaningless and , without any sense of organization , tries to cram the results into his fevered preconceptions of racial relations in the nineteenth century . The result would be comical if in doing so he had not slandered an oppressed people striving to enter the American working class against all odds . &#65533; Ignatiev created a racial construct -- the Irish &#65533; that fails to account for the substantial differences and interests between the Irish in America and those in Ireland , between Irish-Americans and native-born Irish , and between Irish Catholics and Irish Protestants . Much of Ignatiev &#65533; s evidence relates to events prior to the Great Famine and the mass migration of destitute Irish Catholics to America . The net effect of this conglomeration is to obscure and to trivialize the struggle of Irish Catholics to climb out of the depths of poverty while burdening them with the racial and religious bigotry of their former oppressors . He criticizes the Irish for not taking up the abolitionist cause and labels them as racists for their failure to do so . Ignatiev seems unaware that a substantial number of abolitionists were white supremacists who believed that the superior Anglo-Saxon race abased itself by enslaving the inferior black race . It never occurred to Ignatiev that the apparent indifference of the Irish immigrants to slavery was not motivated by racism but that these people , engaged in a hand to mouth struggle for survival , were trying to avoid the stigma of &#65533; No Irish Need Apply . &#65533; &#65533; Ignatiev &#65533; s publisher makes the claim that the author reveals &#65533; how the Irish used labor unions , the Catholic Church and the Democratic party to help gain and secure their newly found place in the White Republic . &#65533; This assertion raises the question of whether or not the publisher ever read this work for there is not one reference to the Catholic Church and its myriad institutions of charity and education which the Irish Catholics both established and exploited in order to raise themselves from poverty to membership in the working class and beyond . &#65533; It is said that the empty drum resonates the loudest . Ignatiev at every opportunity , in this work and elsewhere , proclaims his abhorrence for racism . Racism , that is , as demonstrated by others . Indeed he is so busy berating others he fails to note the mote in his own eye . Witness Ignatiev &#65533; s stereotyping of the Irish . Huck-Finn must have been Irish because his father was the town drunk . -LSB- p. 58 . -RSB- Witness Ignatiev &#65533; s belittling of the contribution of Irish born volunteers fighting for the Union in the Civil War . &#65533; The number of Irish who took part in the -LSB- New York draft -RSB- riots was not less than the number who wore the blue uniform . &#65533; -LSB- p. 88 . -RSB- According to official records more than one hundred thousand native born Irish fought for the North in that war , thousands of whom died in combat . According to Iver Bernstein in The New York City Draft Riots , a source favorably cited by Ignatiev , there was far fewer people engaged in those riots , Irish immigrants , German immigrants and native-born Americans combined . &#65533; In summation the book fails both as a work of history and social commentary . It adds nothing , save confusion , to what Theodore W. Allen had already written in 1994 , about Irish Catholic immigrants in the final two chapters of his work The Invention of the White Race .
 Since Michael Sheehan 's review here brings up the problem of Ignatiev 's stereotyping and his generalizations I wo n't go into detail on Ignatiev 's thesis , which was written as a doctoral dissertation at Harvard and made into a book.That many Irish intermarried with Native Americans , with African Americans , that many fought with the Union to abolish slavery , that many lived in the same neighborhoods with blacks , that blacks and whites worked together to form trade unions in the north , remain indisputable facts independent of Ignatiev 's historical theorizing and stereotyping . Ignatiev seems to have fallen for some of the same anti-Irish trope used by the ruling class in England and in the US against the Irish . An example : Irish immigrants worked as labor organizers for safe and equitable conditions in the Pennsylvania coalfields in the 19th century . In 1877 , 20 of them were hanged on trumped up charges of murder by Franklin Gowen , president of the Reading RR and Coal Co. . They were called `` Molly Maguires '' -- a term of very dubious history . Gowen used it repeatedly to frighten the population and warn against reprisals that would surely come after the alleged `` Mollies '' were executed . Of course , `` reprisals ' by `` Molly Maguires '' never materialized as they were mainly part of a fiction invented by Gowen and repeated in the major newspapers of the day . A good union-busting tactic that succeeded.But a century later the executed men were exonerated when Pennnysylvia 's Governor Shapp pardoned John Kehoe , their suppposed leader . This fact is commonly ignored . And so defamation in the form of a myth about the Irish union organizers called the `` murderous '' `` Molly Maguires '' continues to grow with some recent books even building on and extending propaganda that originated with the mine owners over a hundred years ago.Sloppy reasoning and scholarship like Ignatiev 's have given a greater platform for books that enlarge on older cultural and ethnic stereotypes about Irish union organizers and the Irish in the US .
 Im always struck by how ignorant academia is of race , class , and ethnic relations in America . Although it is true the Irish suffered for centuries under English -LRB- British -RRB- rule and were treated horribly in America , intermarriage and cultural similarities probably had more to do with their integration into WASP society than a concerted , organized effort to keep blacks down . Just as the Irish were blamed for all sorts of social ills in the 19th Century
 Says person above
 The author fails to provide a coherent narrative for his thesis . He gets bogged down in extraneous detail , but fails to provide the context the reader needs to understand the subject .
 Let 's get this straight ; arriving in America in the midst of a civil war , and finding themselves in the states that were fighting to abolish slavery , Irish immigrants decided to ingratiate themselves with the ruling elite by attacking Blacks ? Using Ignatiev 's logic , if these immigrants had landed in the South they would have sought to assimilate with the locals by flocking to the cause of abolitionism . That 's almost as brilliant as Daniel Jonah Goldhagen 's conclusion that the lack of evidence of anti-Semitism in medieval Germany , shows that anti-Semitism was so widespread that no one even bothered to mention it . If Irish catholic immigrants had really wanted to ingratiate themselves with the Anglo population they would have embraced the draft and converted to Protestantism . Perhaps understandably , Irish peasants fresh from the boat had a slight aversion to facing the half-crazed Scots-Irish soldiers of the Confederacy . To make the point crystal clear they inaugurated a pogrom against the ethnic group they were being enlisted to manumit . The fact that Noel Ignatiev can claim that these attacks were part of a covert conspiracy to rehabilitate the Irish in the eyes of Wasps , says more about his obsession with race than it does about his powers of deductive logic . I expect that when Ignatiev is not calling for the destruction of the White race , he spends his time searching for `` The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Erin '' . Real historians know that the Irish assimilated into the American mainstream by embarking upon a behavioural reformation inspired by charismatic leader John `` Dagger '' Hughes . If Black America had more Dagger Hughes and fewer Al Sharptons maybe Noel Ignatiev would be looking for a job ?
 While he choses an eye-catching title , his book is actually a history of the Irish in Philadelphia . This history conveniently touches on issues of ethnicity on occasion , but it 's clearly not his original subject . -LRB- Though I bet he chose this title to make more money , which he probably is , given the hysterics being written in reviews here -RRB- . If you 're really looking for a book on this topic , I would recommend reading his afterward and trying a few of the books listed there .
 Apparently the Irish are now to balme for racism against blacks and their inability to assimilate into the white race ... ya right.The author has taken liberty in jumping to conclusions from scrapes of references as well as ignoring the Irish plight . The genocide of the Irish at the hands of the English is no where to be found ... The tremndous racism of Irish-Catholics is not mentioned either . Where is the mention of murdered nuns and catholics ? The books claims that the Irish climbed up the American ladder by pulling the black man off ... This is simply placing blame where it does not belong . I suggest the author read up on his histroy to learn the facts
 If the Irish became `` White '' , why are they still overwhelmingly Catholic ? The religious affiliation of the Catholic Irish in no way endeared them to the Protestant Establishment . The Irish also created the Catholic school system in this country . How did that square with becoming part of the `` White '' establishment . The fact is that the Irish remained Irish and became the most affluent ethnic group in this country . Why settle for being `` White '' when you can be Irish ? A non-Irish person could never understand this and Ignatiev is laughably out of his depth . The Mumia Abu Jamal endorsement does n't help either , this genius never finished high school , killed an IRISH-AMERICAN police officer , and has been in prison for almost 30 years successfully ducking a death sentence.th
 This book is useful as a catlogue of many important and interesting events , and students will find it a handy reference tool . However , Prof. Ignatiev would have us believe that the Irish , in their natural state , were pure and untainted by bigotry , but that contact with America somehow caused them to become racist . This is untenable at best . He could have argued his thesis more effectively in a shorter essay . Short on analysis , the book is merely an interesting laundry list of riots and other events , and his many anecdotes do not do much to advance his argument . Nonetheless , the work is an interesting read and should prove useful to students .
 The author ignores the most salient information , that of Irish Slavery in America.I dont mean the indentured in America english/scottish tenant farmers of irish land given to english who financed the invading armies in the 1600 's . I mean the Irish slaves.In 1623 30,000 Irish `` Political Prisoners '' -LRB- read prisoners of war -RRB- were auctioned in Virginia . The tobacco plantation owners worked them to death , tortured and abused them so they died quickly . Then the english slavers went into Ireland , ran Irish down on horseback and roped them , men , women and children . Women and children auctioned as SEX SLAVES . The irish were literate . Irish literature followed Rome and Greece and preceded other countries.The plantation owners were illiterate . They bred with the irish women , then bred them with black men.The Irish were sold for life and their children also . The population of Ireland was 1.5 million at the beginning of tobacco slavery and 0.6 million at he end of slavery . The CIA states that loss of 10 % destroys a cultureThis is a signifigent part of how the Irish in America became white.I consider the author pathetically and selfservingly lacking in research or worse lacking in ethics morality and integrity .
 As a director of an outpatient chemical dependency program , I came across this book in my professional life . While the book is well intentioned and covers a wide range of topics about addiction and recovery , I was ultimately quite disappointed in it 's presentation . The content is clearly a repackaging of 12 Step -LRB- e.g.
 We used this in my recovery group and I found it more than useless to anyone who can read at a high school level or above . It 's a very simplified version of the 12-step programs repackaged . Now , for adults who are n't all that literate , it may be a good book . There are a ton of examples to help explain the concepts -LRB- obviously not true examples , but written specifically for the book -RRB- and silly pictures more suited for kids , but they at least break up the blocks of reading into manageable chunks.Otherwise , it 's a pass . I learned more from the bookRecovery Options
 Dear amazon.com The book in question , is more of a junior pisture book than information data.Im sure the seller was happy to sell it , as the book itself was very used.Anyway , I have it now and will keep it in my personel collection
 ... then this is probably an okay book to get started . Probably more for teenagers . I was in Salt Lake when K.M. was drafted and the then owner of the team had really wanted Keith Lee but the fans gathered at the Salt Palace were happy Malone was still available . Before his name was announced fans were chanting `` Mailman , Mailman ... '' That draft began a long and very good relationship with the Utah fans . Both have benefited greatly from the union . Unfortunately that part of K.M. 's story is n't in the book . Neither are a lot of things you 'd like to know , such as the details of Mr. Malone 's famous off-season workouts that make his workout partners puke , although it is touched on . I wanted to know how he developed it and who can keep up with him and what else he does to maintain his high durability in the modern game.Karl deserves better . I met him his rookie year and found out he was a fantastic person , able to handle fame better than most . At that early stage he could make you feel like you were very important - how many rookie NBA players can do that ? I 've been a huge fan ever since and I do n't even like basketball much.I read the book hoping to see his development into the best power forward of all time and instead I got a bunch on newspaper clippings and vignettes on early NBA thugs . I think there 's more to Mr. Malone than that . I think there 's more to his development as a player than what I read.He still has n't won a championship . Well neither did Barry Sanders , Carl Yastremski , Gale Sayers or even Jerry Sloan . K.M is a great basketball player and an even better person - he deserves a better story than what the book told .
 I was disappointed . After all the hype , I thought this was a substantial work , but it is n't . It is mostly pictures . The pictures are nice but it offers nothing , and text-wise , not enough of it for the price . I 'm sorry to say this about Westpoint , but I somewhat resent being misled . It could have taken me but 5 minutes to flip through it at a bookstore to see it was not for me .
 Ugh . Another West Point coffee table book . The concept is the same as we have seen repeatedly in the past . It 's a book of mainly pictures , with sound bites of ideas that can be covered in 5 pages . The result is 95 % fluff , 5 % something of value . It seems everyone is trying to bilk unwitting customers under the guise of doing something noble for West Point 's Bicentennial . What spin . Forgive me for laughing at authors ' and publishers ' perceptions of altruism ! I think , if they are sincere about wanting others to help them celebrate 200 years of this noble and great institution , they should pass out their books-of-celebration for FREE ! Uh-oh . The emperor has no clothes ?
 Elizabeth Manz has done what few authors have failed to do , or maybe even attempted to do . Her leading character , Nicholas Cross , has the `` honor '' of being the first male to carry on and act like one of those whimpering heroines from countless romance books , who bemoans all the terrible things that have happened to him , and does little if anything about it.I 'm not trying to be too hard on Ms. Manz , but Nick is not your typical hero . A successful horror writer , Nick lives in guilt for the horrible murder of his wife five years earlier . What 's worse is that his twelve year old son , Jeff , was there when the murder took place , and he feels guilty about not being there when the dastardly deed took place . Now , five years later , looks like the murderer -LRB- who was never caught -RRB- is back at it again.We meet one Thomas Bevin , an egocentric who claims to be an `` occultist , '' which is not necessarily a psychic , but who can `` direct '' supernatural things.We also meet one Miriam Cramer , a spiritualist writer , one who can touch a person 's hand and get psychic vibes from themm.We also meet Diane Nelson and Alan Howarth , the two detectives assigned to the case , of course Diane falls for Nick immediately and thus ensues a real problem in the story . Diane 's career is obviously a tenuous one , and getting involved with such a whiny wimp as Nick , is certainly not going to further her case with her media-centered boss , Lt. Parks.The story takes off with the apparent suicide of Nick 's self-proclaimed `` best fan on earth '' -- a moonstruck 19-year old named Daniel . Daniel spends the night with the Cross family , and the next morning , is found dead in the same chair Nick 's wife Linda was found mutilated and murdered . Suicide ? You know better.The story piles on so many different attempted twists and turns , from the strange Bobby Tarp to the equally strange Carl Neff . But , it 's a derivatively written book that neither scares nor delights . Ms. Manz has potential , but since she has written only one other book , it more than likely was never reached.NOT RECOMMENDED .
 This book was boring . I like some of Kat 's books . For me , they are hit or miss . Frankly , the tortured hero and the virgin but passionate miss are getting boring . The `` issue '' at the end of the story should have been settled early on . Extreme sub-par story .
 We purchased this book in preparation for a road trip in Spain . The maps have no detail and serve no real purpose . The descriptions of locations and drives are scanty and the photos look about 25 years old . This time , the cover sold the book and the inside does not live up to it !
 This book has a bunch of useless detail combined with a lack of context . If you knew a ton about Spain and just wanted to go to little excursions , and did n't mind not knowing much about what was suggested , and did n't mind getting totally lost because the maps are close to useless , then buy this book immediately . Otherwise , it 's a total waste of paper .
 This book did not provide as much advice or information about parrot bevavior as other less expensive books have . It contains mostly stories , and although they are sometimes interesting , they do not address specific behavorial problems and what to do about them .
 This might have been `` The '' source of information in 1995 and 2000 , but this is 2011 baby and aviculture 's standards have drastically -LRB- and are still currently being -RRB- changed.The author appears to have no education in the field of behavior , and that should make one skeptical . I contemplated on whether or not to give this book a two , or a one star rating . As I sit with my own copy in my lap and peruse through it I find that the first 1/3 of the book is filled with hardly-changing basic facts , like how long it takes for macaw chicks to fledge . Good general stuff to know . As I kept looking I found that the other 2/3 of the book had nothing but outdated , conflicting , confusing , and outright medieval concepts about how behavior works and what actions get the best results . And for that I christened it with a single star , too bad.When I was younger I adored this book , it claimed to have all the answers and I was determined to know it all . But now that I am older and a bit wiser I know better ... One of the many examples that I am horrified with is the book 's consistent encouragement to use flooding techniques . On pages 179-190 the author uses the system of `` PRPT , Parrot Responsive Phase of Training '' which gloatingly basks in the ideas of flooding -LRB- the first instance of this that is encouraged is her way of `` teaching '' birds not to bite -RRB- . But the first thing she wants you to teach to your new bird ? Towels are scary things . Draping a bird with a towel and grabbing it from its cage to toss it on a perch for daily training -LRB- like how not to bite -RRB- is ridiculous . Whatever happened to building a bond up with the animal stress-free and quickly via target training ? This is an outdated read indeed.There are many problems contained in this book but it 's not worth my time to discuss it here . For a better book on birds try what another reviewer suggested : The Parrot Problem Solver . Or to get up to speed on the aversive techniques that Bonnie M. Doane condones in this book , and the dangerous side-effects of them . Get : Coercion and Its Fallout -LRB- Revised Edition -RRB- .
 This book was so-so . It contains some flat-out wrong informaiton.For the best book on the subject of dealing with the parrot in your life , get `` Parrot Problem Solver . ''
 This author said very little with a lot of words . She did not have any original insights into bird behavior . Fairly well known and simple concepts were made complex by her long winded style . Chapter seven , obviously penned by the second author , was the only chaper in the book that I found interesting . It covered very specific techniques and guidelines .
 This book was recommended by another bird site as the only book you will ever need to understand your bird . I think I was expecting too much . It reads a little like a clinical tome ; too many words , too little said . Yet , the monochromatic photos and diagrams , editing errors , and misspelled words cause you to question the credibility .
 I was looking for a book which would help me choose apple trees with regard to their pollinators and disease resistance.This book is a history of apple cultivation . Nice , but without the facts I need to make choices in the present .
 When I choose to read a book , I do so for one of two major reasons
 It seems as if this book was slapped together in a week from the author 's trivia catalog and then submitted to the publisher . There was no apparent editing of the manuscript evidenced by the sloppy punctuation , incomplete sentences and the horribly repetitious material . The two following sentences illustrate these three flaws and the trivial nature of the information presented throughout the book . Page 54 -LRB- hardcover -RRB- contains this sentence
 ALL ABOARD ! was a gift to me from a fellow volunteer at our local historical museum , and he himself had received it as a gift from the first owner , the late Klink Garrett , former official of the Railway Express Agency and co-author of Ten Turtles to Tucumcari , a fascinating account of his wide-ranging experiences with the REA . With this history behind the copy I was given , I was determined to read it , and , after three months , I have . Unfortunately , that time span is very indicative of the readability of the text and of the level of interest it engenders in the reader.Another reviewer in this forum has already castigated Douglas for the grammatical errors in the book , and I must agree with that reviewer to an extent . The first hundred or so pages are indeed replete with egregious misspellings , creating words that are totally and nonsensically out of place . These errors , which are indeed distracting to any careful reader , appear to be the result of Douglas ' having employed a poor typist and the absence of competent proofreading . However , the author must have engaged a more competent typist or at least a more professional proofreader , for these errors thankfully diminish and recur only occasionally in the following 300 pages . Still , I must admit that , only three pages from the end of the narrative , the well-known and widely published railroad author Lucius Beebe appears as `` Beebee . `` These typographical errors aside , Douglas ' writing lacks imagination . While it may be too harsh to describe his style as plodding , neither is it creative or scintillating . `` Lackluster '' is perhaps the most accurate descriptor of the author 's vocabulary and sentence structure . When I wrote that I was determined to read the book , my own word choice may have been influenced by the fact that finishing all 399 pages of narrative did require determination.The book does enjoy its strong points , however . Too many published railroad histories are hopelessly mired in a plethora of minutiae
 I enjoy reading railroad history . That 's why I read All Aboard . I was disappointed throughout.As noted by others , Douglas commits many , many and several redundent -LRB- sp -RRB- statements , so after awhile you begin to expect them . His writing style is , to say the least , a bit confusing . It reminds me of ` word loading ' papers in college to meet the prof 's word count . But , others have pointed that out here better than I could.Douglas also attempts to cover way too many topics in the book . For example , I expected a graceful entrance to the current state of railroads in America near the end of the it , but instead got chapters on railroading in culture , books , music , et al. . That really broke my train of thought , and into an area I was n't much interested in . I 've already read enough about the history of American music , and how it connects to railroading.One major problem I have with the book is his often confusing -LRB- and not needed -RRB- pot-shots at labor , unions and the likes , all the way up to modern Amtrak . On one hand , he praises the work of railroad workers . He acknowledges their hard and dangerous jobs , and the roles they played in making the roads work . However , his shots at unions and his implications -LRB- too many to count here -RRB- that they were to blame for -LRB- on many accounts -RRB- railroading 's ultimate decline are just plain wrong . For example , he notes that Amtrak workers in ` the southwest ' were good despite their being ` union workers ' and overpaid . He also makes a comment that turn of the century labor laws had forever changed how railroads operated and , in sumation , began their downward spiral.To me , those digs are not in keeping with good writing . The represent his own , personal thoughts and are not proven facts . I wont argue the union side to this , but I can say that unions were needed to protect workers from management.I can imagine there are readers out there who would enjoy this book . I really tried to , but , given the writing style and his anti-labor union POV it was very hard . On the positive side , he breaks away from the fawning style of many writers in this field . He attempts to relate railroads to their affects on our society and culture . If taking cracks at unions is part of that mind-set , then I do n't think this book can be rated as good .
 You are not alone . That is one of the first messages of Senior Choices -- that many senior couples are addressing the same issues of whether to live together and , if so , the pros and cons of being married.There are other nuggets of wisdom in this book as well ... for example , suggestions of things to think about , viewpoints of different kinds of relationships.However , to find this wisdom you have to be willing to suffer through a lot of repetition , an arrangement of subject matter that , to me , is disorganized and illogical , and many grammatical errors that will drive you nuts if you have any editing experience . But just take a deep breath and read on a little faster , and you will learn some satisfying stuff .
 MatildaI gave this book one star . The book was not so interesting . It was mostly about a smart girl who reads lots of books even though her parents do n't like her too . I like reading books with more action , like the Series of Unfortunate Events . I would recommend Matilda to a kid that likes school . Also to younger kids , maybe 3rd graders . The book was easy to read which made it kind of boring to me .
 Matilda is not very exciting , it is not not very clever , and it is not very funny . Matilda is a bland adventure with a very mild plot about a very smart 5 year old girl with a massive range of acedemics . Shelives with her parent 's and her brother , but her parents are awful to her , they treat her like dirt.Matilda will have a happy ending . I think many 3rd-5th graders would like this book . It was Roald Dahl at his worst .
 It is only a 45 minute cassette . I am very disappointed ! Does n't cover the whole novel ... just a summary !
 This book has been listed under the `` kindle version , '' but there is no option to purchase ! This is a popular summer reading requirement ... Amazon needs to get on the ball !
 If Matilda existed and if she really had anything between her ears , she would not like this book . The humor consists of endless repetitions of the scathing insult `` You little twit . '' Matilda , who has had no exposure to intelligent conversation and has never heard of mathematics , has an adult vocabulary at two years and can multiply any numbers in a second , not to mention pushing things with her eyes . Roald Dahl 's sick humor and pathological desire to revolt are ever-present . The only thing that can be said for it is that it might conceivably encourage children to read more . However , this is no use if readers are bent on , against all common sense , reading Matilda over and over again .
 This book was terrible ! There was no suspense at the end of the chapters , the ending came too quickly and made little sense , and the telepathic powers were inplausible and unbelieveable . Roald Dahl bombed this time
 I find it hard to believe an acclaimed author would promote disrespect , mental abuse of children , physical abuse of children , revenge , and poor language . I found the book to provide a very NEGATIVE outlook on life and not the least bit entertaining .
 Matilda is a dark tale of child abuse and neglect , criminal deceit and murder . It communicates to children how cruel and mean adults can be , that Olympic althletes can be criminals , and weak snivelling teachers are to be admired . Of course , the FBI is a bunch of bungling idiots so reporting the abuses to the authorities is out of the question , the child must take matters into her own hands or `` eyes '' as the author indicates . The child , like Stephen King 's Carrie , resorts to telekinesis after her minor attempts at revenge surprisingly do little to improve her plight.Yes , magic is the answer to all that is bad and wrong with the world . The author in his usual dark way encourages children to laugh at the abuse of other children , delight in their humiliation , brush off the physical abuse of animals , make fun of greed and gluttony , and then rejoice in the impossible fantasy outcome of `` all is as it should have been from the beginning . '' The theory that an author can terrorize a child as long as he or she writes in a few pages of happy ending is ridiculous.My child 's teacher read this to the class and then asked for permission to show the PG movie . My husband and I watched the movie and were shocked at the level of violence and disgusting language . My husband speculated that it was just Hollywood 's typical overblown exaggeration of a work of literature . Not so . Upon reading ; the language is abhorrent , the subject matter vile and there is nothing funny about this book.Thank goodness this is a fantasy or poor little Matilda would have never made it to the ripe old age of 3 - she 'd have died from infection , starvation and neglect . There are not many stories on the news of little perfectly dressed three-year olds found healthy and nicely coiffed when her parents severe neglect finally came to the attention of authorities . Equally hard to swallow is how a child could manage to learn to spell her own name at just a year of age when her own parents ca n't even remember it themselves . And of course , the FBI who were staking out the house observing the criminal activities of Matilda 's father would never question why a three-year old was walking unescorted to the library - just like the nice librarian would have never thought of calling the authorities . Yes , children you need to take matters into your own hands , adults just ca n't be trusted to care for you . Great message Mr. Dahl . Next time - try psychotherapy .
 Read about Roald Dahl 's life , his upbringing , the kind of folk stories that appealed to him , the kind of stories he wrote for adults and you 'll get a picture of why Matilda is written as it is . The author grew up in abusive English boarding schools , and that comes through loud and clear . But since when is vengeance and spiteful retaliation something to encourage in children ? Ok , so this book should n't be taken too seriously , but I can see some kids getting the idea from Matilda , that it 's ok to play nasty pranks on parents or teachers they think are being mean to them . Dahl 's emotional baggage comes through clearly in this book.I think it 's ironic that Dahl , speaking through Matilda , criticizes the works of Tolkien and C.S. Lewis as being too serious for children , and not having any humor in them . Matilda is all humor , using absurd comic situations , to teach kids that it 's ok to anonymously exact justice using whatever means necessary . Lewis openly teaches about self-sacrifice for others , forgiveness , and redemption . Tolkien teaches on the folly of greed , selfishness , and pride , and the virtues of unity , courage , and humility . And Lewis and Tolkien often make use of humor in their writings . What is Dahl teaching ?
 READ THISI gave it one star because i wanted to get your attention cos i just got to tell you that this book is great , pay no attention to the people who have rated it one star they are totally wrong , i totally recomed this book , its good for 9 and under its a totally cute book it has fantasy humor and all that kind of stuff , one of My favorite parts was when she lernt how to read when she was only
 I guess it depends on what you are looking for in a book . If your child is a Matilda fan she will probably love the book . This was purchased as part of my granddaughters ' school reading list . Fortunately , she switched schools and did not have to complete the book.Although she loves to read she had zero interest in the book.Generally speaking the book is well written and intriguing unless of course you are trying to teach your child values -LRB- which my granddaughter 's parents are -RRB- . I suspect the school selected the book based on the popularity of the character and not for any other intrinsic usefulness . I would have preferred another book for my 6 year old granddaughter.We do have the movie , it is not one of her favorites nor mine .
 Like most Roald Dahl books -LRB- for me , at least -RRB- I thought this was a pretty good book -LRB- ... -RRB- , but by only a few years later I 've come to really hate it . For a Roald Dahl book Matilda is pretty good-it has an interesting plot , at least.Unfortunately aside from that I hate it . The characters are all either Mary-Sue 's or horrible cardboard villains . Matilda is so annoyingly perfect , she taught herself to read as a baby , soon read the kids section of the library , is a complete genius , quite nice , and has telekinesis . Miss Honey , her teacher , is annoyingly sweet and smart . Headmistress Trunchbull and Matilda 's parents are ridiculously mean with no attempt whatsoever to make them human and realistic , and no one bothers to explain why Trunchbull got her job or was n't arrested for her horribleness . And the little humor it has is all dark . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 My 7-yr old daughter got this book as a birthday present . I usually try to read all the books she reads so I know what to expect for her . I read it , and I do n't find it appropriate for her at all . Modern children are growing up with values much different than the old days , or at least the norms projected in this book . A principal hurting and humiliating children in her school the way Trunchbull does and that too publicly is unimaginable in today 's world . In a child 's world - this is like Taliban 's atrocities . And that there is nobody this principal is answerable to - not even to law enforcement - is absurd in today 's world . Given that the setting of this book is mostly at home and at school - children will try to imagine themselves in Matilda 's position and may believe that these situations do happen . Resorting to magic , and getting rid of Trunchbull only through trickery - gives a very wrong message to children . I am going to have my daughter wait until she is 10 before she reads this book .
 At first I thought this would be a good girl 's book for Story Time , but I 'm sorry to say that it 's not so good . None of the mature female characters are good role models
 Matilda is a five year old girl who has parents who do n't know her intelligence . Matilda has gone to the library since she was four years old . She read all the childen 's books in the library . When Matilda started , she was five years old.Miss Honey is her teacher.When Matilda started school , she learned about the Trunchbull . She learned that the Trunchbull picks kids up and throws them out the window . She puts them in the chokey . The chokey has nails and glass pointing out of the walls.Matilda scares away the Trunchbull by tipping water over with a newt in the drinking water.She also practiced picking chalk and writing messages on the board from Miss Honeys Dad.Somebody might want to read this book because it 's exciting and intelligent , but I did n't like it .
 Do you like mischievous books ? Matilda is a silly smart young lady . She was reading chapter books at the age of four . She wanted to go to school and her dad sold a car to a principal so she got to go to school . Her principal is so mean . So she gets back at her principal . Then her dad got in trouble so they moved.I believe you should pass on the book Matilda . Some reasons are I do n't understand the text says mum instead of mom and tele instead of t.v. And it just does n't make sense . Also it leaves you hanging it does n't give enough information but the information is n't always helpful . Her parents are mean to they do n't let her read she can only watch television . That is why you should not read this book .
 Matilda is an extra ordinary child , who loves reading and learning . She 's a lot cleverer than the other children but her parents are so silly that they do n't care at all about her.The idea of the story is n't bad but unbelievable
 You might think that this is a bad rating but come on ! Do n't you think a 5-year-old getting super brain powers is a little clich&eacute; ? Anyway , I would recommend this book for anyone who likes Roald Dahl books . It 's a story of a girl named Matilda who has parents that treat her like dirt and a headmistress who , well lets just say if life were like Star Wars than she would be Darth Vader . From hats glued to somebody 's haed too a parrot up a chimny this is a must read book for any Roald Dahl fan !
 I have to admit that I really enjoy most of Kat Martin 's other books , however this one feel flat in my opinion . The story was predictable , something that I do n't hate as long as the story is well told and the characters are likable . But honestly , I just was n't that crazy about the characters.Caleb lies to everyone , and no one but Vermillion is upset - why is n't her aunt or one of her friends upset ? I certainly would be . Then he LIES AGAIN . As for Vermillion/Lee , she was n't my favorite character either . I like that she was loyal to her family and that she wanted to make them happy , but there is such a thing as taking it too far.As for the traitor , that was n't much of a surprise . And all the timing was just a little bit too coincidental . So that part of the story did n't add anything for me.All the above makes it sound like I hated the book , but I did n't . I was just disappointed in it compared to her other books . If you are a fan on Kat Martin , check this one out of the library or borrow it , and it is not an awful read . However , do n't make this your first Martin book . Just my suggestion .
 I usually read a book this size in two days max . It 's been three weeks now , and I still have a way to go . I keep stalling because the plot keeps repeating
 I 've read just about all of Kat Martin 's historical novels and have enjoyed most of them . This is the exception . From the start I found the storyline and love story between Vermillion -LRB- Lee -RRB- and Caleb boring . Nothing caught my interest and I found myself disliking the characters . One thing I must say is I get tired of stories where the man thinks the woman is * unpure * and treats her bad as a result . I want a love story , not a story where the characters beat eachother up verbally .
 This book is godawful . I 've read -- and liked -- a lot of Kat Martin 's work but not this one . It is the pits . The number of mistakes in it -LRB- like Vermillion going to Tattersall 's -RRB- is unforgivable . Understandable , of course , when one realizes she 's churning these out every couple of months . But then she ought to be able to hire someone to do her research .
 I agree with the previous reviewer . I am trying to use this book to teach a basic class in animation at the university level on the Mac . I do many multimedia/web design/digital imaging tutorials in the course of my job and this book is the worst.There is not a lot of literature on Amorphium Pro . The tutorials in this book are missing steps and are unclear . What the user sees on the screen after following each step in the tutorials does not resemble the illustrations in the book even in the most basic of exercises . I called the publisher thinking that perhaps there were typos and was told that there were not any errata . The e-mail address that I received for the author of this book was invalid . The questions I sent via e-mail were returned.I have ordered the Learning Amorphium CD from lynda.com and am hopeful that I will have a better learning experience . Do not buy this book .
 I have n't gone into that much depth with this book yet , but in looking at the other reviews I doubt that I will . I was hoping there would be some tutorials in the book that would instruct me how to build something that I would like to make , but I do n't see anything in this book that I would actually want to learn how to model . I logged on to this site hoping to find another book on Amorphium , but no luck . FYI - The `` Learning Amorphium Pro '' CDs by Vince Parker are very thorough in explaining the in 's and outs of Amorphium , tips on things to watch for and a few modeling instructionals . I can see it would be a much better investment than this book .
 The book contains some good tips and tricks and the author seems very familiar with the tools . Unfortunately , the models that appear in the book look very amateurish . This is certainly not a book you would use to show off the capabilities of Amorphium Pro . The author also annoyingly exports most of the models to Bryce for rendering instead of using Amorphium Pro 's renderer . How does that show what Amorphium Pro can do ? It does n't . At one point he makes a snide remark that `` Liquify '' is spelled wrong in the program and should be `` Liquefy '' . This seemed petty to me , and according to my dictionary both forms are acceptable . The book also does n't cover texturing as well as I thought it should . Still , considering it is the only book currently available on Amorphium Pro , it does have some handy tips and if you have the money to spare , it is worth a read . At least until more comprehensive and professional looking Amorphium Pro books are published .
 This author has over 20 different books . I have read afew and found them to be consistant in quality , that being low , very low . I find it hard to believe that mortimer is an expert in all these programs -LRB- after effects , lightwave , 3d max , poser , bryce , ect . -RRB- but it is realistic to assume that he mediocre on all of them . Spend your money on a professional who uses the product every day , rather then on some guy who opened up the program the day before his book was due to the publisher .
 As it happened with The House of Spirits nor depth or intelligence in the story is to be found . Some ideas put together at random with a disrespectful -LRB- because it ` s just hollow and unadvertently made use of -RRB- politics background.Reading I. Allende I got the idea , she picks some good-sounding topics from somewhere or someone and applies them both here and there in her stories.She never engages in risky considerations about the characters.Every might-be an interesting beginning to go on working throughout the book is always aborted after a few lines and let alone never to be mentioned again.I ` ve got the impression , she just ca n`t do it .
 This review concerns the original 1955 edition and the revised 1972 edition which is a shorter version of the original . Frank and Joe 's friend Tony inherits a collection of curios and immediately a gang of thieves is interested in a couple of medallions that were apart of the inheritance . The mystery of the medallions takes Frank , Joe , Chet and Tony on a treasure hunt to Guatemala . Personally , I did n't find this book very good . I thought that it lacked much action and many of the chapter endings did n't entice me to read more right away . The plot of the book was rather weak and not very creative and it took the Hardys and their friends no time at all to find the treasure after arriving in Guatemala ; although , that did n't happen until page 160 . While some fans may like this book , it definately was n't one of my favorites .
 Published in 1955 - I have never ever cared for this volume and until I read The Mystery of The Aztec Warrior thought it was the worst in the series . To me I always found it a suffocating book and I ca n't explain why . Tony plays a prominent role in this one and to the books credit at least they encounter the criminals a fair amount and there is a little action . The latter chapters were fairly decent . Its worth reading - once - but honestly compared to the other volumes in my opinion this is among the cellar dwellers . -LRB- Almost a 2 Star - but not quite -RRB- RATED D
 The book is a reprint of a much older book . Since the original book was written there have been a number of significant advances in computing power and software and this book is very much dated .
 Written in the 20 's , this book is at least five decades ahead of its time , discussing detailedly about Dow Theory , chart patterns , volume , support and resistance etc in the demand and supply context , at a time whilst most people focused solely on company/accounting data specific fundamental analysis . However , though market psychology doesnt change , technology and the speed and means of information distribution do , leading to shorter business cycles and thus trends , inevitably attacking the weakest link of the Dow Theory which is that confirmation of the primary and long term trend almost always come too late . The situation is even worse in that `` traps '' in trend following are so frequent in today 's highly competitive market when power traders with the help of deteriatives fully exploit the stop loss orders of mass investors.I dont mean to undermine the value of this book . Nevertheless , considering the high price of the book and the long time to read it through , there are many alternatives that cover TA wider and deeper . This book can be a very exhaustive reference book in chart patterns . It just can not provide a compeat course on TA . The new appendix of MACD , Stochastics etc is adequate but far from sufficient . Afterall , TA is just a tool for money making . There 's no point not to take a more productive route to achieve the goal .
 If you want a copy of the original 1940s edition , that is what this is . The Amazon webpage makes it look like you are buying a paperback copy of the most recent hardcover , but that 's not the case.I purchased this item and will be returning it , not because the the 2007 edited version is so great , but because this edition does n't even have the benefit of the original authors correcting their own work based on feedback and review !!
 I bought the book because I think it is of the latest edition -LRB- edition 9 ? -RRB- . But obviously , it is not , although it is printed in 2008 . Amazon should specify the edition of the book !
 Not comprehensive or outlined or organized . A lot of talk with nothing . Beginer stuff like RSI , MACD and MA are 1/3 of the book , another 1/3 on Dow theory . Charts patterns , nothing in here like projection of target price , failuer rate and trading tactics . You want a good book on price chart patterns . I suggest `` Encyclopedia of Chart Patterns '' , Bulkowski .
 BORING . I started to read about the Dow Theory with old fashioned charts of defunct stocks . There are supplements to the text to bring in modern stocks , but maybe one should retire this book .
 This book along with all other books and seminars on tech analysis are mere ploys to make the authors wealthy .
 This is a review of the 9th edition . Please note that amazon has included this review for other editions as well . That is okay because I have something to say about them too , but you should be aware . The really old editions are probably out of copyright.I would not recommend this book unless you are into the `` history of technical analysis '' . The focus of the book is classical patterns of bar charts . The book is absolutely not bad , but it 's value is a bit dubious . Why read a book that have charts that are 1/2 century old ? You ca n't be sure that things have n't changed , can you ? So the newer editions also have more modern charts . However , this combination of old and new makes for a frustrating reading . Actually I would think most book deteriorate in quality after their 3rd edition.If you want a classic in your bookself I would really recommend you to buy a second-hand copy of the last edition written by Edwards & Magee alone . This would be the 5th edition . It has a very professional binding and clear white pages . The new edition is a very ugly and cheaply bound hardcover . This comment is only if you are into good looking books . You get the 5th edition for $ 5 at amazon , so it is a nobrainer!Addition in 2010
 The book is the reprint of a old edition date back 1948 with some little update up to 1963 . The Amazon 's Search-Inside -LRB- TM -RRB- refer to another update version of the book -LRB- 9 ed . -RRB- . The book 's style and content is very old , the charts are hand-made and frankly speaking now it 's possible to do much better and the calculation of indicators now can be exact . If you are interested to the prehistory of technical analysis a would suggest `` Welles Wilder - New Concepts in Technical Trading Systems '' . Modern and better books are those of Achelis and Colby .
 These paper back editions are pirated and unauthorized . They do not contain the modern emendations.DO NOT BE DECEIVED AND IF YOU HAVE ALREADY BOUGHT IT PROTEST TO AMAZON .
 David Harum is an old guy who loves to tell long , drawnout stories about nothing in particular . The author writes Harum 's stories in dialect , a pet peeve of mine . It would be endurable if the stories had anything to do with anything , but most of the time they do n't . There 's even a long , drawn-out story of Harum telling a long , drawn-out story ! I 'm doubly damned . There 's a secondary character of John Lennox . We get a brief glimpse of his story and the cold fish he ends up with , but his main purpose in the book is to be the audience for Harum 's tall tales . I do n't recommend this book at all .
 I felt the booked lacked a lot . The art was great but i learned nothing from the book in regards to writing . I was expecting something a bit more descriptive and was disappointed . I would not recommend this book to anyone .
 I have never ordered this book and I have never received this book so how am I supposed to rate it ?
 The plot of this story is simple . A Virginian and his beautiful daughter come to the western frontier of Ft. Henry , in modern West Virginia , where she falls in love with the gallant borderman Jonathan Zane . The bordermen , like their Texas Ranger counterparts , make a living by killing Indians , chasing outlaws , and acting as the only arm of the law.Beautiful Helen is kidnapped by outlaws and Indians , then rescued by her flinty borderman , who , in the interim , has fallen hopelessly in love with her . After killing all the outlaws and the bad Indians , Jonathan forsakes his wild ways and settles down to respectable life as a farmer and father . Lots of 19th Century values are bandied about , the general superiority of white America is proven in word and deed , and the lawless frontier is beaten back to the wilds of Ohio . Residents of Cincinatti may feel at times that that 's where it stayed.Grey 's prose is outdated but easily read . Where he shines is in his descriptions of nature . He has a good eye for natural beauty and a gift for relating it . I bought this as part of a .99 cent Kindle 18-pack , so it was definitely worth the time and the expense .
 I canceled two book orders when it said I had to pay for them one was incident at muddy creek anr the other was the last trail I never resd them althought one of the went to page 18 when I touched something on my new kindle this is the only way I could get your attention
 This is a review regarding `` Buyve '' . I ordered this book in time enough for Christmas and they cancelled my order days after I ordered it . Thanks for nothing !!! I will not buy any books from Buyve again !!
 The book I was hoping this one was has yet to be written . Denzler does n't tell us anything we did n't already know about why and how people believe in UFOs and aliens . Mainly what we have here is just compiling the history of reported sightings and abductions , as well as summaries of leading authors -LRB- Vallee , Keel -RRB- . No analysis of the psychology or mass psychology of purported abductees . If you 're a true believer , the book probably wo n't interest you , and if you 're trying to understand the believers , it wo n't answer your questions.I know from my own experience that the author has n't begun to scratch the surface of the current types of UFO beliefs . Her index does n't even include Pleiades ! There are lots of New Age types out there who believe that benevolent aliens , the Pleiadeans , are trying to help humanity evolve to higher consciousness . There are umpteen versions of this idea featuring other star systems . There are hostile as well as helpful aliens . In Sedona , Arizona , the New Age mecca -LRB- and elsewhere , I 'm sure -RRB- you can purchase pamphlets mapping the alien bases underneath the Red Rock country , and describing the aerial warfare between the Good and Bad Aliens over the Arizona skies!I 'm sure that there are people who sincerely believe in UFOs without any of this supernatural apparatus . Simple enough , it 's fun to believe in the possibility of exciting things that might exist . Denzler discusses pseudo-science , and that is a different category from the New Age beliefs . But why and how do people believe in Pleiadeans , and create and embellish elaborate mythologies involving extraterrestrials as angels , demons and demigods ? How do abduction beliefs spread in a population ? There 's a great book out there waiting to be written ...
 NY romance writer agrees to go to attractive but staid sex scientist 's Scotland castle to help him with research in return for $ 20K which she needs to bail her younger sister out again from trouble . Both are attracted to each other but certain challenges bar them from giving in to their attraction.I really liked George 's other books -LRB- i.e. , To Die For , Art of Seduction -RRB- but I did NOT like this book . It was a chore to read . Many things -LRB- dialogue , characters , scenarios -RRB- were too contrived . It did n't flow well , which made for a s-l-o-w read . The romance & sexual chemistry did not draw me either . This book did n't draw my emotions ... except maybe feelings of irritation.Cautiously recommended .
 I do n't understand all the rave reviews . This book was unoriginal and unimaginative . Not only was the plot absolutely stupid -LRB- a scientist , who is betrothed to someone out of family obligation , hires a semi-successful American romance novelist to teach him how to charm women ? Huh ? -RRB- Since Dexter and his intended , Lady Sarah , were childhood buddies who loved each other like friends , why the need to charm her ? As if that were n't bad enough , the characters were all such stereotyped caricatures
 The book would ahve been good except before you even get into the material very good there are problems with wrong answers or very confusing explantions . If this much is wrong at the beginning what about later in the book when you get into the stuff you do n't know .
 This book cost too much for what it is . It is a light weight paperback for almost $ 10 . I bought the Get on the Ball book and was recommended this book . While it does have some good moves and stretches , it was NOT worth the money .
 Nothing new or creative here - very overpriced for what you get
 This is a terrible book . What little it does tell you , it repeats over and over and over and over ... The tiny amount of information to be gleaned from this amateur attempt at insight into female sexuality could have been paraphrased in three sentences . 1 -RRB- Do n't be afraid of asking for what you want . 2 -RRB- Sex is better when the woman has orgasmed first and 3 -RRB- You deserve it ! Get a life women and figure it out on your own .
 Want to get horribly lost ? Then get his book ! The key to writing a useful guidebook is to put yourself in the shoes of the reader , something the authors of this book neglected to do . The misleading and incomplete directions in it got me lost both on the way to the trailhead and on the trail itself!The descriptions to the trailhead were vague and cryptic at best , with very few references to street names or landmarks . I had to depend on the kindness of strangers to get myself to the trailhead . And once on the trail , I had to depend on the park rangers to stay on the right track.While the book may make sense to the authors , it does n't make sense to anyone who is new to the area -LRB- the very audience of this book -RRB- . This book is in serious need of an outside editor who would have caught the many gaps in directions . I have no doubt that the authors know the region very well , but they did not do a good job communicating their knowledge .
 This book was very imcomplete . It skimmed the surface of the hiking and camping situation in the catskills and would be suitable for only the most casual of hikers . There was not nearly enough information on the the types of camp sites , whether there are fishable lakes and what the regulations are for the region .
 What do you christians like to do ? Diss other peoples religions that you know nothing about ? The Wiccan religion has nothing to do with Demonism . The religion it self revolves around nature , and we dont try to destroy it . I dont believe this . I didnt mind Christians until i saw this , this totally changes my views . A little message to Christians and Rick , the next time you plan on dissing MY religion you may wan na f 'n do some god damn research before doing something like writing a book or an article whatever .
 What do you christians like to do ? Diss other peoples religions that you know nothing about ? The Wiccan religion has nothing to do with Demonism . The religion it self revolves around nature , and we dont try to destroy it . I dont believe this . I didnt mind Christians until i saw this , this totally changes my views . A little message to Christians and Rick , the next time you plan on dissing MY religion you may wan na f 'n do some god damn research before doing something like writing a book or an article whatever .
 Rick Jones is insane . Not in an entertaining , ingenius , or literally individual way . He 's a lunatic.Clearly , the purpose of his book is to abuse his religion viciously to reshape and refit society as his disgusting , self-righteous and primitively literalistic mind sees fit . Mark my words
 I have had the displeausre to read bits and pieces of this rag . Rick Jones is right about one thing , there is a well planned destruction of teens ; he and the rest of his kind are the ones doing it . This book is further proof that it 's not D&D and heavy metal that is ruining teens ; it 's fundamentalists . If Satan is the father of all lies , then that makes Jones Satan , because this book is nothing but lies and slander .
 This book is the most utter waste of paper ever . It is written from a single view point which is limited in knowledge . The problem with this book is that people are just trying to pinpoint one thing for the teenagers troubles , but in fact the biggest problem would be lack of understanding on the part of people such as the author . How is it that one can blame a game such as Dungeons & Dragons for something like this when no other report has ever been made which is even the least bit similar to this . DO NOT read this book if you have more than a pea for a brain .
 I bought this book some years ago so I could better understand the objections of the religious right with regards to role-playing games . I had heard all the usual distortions and misinformation that had been spewed by the right-wing church on the issue of RPG 's -LRB- the most famous being Dungeons & Dragons , although to read this book D & D is the only RPG that exists -RRB- and I wanted to best argue against them by understanding exactly what the objection was and why.But having read through this book I find myself posing a simple question
 This is very sad . I really cant put it any better than that . This book isnt worth the paper it is printed on .
 Those five-star reviewers at the bottom are n't real teenagers . They 're probably Mr. Jones writing good reviews for his own publication of insanity . I find that quite disturbing .
 It 's been years since I 've read this so please bear with me . I 'm not here to debate the literary value of the book . Initially when i read the description on the back cover i was intrigued . However , I actually became so annoyed that I returned it to the store . For one thing , of the reviews that I 've read people seem to keep forgetting that the very first and last chapters -LRB- or the epilogue and prologue ... as I said it 's been years since I 've read it so i do n't remember how they were labeled in the book ... -RRB- are happening even further in the future and the story part of the book is supposed to be a recording of one particular woman 's experiences in the past that a council is listening to . So technically for those people the story is part of their history . And so , my annoyance with the book began early : What initially happened to drive this part of the US to such extremism ? -LRB- and since for some reason * eyeroll * there seems to be a weird debate on wether or not this is an anti-Christian book ... for the record i 'm agnostic and could n't care if these extremists were christian , muslim , shinto , hindu or zoarastrians ... they were extremist nutcases pure and simple . Perhaps whatever caused the apocolypse in the first place screwed with their heads ... -RRB- I 'm assuming -LRB- since the council members discussing this `` recording '' hint at it -RRB- that there was some sort of nuclear war/bomb/whatever that plunged the country into chaos or a post apocolyptic state and somehow these extremists took over . It 's mentioned numerous times that the women -LRB- ALL the women even the handmaidens ... -RRB- are not necessarily assured of their fertility . The Aunts and wives of the commanders are too old or because of whatever happened have been determined that they are NOT able to have children . The handmaidens talk about when or if they do become pregnant whether or not the baby will become a `` shredder . '' What does this mean ? What has to be wrong with the baby for it to be considered a `` shredder ? '' and if it is a `` shredder '' what happens to it ? -LRB- besides what i 'm assuming is the obvious b/c of what they are called ... -RRB- And since this aprticular handmaiden is able to remember her former life before all the chaos what would even compel her to just give in ? It seems to me that this is just a small part of the US ... and who are they fighting that this has become a military state?And , seriously , how in the world were these extremists able to convince these people that this way of life was the way to live ? I would also think that some intelligent people amongst these extremists would try to consider the effect this type of `` breeding '' would have on the human gene pool ? Why is it just the old men that are allowed to have sex with the handmaidens ? I 'd think the fact that there are still young men around would HELP because young men are supposed to be more virile.Just thinking about this book makes me wish I had never read it . Most of the time while reading this book I felt completely confused and found myself saying `` wait ? what ? why is this happening again ? what is the reasoning behind this again ? '' BLEH !!! I felt like there just was n't enough background information about the time and place to get a good understanding about the story in and of itself . And why even bring in the epilogue and prologue if you are n't going to elaborate on the future ... why are they even studying these `` recordings ? '' I do n't know if I would recommend this book to anyone which is why I decided to give it two stars . Perhaps others out there can see more into it than I can and would find the book interesting . But , if you 're one of those people who need to know how and why like me , I doubt you 'll like this book.Oh and since some people delight in pointing out others grammatical and spelling mistakes ; I have two young kids and have had very little sleep over the past few weeks and find forming a coherent sentance and/or thought taxing . So , if I 've spelled something wrong or I have a grammatical mistake or have forgotten to capitalize a pronoun ... I DO N'T CARE !!!! I also ramble ... which is quite obvious now . :-RRB- Happy Reading !
 This book was an absolute bore . I kept waiting for the peak which just never came . Overall , such a disappointment .
 I personally did not enjoy this novel . From the very beginning there was nothing to really keep me going . I did not even completely understand what was happening for several chapters . I give credit to the author as she came up with a radical story idea but it was not the type of book for me . I did not enjoy reading about what Offred was forced to do with the commander . There were also so many questions of mine that did not get answered . What ever happened to her husband Luke ? what about her daughter ? The Handmaid 's Tale is interesting in the fact that it all revolves around what used to be the United States . I think that the way it was written was another reason why i did not enjoy the novel . Some of the sentence structure and language confused me . Overall i think it was a good book but i did not enjoy reading it . I would recommend it for older people who are interested in politics .
 Very disappointing after such epics as Life Before Man . The plot was complicated and character development was minimal . Disjointed prose made it difficult to read , as did the never ending time shifts . Atwood 's ideas , although possibly relevant when the book was published , are now outdated in this post-feminist era.Surely the theme , although horrific , is not as bad as it seems ? When their is a choice between sufferance of the living and the quality of life of future generations -LRB- and if there is to be one -RRB- , surely this makes the issue undebatable.If you want to read the book , then good luck . The film version is also Ok , if unfaithful to the actual text.PREPARE TO BE SHOCKED , CONFUSED -LRB- AND SOMETIMES BORED -RRB- IF YOU READ THIS BOOKER PRIZE NOMINATED TOME . OTHER DYSTOPIC NOVELS ARE BETTER ...
 This author does n't understand what a sentence is and how to complete one . Half of pages are filled with one ` sentence ' making it incredibly difficult to follow the unnecessarily long , winded descriptions of menial objects and detail . Also , the whole idea of a post-American society dominated by a repressive Christian group is totally ludicrous and I found myself laughing at the absurdity of the story throughout many points .1 star
 If I could have given this book no stars I would have . What a waste of time - it was as boring and repetitive as anything I 've ever read . I 'm a woman and I suppose I should have identified more with the underlying message , but all I could see was the insult to my gender . I finished it ony because my daughter is taking a literature class in college , it was assigned reading for the class , and I promised her I would read all the books so we could discuss them . Had it not been for my promise , I would have stopped reading after the first 20 pages . Yuck ! This is my first Margaret Atwood book , and if it 's representative of her entire body of work , I 'll never read another one .
 When I read this book for my English A level I was bored at best . The plot is contrived and without flavour , seemingly based on a Mills & Boon novel about impossible love . The idea about Religions slugging it out for the control of the planet is entertaining , but not developed enough to hold my attention at least . The novel revolves around a boring character who constantly daydreams on dull incidents in the not so recent past and refuses to dwell on deeper topics . The logic of Offreds narrative is left to the reader to develop , so those who are ignorant to the feminist psyche are largely left in the dark , so all the fellas who even look at this book in their local library should read all books by Germaine Greer before turning the first page . Females seem to love the book as it represents all the trouble and strife that women fear the most , but men will see it as tripe . Much like Waiting for Godot , not much happens throughout the novel , infrequently peppered with observations on the savagery of those surrounding her . Overall , men will not like this as it is written for those who take opression of the masses as an immediate , serious threat to the reader . It is not a book which is to be read and feared , but rather to learn from and predict how one would feel in this scenario . An interesting portal into the female mind , a dark and vacuus pit .
 I wouldnt read this intolerant tripe if it demonized the far left , or Muslims or the Tooth Fairy.Its one long poorly conceived political statement . Im sorry I even picked this up . Hate and intolerance for differing political viewpoints make bad reading no matter what side of the spectrum the author lies .
 I 've heard a great many people rave about this book -LRB- I 'm actually a 26 year old with an M.A. in lit -RRB- , and I finally read it for a feminism class a while back . I 'm startled by how bad this woman writes . I guess it 's an interesting idea , and I 'm sure it blows minds in a 10th grade English class , but my God what a terrible writer Atwood is . The prose is clunky , to say the least , and the dialogue is laughable . The symbolism is totally heavy-handed in the worst kind of way . It 's also kind of dated , in that it 's a Reagan-era work with an inteded audience of armchair feminists who get all up in arms any time a Republican gets into office.You could realistically write some depressing , apocalyptic dystopian novel about any social group if you wanted to ; hey , what if China directed nuclear weapons at Canada and enslaved all Canadians ? What if all Catholics had to wear scarlet letters and work the fields all day , by law ? It 's as theoretically possible as the right wing turning all women into `` handmaids . '' Hey , what 's that you say , Margaret Atwood ?? Far right-wingers are anti-feminist ?? They 're against equal rights ?? Women already do n't have equal rights as men ?! NO WAY !!! I 'm a moron , so I did n't know that ! This book is like the People magazine version of feminism -- that means only idiots would take it seriously.In short , this book is for suckers , and I feel much stupider after having read it . If this future dystopia ever happens , I 'll be the first in line to burn this book !
 When observing the puppet-characters of this novel , the strings are always visible , for they have but one reason for existing - to implant the attitudes of the author in a new generation . The far-fetched setting also has one reason for its creation - the same . Wherever the reader looks in this novel , he or she sees the uneffaced hand of the author , for this entire polemic exists exclusively as a pulpit for Margaret Atwood to pound out her bigotry against religious people . The Handmaid 's Tale is the literary equivalent of Ayn Rand - but with hate instead of philosophy . As a piece of literature , it is stilted .
 She 's a good writer . Maybe it 's the company she keeps . Anyone who likens this to 1984 or Brave New World is a twit . That 's one of the tests you can keep in your toolkit .
 A book based on thought process should somewhat resemble what one is actually like .
 I had read the amazon reviews and was looking forward to this book , but after reading it I was really disappointed . The story was good , but it felt underdeveloped and immature -- by the end of the book I was more irritated with Offred than sympathetic . The characters were shallow , at best , and overall it just did n't seem to come together . The idea was certainly interesting and the book had all the potential to be really powerful , but it just ... was n't .
 Whatever one might else say about Margaret Atwood , there is no doubt she 's a professional . She is a skillful , cunning manipulative writer . But whereas other writers use modernist techniques to reach a deeper insight , Atwood uses them to evade fundamental questions . Here are two examples . 1 -RRB- At one point Offred has a meeting with the chauffeur who will impregnate her because Offred 's master , Fred , is sterile . Atwood provides three versions of this meeting which introduces a note of fashionable uncertainty while hiding her inability to discuss real intimacy . 2 -RRB- At the end of the book , Offred is being taken away from Fred 's house . It is not clear whether she is being liberated or arrested , and the book concludes with a pompous academic conference that does not clarify the matter . The conference is obviously a joke on Atwood 's part . The problem I have is that Offred could not have written the account that concludes her story until after the events took place , and where she would have a reasonable idea of what happened to her . Atwood may find it intriguing to leave the matter in doubt , but a real political prisoner would not play this sort of modernist game.In general , Atwood 's dystopia plays on women 's fears , but does not enlighten or elucidate them . She chose an easy target in attacking American fundamentalism , whose illiberalism , parochialism and paranoia make them fair game . But in her account of making women victims she is subtly stacking the deck . She uses analogies from Nazism and slavery which , on second glance , are quite tendentious . For example the regime comes about because Congress and the Cabinet have been assasinated and a military regime claims it was done by foreign terrorists . But are Americans really quite that naive ? The imposition of a misogynist state supposedly happens step by step , sort of like the path towards the Holocaust . But it is one thing for Germans to fail to realize the fate of 1 % of their countrymen and for Americans to fail to recognize the fate of 50 % of their own families . Likewise , it is hard to imagine any modern state that would want to dramatically shrink the workforce and cut the literacy rate in half . In Atwood 's Gilead , women are forbidden to read , an idea which Atwood obviously got from slave code prohibitions against literacy . But this ignores the fact that American Evangelicalism prides itself on bringing the bible to the masses . To prevent women from reading the bible goes against their fundamental principles . Indeed , renaming the country is another `` off '' thing , given the intense patriotism of American Fundamentalists . And why would they rename the country `` Gilead , '' as in `` there is no balm in '' ? I ca n't help but note that Atwood does not take the demographic crisis Gilead faces with all due seriousness . After all , a 90 % -95 % sterility rate implies extinction . Most people would support conscription to fight off an enemy that would do that . Is conscripting women 's wombs so really out of the question ? It is at least an argument that should be taken more seriously . Finally Atwood does not deal with the fact that most churchgoers in Western countries are female . This brings in questions of complicity that Atwood simply ignores . Ultimately , this is middlebrow entertainment .
 This was a difficult book for me to get through . I felt like I had to read every page -LRB- waiting for something to happen that never did -RRB- . I think it would have been great if it was a short story , but as a novel , it was just too longwinded . The descriptions of things just went on and on.I thought it would be more exciting . I have read numerous dystopian novels and enjoyed Hunger Games and Enclave . I think I was looking for something more like them , and this book is NOT . It is more like The Road but without anythign ever happening .
 The dystopian work , The Handmaid 's Tale , written by Margaret Atwood displays many complex views and ideas of good and evil . Some characters in this work , although represented as evil , give food for thought , thought about our future on the earth and specifically in the U.S. Atwood deals with some of the modern ideas of misogyny , sex , and the possible future , by creating this dystopian work like her fellow dystopian novelist George Orwell.The first item of discussion from Atwood is that of misogyny . Although the role women play in society gives them no value whatsoever , women in this novel have a representation of the smarter more intelligent beings forced under the yoke of much slower less intelligent men . Men usually shown as dim witted and only lovers of sex and power ironically dominion over women . This example helps Atwood attain her goal of creating a feminist novel that dramatically exaggerate the way men and women already have `` places '' in society . This would create shock from the masses as they realize the potential for how the world could become.One way Atwood shocks her audience come through her explicit use of sex . Throughout the novel , Offred has multiple sexual encounters with several men , including a married man . This loose portrayal and approach to sexual intercourse does not seem unusual in the novel , in fact it seems expected . Offred 's entire existence has its basis in sex . She works for the commander , or head of the household , as a handmaid . This consists of doing daily trivial tasks such as shopping and her main goal , to have children . Once a month , Offred must have sex or perform the `` Ceremony '' with the commander . These sexual encounters , specifically the first uses explicit language and detail.A dystopian novel has nothing new or unique about it in general . The idea has been replicated many times throughout history . Some dystopian , authors including George Orwell , H.G. Wells , Aldous , Huxley , and Ray Bradbury , all have good ideas , stories , themes , and plotlines . Compared to these authors Margaret Atwood does not particularly shine out . A well written novel in some places , effectively driving home her point . Atwood writes a convincing novel yet the unnecessary set in this novel somewhat diminishes the quality of the novel . Instead of creating this perfect , or rather not perfect , dystopian world , Atwood strays from the usual path to dwell on sex as the entire reason for this dystopia.One very effective method Atwood used to drive home her point lies in he darkness and despair in this novel . The utter hopelessness of the of The Handmaid 's Tale and feeling of anguish shows the harsh reality of life or the possibility of life in the future.Overall The Handmaid 's Tale qualifies as well written novel , but only well written as a despair , sex filled novel portraying a possible dystopian society . Although most dystopia works have some elements of these things in them . The Handmaids Tale emphasizes a few in particular . The misogyny of the novel has a sort of irony to it because although the view of women could be perceived as below and being controlled by men , the women actually have the intelligence and ingenuity . The novel adequately portrays a dystopian society . The good of this book does not outweigh the bad .
 When we were assigned this book for my English class , my first thought was one of interested . I , like many , have always heard of the `` Great Canadian Author Margaret Atwood '' , and I eagerly began to read the book . As I waded my way through awkward prose , and over symbolic plot devises , I came to realize that if this was a ` great Canadian author ' I shudder to think what the not so great are like . I found it rather odd that the only form of rebellion the ` enslaved ' women took was swearing , thinking and committing sexual activities , and dreaming about beauty products . To think that in a book with such strong feministic undertones that these would be the only dreams , thoughts , and activities of women who are denied such things as reading , and the pursuit of knowledge , seems almost as flawed as the prose she uses to declare them . I was greatly disappointed at Margaret Atwood 's writing , and wonder why the truly great Canadian authors , such as say Robertson Davies , are not made a larger part of the education system . In short this was one of the largest disappointments I have come across in my lifetime , and look with fear towards the next of her books I will be forced to read .
 Atwood deserves to be on the Wall . Just kidding , but basically , the book put me to sleep . I disliked the way she kept flashing back and forth between her memories and the present time . The ending left you hanging , which I REALLY HATED . If I had n't been forced to read it , I never would have given it a second glance . The movie is better .
 This book was flat and boring ! I hated the character especially Offred . I do n't know what message Atwood was trying to send and by the end of the book I did n't care .
 Before reading this , you should know that this book is extremely anti-Christian , and full of nonsense . This is a future world where very few women are fertile , and `` Christian '' religious right men are in charge . Because so few women can have children , those who can are used as `` handmaids '' - essentially , they have babies for the men and their sterile wives . Now , there is no mention in this novel of why egg donors and implantation are n't used , or why fertility treatments are n't employed . There are also women used as prostitutes-those who are defiant about the existing order . This is a paranoid feminist novel , one completely unlikely to happen , and one that will piss you off to read . It is n't even a good story . I had to read this for school and hated every minute of it . There is no truth in it , just a rallying cry for NARAL . If you 're conservative like me , skip it . It will only make you angry .
 The story , IMO , tries too hard to gross out the reader . Plot is all over the place , and though I have read more than 60 percent of the novel on my Kindle Fire , that 's the best I can do . I enjoyed the frequent wordplay in the novel , but that could n't carry me through the whole novel .
 For some reason I found this book kind of boring . I understand her life was boring , and that all she had to look forward to was a sneaky romance . The reality of this to ever happen in the future is unrealistic . It 's a story to be easily forgotten .
 I had to read this book for english class at school . I reallydid n't like it . I found it confusing how offred went back and forthfrom present time to her old life . It was disgusting how she discribed the ritual for her to get pregnant . What kind of author would actually write about beig a handmaid , especially if it 's not true ? I heard there 's a movie that 's based on the book , and they end different . Thank goodness the commander does n't die in the book like the movie , that would have made me hate this book more . I ca n't believe people would actually enjoy this book . I think your ratin was rather high , seeing as it 's kind of a strange topic .
 Neither subtlety nor realism necessarily rank among the most important ingredients of a successful polemic , but one largely devoid of both can not claim much merit . Having said that , it is just about possible to read Atwood 's book against itself as a parody of a certain sort of contemporary American feminist writing.The saddest thing about ` The Handmaid 's Tale ' is that Atwood is clearly a highly intelligent , educated and cultured individual . She * must * know * herself * that ` HT ' is ludicrously over the top . Why on earth she chose to offer it to a publisher remains a mystery to me .
 Could not get into this book and after the first chapter - I put it down . Rarely , do I not finish a book that I have started
 This book took me 3 days to finish ... over a one year period , that is how long it took to continuously muster the willpower to finish it . I do n't know where to begin with what 's wrong with this book , a much shorter list would be what is actually good about it and that is the few pages between Offred discovering the fate of her fellow handmaid Ofglen and discovering her own fate . But even this is problematic , much like the characters and the entire plot , this occurrence is underdeveloped and hurried . This book might as well have been a series of unrelated short stories , as each chapter is somewhat disjointed from the next . Simply put
 I read because of a book club that I am a member . The book had no positive themes within in it . Not realistic as a futuristic fantasy . Ending had no resolution , and so on , and so on ! I would not recommend .
 I would have given 3 stars , as it was merely dull , ham-fisted , and in a writing style I do n't appreciate , but I 've decided to start dropping a star from any book not about WWII which brings Nazis to bear , whether as the `` bad guy '' in a thriller or as here , simply a long recollected passage meant to draw parallels with the protagonist 's own dystopia - if you need to mention Nazis for me to understand that the regime is evil , you 're doing something wrong . -LRB- Copied from my Goodreads review -RRB-
 I did n't think it was that great . Atwood is a good writer , and there are some beautifully written passages in the book . Overall it was hard for me to get through . Mostly , the lack of logic in the plot annoyed me . And I got really sick of the narrator character . Basically the whole book takes place inside her imagination , which is a place I would rather not be . She did n't seem very smart , and I thought she was a pretty boring and weak person . Also , I 'm not a big fan of reading about racey infidelity.Also , I prefer stories about people attempting to fix their problems instead of just whining about them . I know that negative stories can often teach us things . But I do n't feel I gained much more than a headache from reading this particular story .
 This book has been made into a cheesey `` opera '' . That should tell you everything you need to know about this book.The plot follows . An extremist religious group gains control of the US military and overthrows our government . They then establish their own theocracy where women have no rights and they persecute members of other religious groups , not much unlike modern day Iran -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . If you do n't know why this is not very imaginative and laughably impossible you need to spend more time in reality and less time in fantasy land .
 I 've read 1984 , Brave New World , Utopia , Catch-22 , Fahrenheit 451 , Slaghterhouse 5 , A Clockwork Orange and dozens maybe even hundred 's of other books . From classics like War and Peace to A Tale of Two Cities to modern writers like Micheal Crichton and Carl Hiasson . Through all these books it has been a rarity to put one down and not finish it . Well here is one that is a waste of time . If I wanted to paint a picture based off of the main characters life her descriptions would suffice . I was hoping for an exciting journey to a future world that would have me turning page after page . Instead I have endless ranting 's about pointless jibberish , that add 's little if anything to the story . It 's boring , dull and and does n't seem to go anywhere . I 've only heard and read postive things about this book , so maybe I was just expecting too much . I would like to point out that few books would inspire me to write about them in a negative light so this is not common for me . I made it to page 140 and I just could n't take anymore , it seemed to be a waste of time and truly not fulfilling . However , if it suddenly picks up pace and turns into the page turner I thought it would be , I do apologize . Although at this point the only way I think that book could pick up pace is if you threw it from an airplane . Out of all the books I 've read probably less than five were written by females , books like this one reinforce why I stick with reading male written material . Wait now , before you send me too much hate mail I would like to add that one of the very best books I 've ever read was Atlas Shrugged by Aynn Rand . It may be the best written word I 've read next to the Holy Bible . I just could n't let some readers know that this book is n't all it 's hyped up to be . I may have missed the point but I doubt it since , as you can tell , I 'm kind of a fan of the genre !
 This novel is not a work of genius designed to make you think . It is a politically correct straw man designed to indoctrinate you . Even Hitler 's Germany produced no such culture as Gilead ; indeed , such a society is not envisioned by ANY conservative or Christian group - it 's all made up . Ask yourself - would ANYONE really act this way ? A `` Christian '' slave state ? Come on , America was FOUNDED by conservative Christians . They do n't want a world like this any more than atheists , secularists , or Jews do . This novel is just a cover for anti-religious slander . The author 's intention is to attack a certain religion - it is hate literature . Here in Canada we are taught to respect other people 's religions - everyone should respect others , yes , even aggressive feminists like the author should . Handmaid 's Tale is an ugly , offensive work of bigotry , the kind of thing Nicholas II and Hitler produced about the Jews before targeting them . Fairminded college profs will expose it , not require it .
 This novel is not a work of genius designed to make you think . It is a politically correct straw man designed to indoctrinate you . Even Hitler 's Germany produced no such culture as Gilead ; indeed , such a society is not envisioned by ANY conservative or Christian group - it 's all made up . Ask yourself - would ANYONE really act this way ? A `` Christian '' slave state ? Come on , America was FOUNDED by conservative Christians . They do n't want a world like this any more than atheists , secularists , or Jews do . This novel is just a cover for anti-religious slander . The author 's intention is to attack a certain religion - it is hate literature . Here in Canada we are taught to respect other people 's religions - everyone should respect others , yes , even aggressive feminists like the author should . Handmaid 's Tale is an ugly , offensive work of bigotry , the kind of thing Nicholas II and Hitler produced about the Jews before targeting them . Fairminded college profs will expose it , not require it .
 Supposedly this book is about a male dominated society that is dominated by males . However this book actually reveals a thriving subculture of feminist underground revolt . In a way , I think , it parallels our own society . Seriously , how many female generals do YOU know ? Oh , zero ? Precisely . And I bet the male ones you know have mistresses . PRECISELY . The society depicted in this book is supposed to be an `` extreme '' . But in reality it is happening here and now , right around us . Hell , just the other day my neighbor was shot by the government and his wife taken as a midwife . And a hotel used as brothel ? Gee , that 's never happened before .
 This boook was just horrid . I will admit that it was well written , but it is not meant for high school students to read . I am a Junior and I was required to read it for my Honors English class and it was just too crude . It talks a lot about sex and is just too harsh for young ears or for any ears really . It seems as if all our culture revolves around anymore is sex and having a Junior English class read it just validates that statement further . If you want to crowd your mind with pornography related scenes and just plain filth then read it , but I advise you not to and to not recommend it to anyone else .
 Definitely an interesting concept however the manner in which this story is told just really is n't my cup of tea . I made myself finish although I wanted to set the book aside a quarter of the way through it . I found it to be cumbersome , at time difficult to follow and ultimately quite boring.I 'm the first to admit that it looks like my opinion is in the minority . Different strokes for different folks , I guess .
 This is quite possibly the best-written book I 've ever hated to read . Ms. Atwood 's writing skills are superb and she takes an otherwise dreadfully slow paced and hideous book of man - and woman-bashing and makes it quite a good read . Her writing skills not withstanding , the book is entirely without a single good point . One expects from feminist literature something new and interesting in the examination of the relationship between the sexes . Amy Tan in The Joy Luck Club brought us an interesting look at what feminism means to Asian-American women . It does n't happen in this book , which is filled with trite stereotypes and two-dimensional figures . One expects strong female role models , characters worthy of emulation . Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon gave us both villainous and heroic women who were nevertheless fascinating studies as strong female characters . This novel , sad to say , lacks even a single female worthy of a moment 's consideration . More disappointingly , it falls back on trite and overworked male bashing in lieu of actually having anything original to say on the subject of male-female relationships.Misandry is sadly to be expected from many types of feminist literature , and this novel is a good example of this trend . Ms. Atwood did n't feel it good enough to simply make a few of the male characters in her novel lacking in merit , nor did she feel it good enough to make most of the male characters poor examples of their kind . No , for Ms. Atwood nothing less than the total male population of her novel had to be self-serving , ill defined , and quite flat models for her venomous attacks.The kindest male character in the book , the one character that Offred truly cares for , is her lost husband Luke . Even this character , under scrutiny , boils down to loathsome traits of which not all men , despite Ms. Atwood 's beliefs , are predisposed . Luke , for one thing , began dating Offred while he was still married to his first wife . Moira `` disapproved of Luke , back then . Not of Luke but of the fact that he was married . '' -LRB- 171 -RRB- . Offred 's great love , it appears , left his first wife for a `` newer model , '' or so it would appear , as Luke is described as being older than Offred . Offred later describes him as being rather taken with the idea of her new legally enforced servility . After finding out that his wife has no legal rights to property under the new regime , he seems to take it in stride with aplomb . `` He does n't mind this , ... '' Offred thinks , `` He does n't mind it at all . Maybe he even likes it . We are not each other 's , anymore . Instead , I am his . '' -LRB- 182 -RRB- . Yes , this woman 's great love , the man she pines for throughout the entire novel , kinda likes the idea of having his wife as property.Offred 's mother is perhaps the guiltiest party in the book to carry on misandristic demagoguery . `` What do I need -LSB- men -RSB- for , I do n't want a man around , what use are they except for ten seconds ' worth of half babies . A man is just a woman 's strategy for making other women . '' -LRB- 121 -RRB- Many of the Aunts are good for a line or two , as well . `` Men are sex machines , said Aunt Lydia , and not much more . They only want one thing . '' -LRB- 144 -RRB- . Elsewhere she warns her charges that `` Modesty is invisibility ... Never forget it . To be seen -- to be seen -- is to be -- her voice trembled -- penetrated . '' -LRB- 28 -RRB- Even Andrea Dworkin never went that far.Perhaps this stereotyping would n't be quite so bad , on it 's own . It would definitely make for flat reading and an uninteresting cast of characters , if not for the outright violation , albeit mentally , of the Commander by Offred . In quite the vilest simile I have ever read in my life , Offred daydreams of knifing the Commander , of slipping a shiv between his ribs , `` I think about the blood coming out of him , hot as soup , sexual , over my hands . '' -LRB- 140 -RRB- Had this passage been written by a male author , or had this passage been a man thinking this about a woman , the entire feminine press , and much of the left wing press as well , would have immediately risen in outraged indignity over the equation of this act of violence with a sexual act . Andrea Dworkin would have risen into the air and bellowed that this was just the sort of outrageous misogynistic rape that the male culture perpetually pressed on women . Since it was n't , not a peep . It seems this type of violent sexual assault is only wrong when perpetuated by men against women , the reverse does not seem to hold true.Far more confusing than the rather trite use of male bashing by the book 's author is the author 's clear misogynistic attitudes , as well . Male bashing may well be expected in a feminist novel , but the woman bashing seems intuitively counterproductive to the apparent aims of the novel . There seems , in fact , to be an utter lack of strong female characters in this novel , at least ones who are n't simultaneously misogynistic themselves . Serena Joy , the Commander 's wife , certainly seems like a fairly strong character , but then she helped to create the world she currently lives in , though she may not bee too happy about the results -LRB- 46 -RRB- . The Aunt 's are certainly strong characters , but they 're bad guys , no doubt about it . They are responsible for the indoctrination and enslavement of women to the purposes of the Gileadean regime . Which leaves us with Moira and Offred herself.First , let me dispatch with Offred . While in the Red center , while still fresh from the outside , she takes readily to the indoctrination of the Aunts and actively participates on tearing down Janine , who has suffered a rape in the past , by blaming her for the rape , by claiming it was her fault . `` For a moment ... we despised her . '' -LRB- 72 -RRB- Later , while holding the dirty little secret of her affair with her Commander in mind , she thinks of Serena thusly , `` I now had power over her , of a kind , although she did n't know it . And I enjoyed that . Why pretend ? I enjoyed it a lot . '' -LRB- 162 -RRB- Let us not forget that this is n't her first affair , either . In regards to Offred 's relationship with Luke '' -LSB- Moira -RSB- said I was poaching , on another woman 's ground . '' She later becomes so self-absorbed and wrapped up in her little affair with Nick that she refuses to help the resistance when asked.I ca n't , I say to Ofglen . I 'm too afraid . Anyway I 'd be no good at that , I 'd get caught . I scarcely take the trouble to sound regretful , so lazy have I become . We could get you out , she says . We can get people out if we really have to , if they 're in danger . Immediate danger . The fact is I no longer want to leave , escape , cross the border to freedom . I want to be here , with Nick , where I can get at him . -LRB- 271 -RRB- This total capitulation , this acceptance of her slave state , this total passivity of hers is what makes her most pitiful , and hateful . Even her fantasies of escape revolve around Luke somehow making a miraculous rescue and reuniting her with her husband and daughter -LRB- 106 -RRB- . But she takes no active role in attempting any escapes , nor an active role in much of anything that I can see . She is utterly passive and lets the world simply roll over her and then bemoans her fate when it does.What , then , can we make of Moira ? She is at least active . She cares for others actively and vehemently . In the Red center when Janine has a nervous breakdown and becomes unresponsive to real world stimuli , it is Moira who takes command of the situation and manages to snap her out of it before the Aunts return -LRB- 215-17 -RRB- . She even manages to make an escape from the Red center -LRB- 130-33 -RRB- and contact the `` Underground Frailroad '' -LRB- another bit of misplaced misogyny -RRB- and almost manages to escape the country before she is caught . I had hope that here , finally , I might find a strong character , and I certainly found the strongest in the book . But in the end , even Moira capitulates and chooses a life as a prostitute in `` The Club , '' better known as Jezebel 's to the girls that work there . Her life span will be brief , perhaps `` three or four good years before your snatch wears out and they send you to the boneyard . '' -LRB- 249 -RRB- So , in the end , even Moira gives up . Pity . The novel would have been far more interesting if it had simply been written about Moira and left Offred as a supporting character .
 However , that present is in Islamic areas , where women literally * are * second class citizens . When a woman is raped , it is the woman who is punished -LRB- sometimes a brutal flogging -RRB- as it is assumed somehow she enticed the man.Margaret Atwood is a talented author and I have enjoyed some of her other works . But to see a supposedly concerned feminist being worked into hysterics over an entirely unlikely and theoretical oppression of women by the Christian right in the future while completely ignoring an ACTUAL and BRUTAL widespread oppression of women all over the Islamic world happening NOW , TODAY really is jarring.The curtain of theocratic dystopianism seems to always be descending on America , yet it always lands in the Muslim world.Why not write some books celebrating the heroines who have stood up against the oppression in the Islamic world ? We do n't need to invent imaginary people who suffer through not being considered a person ... we have millions of them around us in the world today.But I guess since the villians would n't be , broadly speaking , Republicans , that story can not be told .
 This book is the worst pile of feminist crap that I have ever had the misfortune to read . It belongs in a dumpster . It 's the sort of book which lets one understand why some people burn books for fun .
 Why the author uses America as the evil totalitarian country is ludicrous . Anyone who truly believes that there are Christians out there that want to create a society of repressed women slaves is truly uneducated with the facts . Ms. Atwood would be far more intelligle using a story such as this in relation to an islamic takeover of a country . This book was ridiculous . Do n't waste your time .
 Anyone who seriously believes Atwood 's scenario represents a realistic glimpse into any conceivable future is in need of `` professional help , '' as Ann Landers used to say . Modern Christian women are empowered as individuals in their own right , and Atwood 's paranoid delusions are utterly divorced from reality . The `` right-wing '' Bush administration has as many or more women in positions of power than any administration in history . Even in the goofy world of Christian televangelism , women are movers-and-shakers in their own right , making decisions , earning money , and shaping their own futures.Note that Atwood 's `` glimpse into the near future '' was written 20 years ago , and nothing even remotely resembling her predictions has come to pass . It is amazing that the creator of such imbecilic , bigoted drivel is still considered a `` highly respected '' author .
 I thought that she was a superb author until I found out about her acceptance of the Dan David award for $ 10 million at Tel Aviv University . I thought she was an anti-colonialist and anti-racists . The book is good , but it turns out the author is a bad person . You ca n't pick and choose which certain racisms , certain colonial-settler projects , are more acceptable than others . What a disappointment ! Shame on you , Atwood !
 the plot was never revealed , and you can get easily confused because the narrater switches back and forth between charecters . Also , she keeps remebering a lover of hers that was already married to another woman . i would defentally NOT recomend this book to ANYONE !!!!
 As an undergrad in college I was required to read this novel for an English course -- go figure . From what I remember the story is centered around a woman who is caught up in a theocratic regime which takes over the US , and she is forced to abhorrent things like have men in the administration sire children through her.Looking back now , the situation described in the novel reminds me more of the Stalin regime than any type of theocracy I can think of , even the kind they have in some muslim countries -LRB- Yevgeny Zamyatins `` We '' comes more to mind -- Stalin admired that novel -RRB- . In fact , the `` abhorrent '' situation I described above is not much unlike the `` Lebensborn '' program -LRB- a.k.a. `` human stud farm '' -RRB- which Heinrich Himmler used to propagate the `` Aryan '' race during the Third Reich . And you youngsters who have been brainwashed into believing that Hitler 's government was Christian , you ought to read up on the occult roots of Nazism -LRB- see e.g. Peter Levenda 's book -RRB- .
 I am an average reader . I read The Handmaid 's Tale as a school project . I found it to be poorly written and incredibly boring . The book does n't have much of a plot , the character development is amazingly poor , and the author 's use of sensationalism was really quite revolting . The author seems to say , `` This is what will happen if we let those damn Republicans in office !! '' Personally , I do n't mind hearing the message once or twice , but it is repeated over and over throughout the 400 pages of this horrible book . I can see how a leftist feminist might enjoy this book , but I do n't think it is possible for anyone else -LRB- including the entire male gender -RRB- to enjoy this book .
 I saw a recommendation for this book in one of the threads on the Kindle discussion board ; my bad for buying based on the majority of good reviews and not even trying a sample first!Good grief , what a waste of time and money - I may have read a worse book , but if I did , it has blessedly left my memory . I struggled through 50 % of this piece of garbage ; really only kept reading that long hoping something would happen to give it some redeeming value since I 'd paid for it - no such luck.Lesson learned .
 I personally believe `` Best Sellers '' should be decided by how many people actually WANT the book.And just because a book is a classic doesnt mean its any good .
 I found the writing style abrupt and rigid . I did not like the way information was given to the reader . It was difficult to follow at times . Though the topic was very disturbing , it was an interesting insight to the possibility of a police state . This book was chosen for a book club read and though I did not like the book it will certainly make for a good book club discussion .
 I did not enjoy reading The Handmaid 's Tale because it simply did not interest me . I did find this book well written and quite complex . Margret Atwood did an excellent job in writing this novel because of all of the different dynamics she used . The Handmaid 's Tale presents a new type of dystopia then the novels such as 1984 and Fahrenheit 451 , which made this novel unique . The Handmaid 's Tale , which is a feminist novel , depicts an alternate reality -LRB- a dystopia -RRB- where men appear to have complete control and power , while ironically the women -LRB- specifically the handmaids -RRB- hold the actual power . The women in Gilead have freedom from , but no longer freedom to -LRB- pg . 24 -RRB- . Offred , a handmaid , recapitulates her experiences from before and after Gilead became established.Offred represents a complex and dynamic character . She has many struggles within herself which develops her personality . Despite these characteristic which would seem to make Offred an interesting character , she annoyed me . Margret Atwood tries to have the reader sympathize with Offred because of the oppression that Gilead 's government has pushed on her . Instead of sympathizing with Offred , I felt that she just complained and sulked throughout the entire novel . Offred always talked about how she wished to escape Gilead and find her husband and daughter . Instead of taking any initiative she would lie in her bed and feel sorry for herself . Offred had no perseverance or courage which Moira -LRB- Offred 's best friend -RRB- clearly showed . If The Handmaid 's Tale profiled Moira and not Offred it would have given the novel a more intriguing and exciting main character.An aspect of this novel that I severely disliked was all of the chronotopes . A chronotope is `` a thickening of time in a particular place . As an event or image in a text gains important , the passage of the time allows down to present its details to the reader '' . In The Handmaid 's Tale when Offred would go into a chronotope it always gave the reader information about her old life . The reader learned about Offred 's family , the strange transformation of Gilead , and the events that happened at the RED Center . These chronotopes usually happened when Offred had a conflict going on -LRB- mentally or physically -RRB- . I dreaded each chronotope that Offred ever said because each chronotope was long , dull , and tiring to read . Margret Atwood should have not made the chronotopes such a significant part of In The Handmaid 's Tale . Without all of the chronotopes I would have enjoyed the novel much better.The lack of knowledge given to the reader throughout The Handmaid 's Tale irritated me quite a bit . Margret Atwood mentions many events and things in the novel , but she did not explain them well . At many points in the novel I was confused because of the lack of explanation . I wish Atwood would have given more details on how Gilead became established because the reasons for the development seemed unlikely and pointless . Offred never fully developed her thoughts which would always leave me wondering what Offred was doing . I just had so many unanswered questions during the reading of this novel and none of them were ever answered . I am sure Atwood did this on purpose to support the theme of the unknown , but it was frustrating for me.I suggest that high school students should read this because of the literary content . I did learn a lot from this novel and found the ideas and themes interesting . Atwood raises complex questions throughout this novel such as , `` What would you do in Offred 's situation ? '' and `` What would happen if the United States became a totalitarian government ? '' However , I did not find this novel entertaining . It is definitely a book for English class or for people who like science fiction novels . -LRB- I had to write this review for English class -RRB-
 Upon reading the synopsis of this book , one felt captivated immediatly . On preparing myself for the acclaimed 1984ish style and structure , I expected a nightmare which truely provoked raw emotion . How wrong I was . True , it would be unfair to say the book was crap , as it is clearly written with careful attention so as to create maximum thought and impact . The plot too holds a lot of promise but never delivers the Orwellian dread that could have been . Margaret Atwood is a woman with a lot to say , but unfortunatly does not possess the skill to put all this into a single coverbound dissertation . As a poet , metaphor is second nature to Atwood , a fact which becomes increasingly obvious as the novel progresses . Atwood 's major error in writing this book is that she assumed that everybody would be captivated by her style and hold on until the very end of the book -LRB- Historical Notes -RRB- when all is revealed and the final piece of the puzzle slots neatly into place . As a feminist who clearly targets females as her audience , Atwood forgot that to ever be a literary classic , the book must be readable by all . A study of other reviews in this section will show that feminine readers will award excellent marks and the masculine minded will denounce the book as boring crap . Love it or hate it , the book is a good one so long as it is viewed through a womens eyes . Much of the `` horror '' is aimed at women and provoking them into thinking that this could happen . As a male reader , I found this complete bunk and much of the tension was lost on me . Proclaiming this text suitable for academic study may be a mistake . To assess the text well enough to get an `` A '' , one must read between the lines and think as a woman . This is neither an easy or comfortable way of studying a novel and I 'm using this review to point it out . Final Word
 Perhaps the worst book I 've ever read . Do n't waste your time.Criticisms of the book fall into these three categories :1 -RRB- It is boorish , vulgar , and obscene .2 -RRB- It is poorly written . It 's not great , or even good literature .3 -RRB- It is politically correct , agenda driven literature , with a preposterous plot.Boorish , obscene , poorly writtenAmazon asks reviewers not to use distasteful , vulgar or obscene selections from the book when reviewing a book . Therefore , these quotes are not included in this review . You will have to search elsewhere for examples of these quotes . Nor is one supposed to direct you to the sites , so this information is not provided either . Suffice it to say there is much vulgarity and sexually sadistic imagery , and that this is one of the major problems with the book.Poorly writtenApart from its boorishness , one can make these observations about the writing
 well all i have to say about this book is that to me it sucked . no matter how futuristic it got or how good it attempted to get it just could n't hold my interest . the historical notes did alot for me but it still did n't make me remember this book . definitly not one of my favorites . i would n't ever read this book again i can tell u that for a fact . jacki.a
 Those of you who like Atwood will enjoy this book , ... I guess ... it 's very futuristic and deals with some scary subjects , but flat out , it 's boring ... if you have to read it , I suggest Cliff Notes !
 This semester , in Grade Twelve english class , they forced this book down my throat . Do n't think I am an illiterate jock . I am the opposite . I understand the book , and it is nothing but a great example of Atwood 's disillusioned view of society . Never will anything remotely like the Republic of Gilead be formed . Atwood 's intentionally vivid description of the impregnation ritual is unnecessary . I am not offended by it , I am disgusted by it . NEVER in any english class will a book written by a male rights activist be required reading , so why should we read a book by an outdated feminist ? Ever since women -LRB- deservedly -RRB- got the vote , feminists have had to scrounge for stuff to gripe about . Take Ally McBeal , for example . Feminism was successful , and now is no longer necessary in North America . In this day and age , women get good jobs , and are treated equally , sometimes better than men . They are not , and never will be , brainless robots used as fetus containers . -LRB- That 's just my opinion . Buy the book , if you believe the hype . -RRB-
 My Book Club assigned this book . I never would have chose it on my own . And I certainly never would have finished it had I not been obligated to do so before my next club meeting .
 According to my opinion the handmaid 's tale by Margaret Atwood is not worth reading . The general idea of the novel is not bad at all , but the style of writing is very boring . For people who are not interested in depressing dystopias it 's a waste of time to read it . The story is often confusing and incoherent . Also the fast changing time levels make it hard to read.Even though it was a torture for me to read it -LRB- at school -RRB- , the topic of the book makes quite sense as we all live in a fragile society and it is not unrealistic that we might end in a world described in the book . So that 's why i gave two stars of five .
 In this novel Atwood seems to want to tell us lots of earth-shattering things about gender , repression and the social climate of 1980s America . She may well have succeeded - but for me any such message was occluded by her embarassing , cringeworthy prose . She suffers from the same malady that riddles DeLillo 's prose
 While I agree with many reviewers that the subject matter is interesting and perhaps relevant to today , where women are stripped of rights in some places in the world , I did not like this book . As a result of her situation , Offred 's character holds herself distant from the world around her . While a reasonable response to a screwed-up world , her narrating is just as distant and flat and I found myself not really caring what happened to her . The plot moved very slowly , and I wound up reading the plot synopsis on Wikipedia just to see if anything better is coming . It does n't appear so , and so I 'm not sure if I 'll even bother with the last few chapters of the book .
 When I first started reading , I enjoyed the beginning . It captivated me and I expected a really good , developed story . However , as I continued , the monotany and general boredom took over my thoughts and the book became a horrible chore to read . Margaret Atwood also drove me up the wall with her lack of astounding vocabulary . She never diversified her words . By the end of the novel , I was thoroughly disappointed and I refused to read the historical notes . I did n't feel like going through the epitomy of boredom for another 20 pages .
 If you 're one of those people who gripe about how bad today 's world is - read this book ! It illustrates a society in which women are nothing but breeding machines . The government controls everything . Real love is unwanted . It is shocking to see how close many muslim countries are to this scenario . However , this would never happen in the U.S.A. . Why ? Because personal freedom is a fundamental right every American believes in . We would n't let it get this far .
 I 'm not wild about the book , because it scares me . I believe I 've heard the type of situation such as the one in the book called a `` distopia `` I suppose our society turning so fanatical could happen.It happened in Afghanistan with the Talliban . Personally the thought is horrifying . All personal freedoms are limited . People who disagree are killed , all in the name of religion .
 The first part just plain sucked . The thought that our world could degrade to such a point is simply pathetic . Suspend the constitution , Oh Puhleeeze ! Afterm page 200 it gets better and things start to fall into place . But you have to read the historical notes for it to make any sense at all . `` NO sir , I do n't like it . ''
 While I was searching for a new book to read , I stumbled across Atwood 's new novel , Oryx and Crate . I read the reviews and many people agreed that the Handmaiden 's tale was much better . So I decided to buy it . Although Atwood writes very well , I found her story to be long and monotonous . I was appalled to see that this novel has been compared to the likes of Aldous Huxley 's `` A Brave New World '' , and `` 1984 '' . This book can only be seen on the same level as those books , if you are a hard core feminist . As a female , who enjoys a good story , I was was truly disapointed . I would recommend to anyone who is considering this novel to save their money , and read a true story on a women 's plight in war , rather than waste time on this garbage . I enjoy fiction , but Atwoods characters seemed empty and useless . A non-fiction novel on a similar topic would at least be educational and motivational , citing true obstacles to overcome . This novel is as interesting as a description of bed ridden patients day at a hospital .
 It really pains me when I read a book that is hailed as a classic many times over but for some reason or another it just does n't click at all with me . This is the case with The Handmaid 's Tale , which is unfortunate because I was very much looking forward to reading this book . I really really wanted to like this book but I ca n't force what is n't there for me.The Handmaid 's Tale is a dystopian novel set in Gilead , which is formally part of the USA . Most of this book is told in the first person perspective by a character named Offred . Offred is a handmaid , which means her sole purpose in this society is to produce children for her commander -LRB- whose name is Fred , Of Fred , you see -RRB- . Because of the fallout from a nuclear war most women are unable to have children , but Offred is thought to be fertile so during times when she is most fertile she is more or less forced to have passionate-free sex with the commander for the sole purpose of having babies -LRB- since his wife is unable to do such -RRB- . Other women play their role as well . `` Aunts '' keep watch on the Handmaids and are allowed to read and write -LRB- unlike the Handmaids -RRB- , `` Wives '' are the highest level caste , whom are married to high ranked men . `` Marthas '' are older , infertile women and `` Econowives '' are women who are married to lower ranked men . For men there are commanders , who are high ranking men , `` Eyes '' who are like the police and `` Angels '' who fight the wars . Only babies who are deemed as `` keepers '' are kept , `` unbabies '' vanish to somewhere unknown . There are other elements such as the Wall where people are hung-up dead for all to see , if they violate the laws of Gilead.What we have is an excellent setup for a good novel but unfortunately there are some serious issues with this book.First , this novel is really disjointed . The novel often bounces between present-time and Offreds past , but the transitions are n't smooth . This novel is written in a stream of concious style and it just does n't work for me . Because it bounces around all over the place it can be a bit confusing at times which draws me away from the story.Next , the prose is just bad . I understand what Attwood was trying to do here , she 's trying to make the character sound more real , but it often feels boring and the areas that are supposed to feel emotional just fall flat . It does n't have that organic feel to it like , say , ` We ' by Yevgenny Zamyatin , which is also written in the POV of the protagonist . Attwood often times tries to sound poetic but to me it comes off as just plain cheesy . She 'll often write a cheesy poetic line , followed by a word or two which is supposed to feel impactful but it just does n't to me . Or she 'll write repetitive lines to try and build on the impact , but again it falls flat for me , for example - `` The Commander is the head of the household . The house is what he holds . To have and told hold , till death do us part . The hold of a ship . Hollow . `` Or `` What I feel towards them is blankess . What I feel is that I must not feel . What I feel is partly relief , because none of these men is Luke . Luke was n't a doctor . Is n't . `` Or lines like - `` Moira had power now , she 'd been set loose , she 'd set herself loose . She was now a loose woman . `` This type of prose is strung throughout the book -LRB- in fact I just fumbled through a few random pages to find these for this review , there are way worse -RRB- . I was constantly drawn out of the story because of the cringe-inducing prose.The characters are also a bit flat . Offred is * slightly * three dimensional but most other characters are stuck in two dimensions . A good dystopia needs characters that really pop out of the page to succeed in pulling at my heart-strings . Finally , the ending fell flat . There is virtually no resolution . It seems like Attwood was going for an ending which would spark conversation -LRB- and for many people I 'm sure it does -RRB- but I really do n't like books where there is no resolution , you have no idea what happens to the protagonist.So , unfortunately this book just did n't work for me . It 's hard for me to say I do n't recommend reading it . Perhaps it 's me and I 'm just missing something . So , even though I give it a pessimistic 2.5 -LRB- rounded down to 2 -RRB- I 'd still say to check it out because so many people love this book .
 Terribly written , seems unwrapped - not enough info to go on , terrible , terrible , tertible , terrible , terrible , terrible , terrible , awful lousy , badly written -
 The story was about all I liked . It all-around too much and really did not let you know what was going on . I found it very hard to follow most of the time .
 boring , repeatedly boring , nothing new , nothing bizarre , How come people are amazed by this book don `` t they know anything about History ? Atwood is not inventive , besides if you have time enough count the few words she uses ... always the same . Atwood is not a great writer , she is merely a writer . A boring dystopian novel ... already written by others in a real better way . Do n't read it better ACT .
 I bought the audio book for my wife since she loved the book . She was very disappointed in this abridged edition . It is mainly sound effects and dramatization , not what was expected .
 This novel is one of the dreariest novels I have ever read . It even goes into describing the flies on the wall . I had to read this novel for my English class in my final year of high school and I would sure feel sorry for the poor buggers that still have to read it . Im sorry Atwood , but you 're a dreamer . Your day dreaming when you write hardly does your hypothesis any justice . My advice to readers is to read things that are presented that way you would like to read them . If you have no life , go ahead and read all of Atwood 's novels .
 Others have criticized the book on the author 's writing style , and that it 's an obvious feminist polemic . While I agree the writing is , at times , overly impressionistic , and the feminism is blatant and outmoded , neither of these are my main problem with the story.Atwood fancies herself a writer of speculative fiction , meaning plausible - usually dystopian - futures . The problem is the speculation is so twee in its musings . At the current time , forty years after Atwood burned her bra and wrote this book , women are being systematically raped in the Congo , or the Sudan . And historical precedent also challenges the validity of her predicted future -LRB- e.g. , The Nanking Massacre in 1937 , The Khmer Rouge , etc -RRB- . The point being that her chaste little world of the Republic of Gilead is so absurd and unlikely given the known barbarism of human nature when released full force.The book actually becomes an insult to women 's rights , denying their natural sexuality , and a grave miscalculation of the evils to which society is capable of descending . The sexual behavior is bizarre , not in its perversion , but in its dowdy prudishness and unintended subtext of closeted lesbianism - specifically the `` mating '' rituals.It 's to the misguided predictions of Atwood that - while American society has progressively advanced women 's rights - other crimes against women , and people in general , in other parts of the world have and had greatly exceeded the ones put forth in The Handmaid 's Tale . In this sense , the book is a disastrous failure , and its laurels a small crime against humanity .
 The skills of the writer lacked to the point of boredum and her attempt at establishing a stable premise at which to convey the ways in which this ridiculus world came about are not present . Socialogical factors are not even represented throughly . Reading the novel you need to forget about 80 % of the population . And if i have to read one more book about social roles god save us all
 Shame , shame , shame ! As a Canadian who has an extensive knowledge of literature available in Canada , Ms Atwood should have had the decency to acknowledge the -LSB- similarities between -RSB- her novel -LSB- and -RSB- John Wyndham 's novella `` Consider Her Ways '' . The similarities between her book and the Wyndham book which predates it are too numerous to allow reviewers to use words like `` original '' .
 A very boring book that has some interesting ideas but unfortunately fails miserably in bringing those ideas together . Atwood may be a good writer but her writing talents are spent here . In Offred , she creates a very pathetic character that is too uninteresting for the readers to care about what happens to her . I could not wait for this book to end , although I applaud Atwood for her creativity . This book belongs in the 70s when the feminist movement was taking shape . In the 90s , it is outdated . If anything , this book is NOT timeless . `` The Handmaid 's Tale '' is a waste of paper that should have been written by a better writer or as a better story .
 First of all , this book was so difficult to get into that I almost gave up on it . But then again , I do n't like science fiction.The only way to spice up this boring , ridiculous story was for me to pretend it was from a different world , such as a Star Trek episode . Then it just became funny.I was not moved in anyway with this book , except for possibly lightly humored . It was not disturbing because it was so laughable and unrealistic . The most disturbing thing was the bizarre nightclub scene , because it seemed to be just thrown in there to be provacative , which unfortunately , it was n't . Just was n't my cup of tea at all . Sorry .
 Boring anti male story of a nazi like society in the US where women are forced birthing slaves . As if any man would ever want to live in Atwoods world . Very sloooow book . I can not disagree more with the positve reviews . I want a refund . Totally derivative of Orwell with characters you wont care about . Many other near future sci fi books are much better . Dont waste your time with this one .
 The blurb on the back of my copy reads something like , '' ... Atwood takes today 's trends and extends them to their chilling and logical conclusions ... `` Excuse me , what ? This book in no way convinced me that American society would end up in the bizarre ' 1984 ' - like ripoff presented here . To even suggest this as the logical future is completely shortsighted and ignores all advances women have made towards equality in the past hundred years or so.The entire book reads as an extremely heavy-handed attack on sexism . It fails to conjure up a realistic society , its characters defy common sense and reason , and it even falls flat in illustrating an interesting love story . The themes presented here have been analyzed a dozen times in far more interesting and coherent books . Skip this one .
 In my opinion `` The Handmaid 's Tale '' by Margaret Atwood is a rather annoying lecture if you are not interested in the issue of dystopias and totalitarian states.Lenghty and very detailed descriptions of the everyday life of the protagonist might force the bravest readers to surrender.The basic idea , however , is well chosen and the topic offers a lot of potential to create a disturbing and even horrific vision of the future . Atwood delivers with her novel a new aspect in the various dystopias of the 20th century
 I had to read the novel for an English lit course and it one of the poorest I have ever had the misfortune to read . I am sorry to say that I found it very slow and over written . The characters are shallow , the story line is far fetched and the nding is just downright unsatisfactory . And then , just when you think you 've reached the end you discover ` Hisorical notes . ' We are all aware that it is a story so why prolong our torture with ` Historical notes ' ? Its not real and the notes are irrelevant . Not only that , they pose the question of how Offred was able to record them . No-where in the novel does she relay any such detail as her difficulty in keeping records . And finally , my last moan , why are the notes at the end ? They would provide a good basis and outline of the novel . They belong at the front . Though to be perfectly honest the whole thing belongs in the bin . Never agin should a student be subjected to such rubbish .
 I have not read any other book by Margaret Atwood so this review is solely based on the writing in this book and what I got out of it , which was not much.The first chapters are particularly innundated with incomplete sentences which usually give a sense of urgency to the reader . In this case , it just made the reading tedious . You do not want to read this book out loud because it will make you sound very annoying.Even though I 'm all for criticizing religious extremists , a better book could have made the point without insulting people 's intelligence.On the story itself , I just did n't buy it from the beginning so it was difficult for me to get into it at all . Here 's why : - The changes that must have occurred in this society are supposed to have happened within 10 years . This is too far-fetched , as it has been mentioned before . Anyone who has taken any type of sociology/anthropology/economics / politics class is being asked to forget all they have ever learned and just go with the flow . No society where everyone living under it -LRB- including top officials -RRB- is unhappy and breaking their own rules is going to be sustainable for long and much less enforceable for long . Drugs are too easy an answer . - The main character is not really defined , she 's all over the place . In fact , for someone who was supposed to be a college grad , she 's pretty stupid . She thinks of herself as timid and complacent and yet every now and then she would have an outburst of assertiveness . Like her sudden awareness of her sex appeal and manipulation of it toward the Commander in those secret meetings . She was n't smart and that was a big turn off . - There were so many opportunities missed from the very beginning of better story lines that never took off . Ex . Ofglen , her partner in shopping , was aware of some underground movement and yet Offred never asked questions on the subject . Similarly , other handmaids during the ` birth day ' had information that our hero never bothered to pursue . Maybe she liked being a victim and the life she led . The book would have been so much more exciting if the character had been willing to take risks . Again , not a very smart or functional main character.Although I did n't like the character of Moria -LRB- come to think of it , I did n't like any of the characters -RRB- , I think I would have liked the book to be about her and her adventures better than Offred 's . She got a better perspective of what was going on and she was not afraid to explore the possibilities.I do not recommend this book . It asks it 's readers to conform to a mediocre story just like Offred is being asked to conform to a mediocre life with no real justification .
 Thinly-veiled left rant disguised as Orwellian thriller . Well-written and a good read overall , but one wonders why a writer of Atwood 's obvious gifts could not have been a little more subtle and less pedantic .
 Steven from Colorado , Colleen Clay , and Cynthia Spiegel have analyzed this book correctly , and I agree with their two star rating , although even that low rating seems hard to justify on the merits . They have discussed the many flaws of the novel , including the fact that it is dull , flat , meandering , uninspiring , and poorly written . But in addition to all that , it is misconceived . Atwood succeeds in evoking a dark dystopian world , pandering mightily in the process to current feminist hysteria and borrowing not a little from George Orwell ; but the plot goes nowhere . The book is -LRB- like most fantasy and sci-fi -RRB- utterly unbelievable -- and yes , I do get the parallels with the plight of Muslim women -- but even if we suspend our disbelief for the sake of the story , there is no story here worth our time . The book is simply a feminist diatribe in dystopian form . Nor is there one character with whom the reader can identify . The reputation that this book has acquired since I first read it almost fifteen years ago is far overblown . As ideology , it is a shrill harangue . As literature , it is a failed experiment and a pretentious one at that . Better Nora Roberts than this .
 I kept thinking something was going to happen . I thought , `` This book ca n't go all the way to the end without anything happening , can it ? '' But it did . It was quite a feat . You could summarize this book in about 45 seconds . And you 'd likely want your 45 seconds back . Is this supposed to be 1984 , Brave New World , or even Hunger Games ? If you compare it to any of those books , it is utter fail . I guess it was supposed to be sad , but I did n't even care about anyone , or anything in the story . And there was this weird section at the end , where they try to pretend it was a true story , and they are having a meeting to discuss the historical facts about the book . It starts out talking about a planned luncheon of the historical group . Was that supposed to make it seem `` authentic ? '' It was just bizarre .
 It was very well written , with imagery so vivid that it was at times disturbing . However , the ending ruined the entire book for me . I had never read anything by Atwood before , and I never will again . What a letdown !
 As Sci Fi books go this is a poorly written one . Doris Lessing once remarked that if you want to write literature in this day and age it has to be in the form of science fiction . Viewed in this light this is mrs Atwoods first attempt at writing literature and she shows here she does not -LRB- yet -RRB- have the writing ability . This book barely rises above the level of a feminist pamphlet , if that.For a properly written book on this theme see Suzette Haden Elgin 's ` Native Tongue ' -LRB- and sequels -RRB- .
 Bought this based off reviews and I think it was on sale for .99 . This book was n't really awful but just boring . I read the entire book looking forward to my `` other '' book waiting for me . Sadly this was not for me .
 I was disappointed with the style of Atwood 's writing . It felt as though she was trying to find the biggest and most obscure words to describe the environment . I am not the strongest reader , but love to read . I found this book to be one that I had to force myself to finish .
 I was buying this book for class but it turned out to be a different version , without the crucial additional introduction - it 's really disappointing .
 This was a puzzling , somewhat frightening story . I did n't enjoy reading it , but I had to see what happened in the end . Quite well written , but I got annoyed with all the descriptions -- just tell the story !
 This book contains every typical , boring , stereotypical jab from an author who obviously does n't understand the passages from the Bible that she uses to build the whole foundation of her book . Ironically , the passages from the Bible she chooses to depict man 's oppression sanctified by God were thought up , instigated and executed by the WOMEN in the passages , not the men . Note to author , please do more research on the main platitude of your book , so it can have validation . She obviously has an ax to grind with Judeo-Christian principles and uses this book as a platform to distort , cast aspersions , and instill fear regarding these belief systems.Regarding the story - extremely depressing , no hope , no good verses evil , just twisted grossness and blah . Her main character is weak , conviction less and incapable of making any exciting moves in this story . After I was done reading this book , I could find no takeaways , except there are no ends to the misunderstanding of Christianity and no shame in extorting it to promote women 's rights and freedoms and the author 's weird understanding of what that means . I read this book because so many other people have and wanted to know what all the hype was , instead I 'm mad I wasted my time and money .
 I tried to post a review on my account , but it was n't over 48 hrs old , so I could n't post this review . I 'm using a family member 's account with their permission to post this . - ElizabethAlthough Margaret Atwood tries to create a dystopian novel with a feminist focus , I feel this could not be achieved completely . The lack of information about the events that caused the Republic of Gilead to exist as presented caused me to become confused and lose focus on this . The readers learn that the government is very controlling , that the Constitution was repealed , and individual rights were diminished . However , the readers do not know how this came about.Already in the dark about the previous events that lead the society to this current condition , the readers do not learn hardly anything about the characters ' past lives . This ambiguity here causes more uncertainty , which leaves the readers questioning . I did not like the fact that I was left to either figure out or conjure up something about these characters and their previous lifestyles.The Handmaid 's Tale also , in my opinion , was extremely dull . I hardly ever felt engaged while reading this text . Perhaps the only time I was interested was when Offred encountered Moira at the club , and then Offred tells the readers about how Moira escaped , but was then in a sense , recaptured . Offred occasionally accounts events that are exciting and surprising , such as going to the `` club '' with the Commander , playing Scrabble with the Commander or visiting Nick at night . The stories about Offred 's husband , Luke , and her daughter were interesting too . Generally , however , Offred 's daily stories are ones of monotony . This sameness caused me to lose interest in the plot.I also felt that this novel should have been told from multiple perspectives . Since Offred was the only narrator , I could not always rely on what she said . I feel the novel would have been easier to understand and more enjoyable if a man 's perspective could have been shared as well . This might dilute the intended feminism , however such a limited perspective aggravated me because I feel like a story should be attacked from all angles . Perhaps a chapter told by the Commander or Nick would reveal their true feelings about the societal condition.I became aggravated when Offred continued to refuse to tell the readers her true name . Why is she hiding her identity ? If she is the heroine many critics claim her to be , why is she acting like this ? She tells Nick her real name and even tells the readers that she tells Nick this , but she does not reveal her name to us . What is the big issue ? Moira never took a `` new name , '' and never let herself be inferior to the women and men around her.A lot of critics seem to think that Offred is the heroine in this novel , but she does not do much to be considered a heroine . Moira acts as a heroine , as she does not let herself become subservient to the `` authorities '' around her and she is willing to take gigantic risks , such as her own death , to only possibly return to a similar life she once lived . Moira represents the typical heroine and actually provides us readers with excitement and hope . Offred , although she says she does not want to live in the current society does not seem to take action like Moira . What good is it if she does n't do something about her situation ? Her life will not improve and she will definitely never have such freedoms again.While I was reading this novel , I never felt the urge to read `` just one more page . '' It did not leave me hanging on the edge of my seat and it did not contain any suspense . Each page seemed to consist of monotony and this caused me to become bored quite quickly . If you like to read feminist novels about oppression and the coping mechanisms of a young woman experiencing this , The Handmaid 's Tale -LRB- wo n't let me underline the title -RRB- is the novel for you . If you are like me and enjoy reading novels with twists and turns , I would not recommend for you to read this novel as it would only result in disappointment .
 This novel might have made a decent short story of about 50-60 pages . After you 've read that far you 've gotten all there is to be gleaned from it and it 's a struggle to proceed further . Yes , we get it Margaret Atwood , you find religious extremism scary . And well you should , when we 've seen what the Taliban and Islamic fundamentalists have done to women and gays all over the world . Had your story been more mythical , as opposed to a poorly veiled attack on Christian fundamentalists -LRB- and I am not one so I have no particular dog in this fight -RRB- it could have been intriguing . Instead we have a dull and misguided polemic about how backward and misogynistic Christian evangelicals are .
 Book was very interesting and thought provoking , but exceptionally slow-moving and you really do n't find out most of the stuff that seems important in the story that the main character talks about . I had thought that there was more to the book -LRB- because there was a historical overview at the end that I thought was `` more book '' -RRB- and when I got to the last page , I was stunned at how little they told . I 'm a `` conflict to happy ending '' type of book reader and this was DEFINITELY not the book for me . But it was somewhat enlightening .
 A lackluster dystopian fiction , about what may happen in the future in a free country such as the US , if ruled under an authoritarian facist regime , where citizens behaviors get closely monitored and women lives are subjected to the will of the State . the story is dull , and told under a monotonous , first person monologue , that of the Handmaid . The editorial reviews promised a level of drama , mystery and intrigue , I did not experience in any chapter of this tale .
 The Handmaids Tale by Margaret Atwood entails a dystopian atmosphere with an emphasis on feminism , but the vague information on how the Republic of Gilead came about , the past lives of the characters , and the disorganized and confusing thoughts of the main character made the novel not enjoyable for me . I am debriefed throughout the novel of how Offred was trained to live in the society , but it would have made more sense if readers were told about what caused the drastic change . I constantly read about Offred 's past experiences in her previous lifestyle and family , but the details are vague and the sequence of events are always scattered . I tend to enjoy novels with distinct protagonists , antagonists , and a crisis that has to be solved , changed or endured ; The Handmaids Tale does not provide an engaging and exciting story , but only talks about the sad lifestyle of a Handmaid.Throughout the novel , readers are told about Offred 's experiences in the Red Center , in the race to escape the clutches of the unknown army , and her transition into the new society called the Republic of Gilead . However , the experiences are told out of order and often confusing on when the events took place , while the actual cause for the change of regime remains unknown . As I read the novel , I felt disappointed that the explanation for the drastic lifestyle change never became known . Insight of the change into Gilead would also give some information about the role of the `` Angels , '' `` Eyes , '' and the `` Aunts . `` Offred spends much of her free time talking about her past lifestyle and her family that was forcefully torn apart . We learned about the start and growth of the relationship with her husband Luke , but we never know the name and description of her child . On pages 176 - 178 , Offred talks about what she did with her daughter when the change of power was occurring , but never discloses her name or anything about her . It was aggravating to hear so much about her past in vague instances and never any descriptive details on the people or places . What made me unhappy was the fact that Offred never revealed to the readers her real name . On page 270 , Offred tells us that she told Nick her real name during one of their intimate encounters , but never actually says it in the text.The Handmaids Tale portrays Offred as the protagonist and the regime in the Republic of Gilead as the antagonist , but no action-filled plot line exists involving them . The novel basically describes the lifestyle of Offred as a Handmaid and never gives any perspective from other characters with different jobs . I would enjoy this novel much more if it contained more than a narration of Offred 's day-to-day experiences . The chapters either detail her daily routine or her thoughts and contemplations of her past and current day . The novel was not enjoyable for me because of the lack of suspense and the uninteresting narration of life in the Republic of Gilead.The Handmaids Tale overall did not appeal to me as a reader because of the vague explanations of the change in Offreds lifestyle and her past experiences and family . The plot was not interesting as no apparently captivating action occurred and it was only told from Offred 's point of view . This would be enjoyable for people who like feminists novels containing oppression and the ways of dealing with a tough and inhibiting society , and therefore does not attract my attention .
 I 'll start off this review by saying I love reading dystopian novels . I also do n't mind stream of consciousness writing , which is the style used in this book . However , while Atwood had a very good concept for a novel , it was poorly , poorly executed . In this American future , society has been based around the Bible story in which a handmaid is impregnated by a husband whose wife can not conceive . Every woman in this new society has a very specific role , and none of it is very interesting . Thus , following our protagonist Offred , a handmaid , through her relatively boring life becomes excruciatingly painful in its banality . Offred 's continuous bounce back and forth from reality to her memories make for a very confusing read with a lot of attempts at insightful prose . There is so much fluff and so little plot line in this novel , that about halfway through I began skipping all her recollections and half-page long descriptions of the garden just get to the meat of the story . It was passages like this that made me want to shake Offred : `` The Commander is the head of the household . The house is what he holds . To have and told hold , till death do us part . The hold of a ship . Hollow . `` And also a lot of : `` Here 's what I like to tell . '' `` This is the story then . '' `` Here is how it goes . `` Not to mention an entire passage about her encounter character , just to have her say , `` I made that up . It did n't happen that way . Here is what happened , '' and the whole situation is repeated again.Sadly , I really , really wanted to like this book . I 'd heard so many great things about it , but in the end , between the author 's choppy prose , no explanation of how society could go from normal to extreme without any opposition , and a completely unsatisfying ending , I could not convince myself to like something this terrible .
 Told in first person , the story strayed quite often with inner thinking that appeared to ramble and was sometimes random . Flashbacks came without transitioning or warning . It was an interesting idea for a novel ; the plot was just a little slow moving for my taste . Most importantly though , the ending just left me hanging , which compels me to take away one more star . = -LRB-
 Not yet transferred to Ipod but depressed to find this is abridged - my error
 Intense . Tragic . And sometimes even humorous , The Handmaid 's Tale by Margaret Atwood exposes the troubles of her time and the future it may hold for America . Opening in the fundamental Christian dominated Republic of Gilead , where the protagonist Offred , is basically a reproductive sex slave . Offred herself is a conflicting character . Though the readers may pity Offred when reading about her oppression and her `` job '' , Offred 's own flashbacks to the early times make you wonder if she deserved her punishment . Her adulterous activities make the readers wonder about their view on Offred as a character . Offred 's own thoughts were a mystery to me also well . Did she have an intense dislike for the system ? Did she easily replace Luke with Nick?Atwood attacks fundamental Christianity and the Moral Majority in her novel , and shows support for a moderate feminism . But , Atwood made it clear in her novel that not all sects of Christianity is violent and militant , a view shown in the kind Quakers . The corruption of some women , the Aunts , and the pitiful description of some men , the Commander , reveals Atwood 's own position on the feminism movement . However , I think Atwood was too extreme in her view of fundamental Christians . Much of the descriptions of the leader 's of Gilead seemed very biased . The massive dominance over the people and the violence shown to the common people seem impossible to me.The hypocrisy of leading officials of the Republic reveals a hypocrisy that may be found , not only in fundamental Christians , but also in all man . The Commanders , while dictating laws that outlawed extramarital sex , often visited prostitutes for pleasure . Offred herself , while not necessarily liking Serena Joy and her Commander , continues to obey their will.This novel is gloomy by nature , and offers a cliffhanger at the end of the story . What truly happened to Offred ? Was the Republic overthrown or not ? All of these questions flickered through my mind . It might as well be Atwood 's own style , but the lack of a true resolution seems incomplete.Overall , it was not a very enlightening nor agreat book for me . Though at times , there are places where Atwood grabs you , the intensity soon ends .
 Margaret Atwood writes yet another book with more weak and obvious messages . I have read Oryx and Crake , then it was about genetic engineering , corporate power , etc. . This time it 's about female rights and warning women to assert them to what I can engender . Now , I can handle a book with a weak and obvious message , however , Atwood decided to use Orwell 's technique of boredom but throughout the entire book . It worked and I was incredibly bored . Oryx and Crake was at least enjoyable because of it 's excitement and humour . Atwood 's writing style and wit is so rare and I wish she would not waste it .
 I was forced to read this book in high school . It was boring and I could not relate to it at any level . Too much talk about emotions , feelings , etc and not enough action . But the worst part was that it trashes guys relentlessly , as if we would want to live in Atwood 's Orwellian vision of the future either .
 How funny to see this book as Amazon 's `` Kindle Daily Deal '' . My brother gave me an autographed copy back in ' 86 . Perhaps I 'd see it differently now but I found it depressing and of no interest to me . I read it only because my brother gave it to me . I did n't even keep it . Do n't know if I gave it to a thrift store or what.I was surprised this is a well known author . I prefer biographies or ` true life ' stories so perhaps it just ` was n't my cup of tea ' . Kind of wished I 'd have kept the book now .
 First the kindle copy is n't perfect . Words are misspelled and abbreviated wrong . I 'm not very picky about this and it bothered me so it 's that bad.Secondly -LRB- Im not going into detail since I do n't want ruin the story if you plan to read it -RRB- the story line is awful ! The ending is awful . I would n't suggest this book to anyone . I read it after rereading the giver and that 's a similar story line but this story jumps around but with no warning . It 's hard to fallow and it 's hard to relate to the character since she sleeps around . I 'm not planning to watch the movie after the awful book .
 I had to read this book for school . I am one of those people who , when I start a book , I have to finish . Nothing bothers me more than to have to stop reading a book for an extended period of time right in the middle of it . I stoped reading this book around page 200 .
 Only a confused and paranoid feminist could come up with such an story . This book -LRB- set in the not too distant future -RRB- is actually nothing more than an attack on conservative Christian values . The idea that right wing conservatives would turn all females into slaves if given the chance is absurd . I will give Atwood credit for creativity . However , A Handmaid 's Tale is only worth reading if you actually enjoy ridiculous science fiction .
 maybe she 's a popular and celebrated author of our culture , but I ca n't go with the popular view on this one . There is no good reason to read this book . It is just another way to get off for the men who believe this way of life would be great for them and want to keep things as conservative as they can already , and it is just another way for women to get traumatized by reading this . I was actually traumatized by this book . Women know the problems with society , and this book offers nothing helpful ; it simply adds to the pain . If you are an adult , feel free to damage your soul some more by exposing yourself to more pain and violence . Under no circumstances should a minor read this book . I am a progressive liberal , by the way . But I also know how to see the truth and think for myself .
 This is one of those annoying books you are forced to read at school because there is so much to say about it . Well , I hated it the first time , finding it dull , repetitive and vague . After having to read it three times and taken an exam on it -LRB- in which I got an A by the way -RRB- I can honestly say I shiver at the sight of it and my copy was put to it 's best use last summer ... as something to burn on the barbecue . That really is the only place for it .
 I never normally get around to writing reviews but this book was just so terrible I felt compelled to write something for once . Atwood seems to want to tease the reader by failing to explain any of what is going on directly , and instead wastes our time describing how things used to be , ie . the real world that we all still live in . The plot is implausible , the characters are dull and many of the events described are horrific . If you start reading nad get the urge to stop then do it - do n't waste your time dragging yourself on - it does n't get any better !
 I have found that people do n't like to read negitive reviews , but I fear I must give one here . I did not like this book -LRB- this I am afraid is a grose understatment of my feelings towardes ` The Handmaids Tale ' -RRB- I read this book and was shocked and discusted by the sextual content and the vularity . The book in some way uses the characters sexual activitys and swearing as sings of rebelion . I do not think this is the best way . The plot might have been intresting to me had the characters not all been so sleezy , and lustful . they were always , it seemed , dreaming/doing sextual things . I felt like I was reading a book by an auther whos main influances were flowers for algernon and sience fiction storys , the kind you buy at shoppers drugmarte .
 This book came highly recommended from friends and family . I must be the black sheep because it did nothing for me -LRB- well - it did annoy me a lot -RRB- . I disagree with many of the negative comments - I simply do not care if it 's anti-Christian -LRB- it 's anti-fundamentalist , and if Christians automatically assume she 's refering to Christianity alone , if that 's how her depiction of this fictional society immediately says `` Christianity '' to you , you might want to do a little soul searching on your choice of religion -RRB- . I dislike this book because the plot alone is so overdone and cliched -LRB- Orwell did it much better and with greater and quieter horror implicit in the plot -RRB- . Atwood seems to think we need to be hit over the head with her point that fundamentalists in Western society -LRB- especially the U.S. -RRB- attribute every disaster to us just not being Right With God , and the solution to life 's iniquities and tragedies is a return to the era of extreme religious control of society . I actually agree with her view , but the book is just too literal - the `` mating '' scene -LRB- as I call it -RRB- with handmaiden , husband and wife screams `` Oh my god , is n't this AWFUL ? '' . Yeah , if I cared anything about the 2 dimensional characters , it would be . The evil are evil , the good are dull , and both extremes have no subtlety . It 's also predictable and not very original premise that the sexually repressed think of little other than sex , and those that are n't having sex are a pretty surly bunch . The writing is self-conscious and the ending is so lame -LRB- forgive me , but it is the word that comes to mind - imagine it with all the condescending distain of a 15 year old -RRB- . Unfortunately , it has prevented me from reading anything else by Atwood . I should n't allow it , but I do n't think I could approach her work without trying to find fault with it .
 The Handmaid 's Tale takes place in a future not too long after the 1980s . The world is environmentally destroyed and widespread infertility leads to fertile women being treated as commodities . This is accomplished by a military coup of the US government with strong religious undertones.This is a decent idea for a story on the surface . However , Atwood 's execution was poor . She has done some decent writing , this book is just not an example of that.I can see that many people liked this book . If this is the first book of this kind that one reads , I could see why . It 's not the worst book ever written . Still it 's bad enough to not warrent a read.There is nothing original about this book , unfornuately . George Orwell 's 1984 was written much earlier than this book and yet still surpasses it in foresight , complexity , and language.Atwood 's only claim to fame is her incessant hatred of the politics of the `` religious right '' as she sees them . She really did n't have to write this ridiculous book to get across the point that religious views are damaging when taken too far . Anti-religious views can be equally taken too far . They can lead to long drawn out and boring books that teachers use to punish their students.A bad book was made into an even worse movie . Please save 2 hours of your life and never see it.Attwood 's writing style is what perhaps makes this book hardest to stomach . It 's bad enough that she basically rewrote George Orwell and still managed to do less of a job . Her plot and character development is so poor , and her command of the written word so trite , that anybody who reads avidly will wish they had picked something else off the shelf.For those who like this book , I respect your opinions . Please read A Clockwork Orange by Burgess , or 1984 or Animal Farm by Orwell . Those are books that are not only written by much better writers , but also much more original and meaningful .
 I read this book for an English class -LRB- ` Sex and Gender Issues ' -RRB- . Without hesitation , I can say it is among the worst books I 've ever read . The prose is acceptable and fits the novel , but I can scarcely think of a more blantant rip-off than The Handmaid 's Tale . Without improvising the anti-Utopian genre , this book cheaply copies 1984 , Brave New World , and We . Handmaid 's Tale fails miserably fails to approach the realism and totality of those works ; while satire is not necessarily intended to be realistic , this book is not really satirical.Why is that so ? Atwood wrote this book as some kind of reaction to the US ' slight movement Right in the early 1980s . She does not , however , understand American political realities ; it 's almost painful to imagine what she was thinking as she penned the novel . The shift of the Republican Party away from Ford 's centrism was not rooted in a religious revival - in fact , it was quite the opposite . While Southern religious Conservatives emerged full force in 1980 , Barry Goldwater set the table much earlier -LRB- particularly his 1964 Presidential bid -RRB- . Goldwater was actually pro-choice , and never associated with the religious Right . Likewise , Reagan was not fundamentally driven by a sense of moral duty.Inevitably , Atwood 's political ignorance results in a hackneyed and utterly unbelievable setting . I even laughed at certain elements of her ` Republic of Gilead . ' Discussing the book 's fantastic elements is almost difficult , despite being obvious . A bizarre group somehow gets the military to pledge it 's loyalty -LRB- which is , of course , ridiculous -RRB- . Worse , Congress is `` machine gunned ... '' by the Army and the President is assasinated . US soldiers are trained to disobey illegal orders , and that is exactly what would happen - not that an entire bureaucracy like the US military could be easily turned against the country , anyway . Oh , and Catholics are persecuted by this regime ; I suppose the fact that the military is over 1/3 Catholic posed little challenge to the `` Commanders . `` Red is an appropriate motif of the novel - because that 's what color Atwood 's politics boil down to . She -LRB- imagine fingernails scratching a chalkboard -RRB- heaps racism , homophobia , anti-Semitism etc ad nauseum into her Leftist field day . Her essential claim is that the end of Conservatism is a 100 % Patriarchal , White society of zero tolerance and zero love -LRB- and zero freedom -RRB- . Atwood 's understanding of organized religion is also called into question here , as the RoG is some kind of new Christian Sect -LRB- at one point , the book reveals them to be in conflict with Baptists -RRB- . Consider for yourself
 I am not a fan of dystopia genre so that may be one of the reasons I disliked this book . Atwood writes with a conscious attempt to place this book neatly into the genre . Her language is overdone , her plot completely tiresome , the characters only create a mirage of being real characters . Atwood 's book is a representation of ideas rather than a novel . She writes consciously with not enough innovative ideas . She does n't let the novel create itself , it is as controlled as the style .
 I actually love futuristic novels . And to be frank , i was excited to read this book because it sounded quite promising . However , that lasted only for several pages . I am truly sick and tired of various writers portraying Christianity as some kind of fundamentalist cult that only wants to make women into slaves and supress all kinds of freedoms . There is no Christian church -LRB- and i am not including various so called `` fundamentalist '' fruitcake cults because these are not Christian , they only claim to be one -RRB- that promote the `` ideas '' in this novel . Why is that , that anytime there is totalitarian goverment described in the novel its always conservative right/christian ? I think if I did n't know anything about Christianity I just might buy into the story about it being the very Devil as many reviewers have but since i do n't count myself as one of the sheep who listens to media propaganda , this story is a travesty . Most goverments that were totalitarian as they are in this novel , are either Communist/Socialist or Islamic . Insert the words Taliban and there you have a real life events portrayal of something that already happened to women in Afganistan . This had a potential to be a really good story since i think its quite well written . Alas , the usual attacks on Christianity makes it a total loser for me
 There 's too much interruption in train of thought . Overuse of punctuation . I put it in a collection I named LATER . Perhaps I 'll re-visit it some day .
 The plot has holes you can drive a truck through . What happened to the women in the military at the time of the takeover ? Did they just give it up for the country ? This book was written in '85 or so , according to my copy , and the US -LRB- the story is about the US in a possible future -RRB- has had women in the military for years . Did the author just ignore this ? Please . Can you see any woman , civilian or military , going along with this nonsense ? I ca n't . Also , this was a very primitive future society -- they execute by hanging . How hard could it have been to hit someone over the head , steal clothes/weapons/trucks and just leave ? The `` willing suspension of disbelief '' employed while reading fiction -LRB- this utterly fails as science fiction -RRB- is impossible with such a laughable storyline.Women everywhere should be offended by this book , as they are here portrayed as being dumb as dirt , motivated only by clothes , cosmetics , and women 's magazines . So dumb , in fact , that they deserve what happens to them in this story.I am sorry to see all the reviews mentioning this as required reading -- the sorry state of education the world over , I guess.Also , if this is the best Canada can offer the world in terms of literature , I would n't brag about it .
 Offred , the narrator of the novel , is a Handmaid , or live in surrogate for a couple that are unable to have a child . There are scores of Handmaids in this town located somewhere in the US northeast , and each are assigned to a family . They have very limited rights and can only go certain places at certain times with certain individuals . Life is governed largely by religion , but only a certain and conservative type of Christianity . There is no religious or personal freedom . The Handmaids dress all in red with white wings attached that prevent them from making eye contact with others . They are discouraged from conversing with others . And they only have three attempts to bear a family a child or they will be banished , or worse , killed.This is the story of Offred and her experiences living with the family of her Commander . She chronicles her life as a Handmaid with glimpses back into her life before the country took such a drastic turn . We learn , through her , what it is like to be a female in this situation and the frustrations that come to her because of the limits that have been placed . She also explains how some find a way around the rules , but that everyone basically lives in fear of being wrongly persecuted and put to death.This book was very strange for me . An extremely interesting concept was lost for me in the format . The author mixes Offred 's present day experiences with her past within single chapters and often with confusing transition . And the true nature of what is actually going on is revealed so slowly that the first third of the book was simply confusing . This novel strikes me as the type that is often made a part of literature classes while leaving many students confused and in the dark . The ending felt even more disjointed than the majority of the book and left me wondering about the stability of the author.I realize this is a highly acclaimed novel , but it simply did not find a fan in me . I did not enjoy the author 's style and felt that such a facinating and discussion worthy topic was lost amidst an odd format .
 I was particularly interested in the CD , but found it extremely disappointing . The readers sounded bored and very American . There was no `` teaching '' attached to the CD , just reading words and paragraphs in uninspired voices.The cover claims one could start reading meaningful verses after just 2 hours . After 2 hours I was still struggeling to decipher the differences in the Hebrew letters.If someone wants a reference book to the language , this works fine . But it has a weakness in its teaching sequence . A lot of steps are missing .
 I have several years of the basics down and gone through other how to learn Biblical Hebrew books , as well as 2 years of University classes on it . I have to stress that I have use several other Biblical Hebrew books , and had no expectation one way or the other of this text . The result however was frustration and constantly having to add corrections in the book . The author lists several advanced examples when explaining other basic examples , and does not explain or mark examples that will be covered several chapters later . Hehs where often printed as Chets , An example of page 5 is not covered until page 13 . Two exact same letter and vowel sets on page 13 with different pronunciations . Not properly marked Alephs pronounced as O. Adding the definite article where it is not in the Hebrew . Listing glossary pages incorrectly . Of the 87 books I have on learning Hebrew this book had the most mistakes , I do assume some are printer errors . However I would never recommend this book when there are ones with less errors in them . Even a poorly conceived book that covers very little ground is better than this one , as they are consistent on not wrought with errors . I would recommend Biblical Hebrew , Second Ed . by Victoria Hoffer . Though there are also a few errors in her text , they are all printer errors .
 I buy Cliff Notes all the time mainly because of the definitions provided at the end of each few chapters . All Cliff Notes contains definitions to help readers understand the vernacular of that period . Rarely do Cliff Notes give definitions for modern words that we can just look up in the dictionary . More often , definitions are given to explain what words/phrases meant in that books particular time period . For example the term `` making love '' today means the physical act of sex , but only 50 years ago it merely meant to woe/court someone into a romantic relationship.Even today.many words/phrases have completely different meanings depending on the country you are in . So I can not imagine that words and phrases did n't mean something totally different 2000 or so years ago , in a country halfway around the world . Also everytime a book is translated from one language to another , meaning is often lost or changed . If someone from the Christian Era suddenly appeared in todays culture -LRB- we 'll just assume that they can speak English -RRB- , I somehow doubt they would understand any of our colloquial expressions . If the Bible Cliff Notes can not help in these areas , can anyone suggest a book that can ? I would merely like to understand what the Bible is trying to say.PLEASE NOTE
 Very disappointed in this product . Did not like tone in which it was written and did not appreciate some of the insinuations . Was looking for a factual run-down summary of each of the books of the Bible to use in conjunction with Bible study , but this could n't do the job . Go with The MacArthur Bible Commentary -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0785250662/ref=oh_details_o06_s00_i00 -RRB- instead -- a much better choice .
 Hey , I 'm as much a Laymon fan as the next guy , and I do n't pick up his books expecting Tolstoy or anything , but I thought this one was pretty limp . The violence is so overbearing it comes off as cartoonish -LRB- not even fun cartoonish , just yawn-inducing -RRB- , and the characters are as 2-dimensional as they can be in a story like this . Want some fun Laymon ? Pick up `` Ths Stake '' or `` Island '' .
 Sorry , as a longtime fan , this 1991 reprint lacks the subtle yet brutal depth of his later works
 This was my second attempt to find a successful Laymon novel . After all , with his list of A-list writer 's recommendations at the front of the book , you 'd think we 'd have something decent once in a while . You would think wrong.My first complaint is the excessive use of the word `` rump . '' Laymon uses it over 15 times throughout this novel as if he 's scared to use a common synonym . This wouldnt be a problem , but the novel is filled with every other bad word imaginable and `` rump '' just sticks out . Not to mention that there are scenes of intense rape , murder , and gore , and he still uses `` rump . '' It sticks out.I think Laymon had a checklist for weapons in this book . Every character shows up with something different
 This book really did nothing for me . It was the first of Laymon 's books I read and probably the last . I do n't mind far-fetched story ideas , in fact I love Stephen King , but this was borderline ridiculous ! Halfway through the book I could n't wait for it to end , not because I really wanted to know what was going to happen , but because I felt I was wasting valuable time living ! After reading it , I thought Laymon might be a new author still trying to find his style , but then I caught a glimpse of his picture and bio on the inside back cover and - oh my ! If you 're looking for some classic horror , I 'd suggest Stephen King 's PET SEMATARY , Richard Matheson 's I AM LEGEND , or some newer authors like J.G. Passarella 's WITHER and Ronald Damien Malfi 's THE SPACE BETWEEN -LRB- more sci-fi , still a good book -RRB- . Whatever you choose , I would not recommend this book !
 Probably my least favourite of the books I have read by this author . And I love him , I do . Just not this one.The bit on the back sounds really good , `` crazy rain making people into savage killers ! '' Neat . But the book is n't that good , it really is n't . It 's BORING . I do n't know how it 's possible for crazy rain making people into savage killers to be boring , but it is.I will never be convinced that if a woman has been raped , her clothes ripped off during an attack , or there 's a naked female corpse , that apparently ALL males nearby will become sexually excited . I mean ... you 're under attack by crazy , slime-covered maniacs , your wife is freaking out , your child is home with the babysitter and you do n't know if she 's okay , people are being disemboweled and torn to pieces around you ... and you 're still going to take the time -LRB- much less be able -RRB- to become excited at the sight of a half-dressed woman?Also ridiculous is the fact that when the character John realizes that the maniacs can be `` cured '' , he still rampantly and without remorse shoots them in the head and kills them . Hmmm.I do n't even want to get into the fact that Richard Laymon talks about the little 8 year old girl 's `` panties '' . Not cool . He always does this in his books , `` rumps '' and `` panties '' ... but my god . This is supposed to be a CHILD . Pretty gross.This is not his goriest book , his most creepy , nor his most interesting . Not a good Laymon book at all .
 this book was n't all that great . and , that 's being nice . i love horror , and it had mediocre reviews on here , so i thought i 'd check it out . i was disappointed . it does have some good points . i enjoyed the sections with the young babysitter and the little girl she was watching . but , the rest just sorta sucked . the rape scene wasnt frightening . it was ignorant . and , it isnt all that gory of a novel . as for the political point , we get it . that factor is too simple , too cliched , and too trite to mention . also , the trying to overcome the racism aspect of the book makes the book racist in itself . as simple as it is to read , im having a hard time getting through to the end . and , the other reviewer on here was right , he uses the word `` rump '' about 117 times in the novel . buy another book , instead . or , do what i did , check it out at the library .
 I always try to keep my reviews short and sweet . Laymon is definitely not for everyone . LAymon always lived in his own world where common human psychology does not apply to his characters . -LRB- Example
 This book was bad . Plain and simple . I 've only read two of Laymon 's other books , The Traveling Vampire Show and Among the Missing , and this book pales in comparison with those two . I got about 1/3 of the way through the book , and I totally lost interest and stopped reading . Even if you are a Laymon fan do yourself a favor and skip this one .
 An intriguing premise -- Romero 's NOTLD and `` The Crazies '' combined with black magic -- yields little of major interest . Characters are two-dimensional cutouts from B-Movie cloth , and , despite the previous reviewer 's comments , tend to stick to assigned hero/villain roles in the narrative . Plot rules appear to change at a whim , with some psychotic characters conveniently able to `` hold it together '' when plot momentum requires them to do so . Furthermore , some possibly interesting themes , such as heroism versus safety , and anonymity versus altruism are never developed.Like old horror films , this ends in cliche fashion . The heroes and heroines embrace after the rather weak climax , while suffering no consequences -- psychological or otherwise , for the actions taken in order to survive.For a simple , fun read , one could certainly do worse , but this was somewhat of a disappointing introduction to the author .
 I remember passing this book by when I first saw it in 1991 . Having just completed it , I wish that I had passed it by yet again . `` One Rainy Night '' is a very quick read . I finished it in more or less one sitting . Normally that 's a good thing , and I will credit Richard Laymon 's ability to create story flow . However ... he left so many gaping holes and unexplored avenues throughout the novel that it became tedious less than halfway through.One of my major problems with this novel was dialogue . The character of Kara may be nine years old in the story , but her lines are those of someone well along in years . And how many high schoolers do you know that refer to kids as `` ankle-biters '' ? I can see the parallel one other reviewer had with this novel resembling a George Romero movie . Although I find `` One Rainy Night '' to be more like the film `` The Crazies '' than any of the `` Living Dead '' films.Rape are gore are prominent throughout the novel . This may have been meant to be shocking . . but after a while you 'll notice that 's all there is . A half-hearted attempt at splatterpunk . If this is indicative of the rest of Richard Laymon 's work , I 'll most probably pass those by as well.Readers may want to check out the horror classic `` The Fog '' by James Herbert . A significantly better novel by a master story teller .
 The plot of ONE RAINY NIGHT can be summed up easily
 As an avid reader of horror fiction , I looked forward to reading this author 's material for the first time . I was quite disappointed.Yes , it is a page-turner , but a very shallow page turner . I found myself skimming as I hit the middle of it ... and once I begin skimming , that 's the death of a novel to me.The characters have absolutely no depth . Their various motivations make little sense . Why would a police detective run an obstacle course of insane murderers to find a woman he knew only a few days ... risking the lives of people under his protection ? Why were three teenaged boys so bad to the bone ? So many more inconsistencies and unexplored questions.I seriously doubt I 'll pick up another of his books .
 I bought this hoping to get a few dictinctive , recognizeable licks under my belt quickly . I was greatly disappointed . The snippets are mainly tiny , especially for the better songs -- several are so short you do not even get a feel for the song . Others do not seem authentic and vary from other tab/music scores I have seen -LRB- Sunshine of Your Love for example varies from two other versions that I own and is inferior to both -RRB- . For Layla I do n't think they chose the best guitar part -LRB- the original has at least 4 guitars -RRB- . My girl is just one measure/barr !! Save your money , there are better books and magazines than this one .
 I think Scream 1 is gay and fake-lookingScream 2 is much bette
 was hoping to find some of bert hellingers work on audiothe cassette series connected to this is not about bert helinger it is : Frankl Archive Set -LRB- 8 Audio Tapes -RRB- -LSB- Audiobook -RSB- -LSB- Audio Cassette -RSB- Victor Frankl -LRB- Author -RRB- Tape 1 . Logotherapy as a Psychotherapeutic Technique . -LRB- University of Illinois , Feb. 1963 -RRB- This tape presents an essential explication of the methods of Logotherapy . Learn to use dereflection and paradoxical intention . Understand the application of these methods with OCD and suicidal patients . Learn about the fundamentals of Logotherapy with schizophrenics . Frankl describes applications and limitations of the methods he founded , and he elucidates them with case reports . Lecture and Q&A ; session . Excellent audio quality.Tape 2 . Mans Need and Search for Values . -LRB- Religion in Education Foundation , Oct. 1963 -RRB- Frankl makes preliminary remarks and then is the subject of a discussion with knowledgeable experts who challenge him to reveal the essentials of his philosophy . Frankl distinguishes between values and meaning , elucidating the distinction between objective and subjective meaning . This tape affords an opportunity to experience his passion and scope . Lecture and Q&A ; session . Superb audio quality.Tape 3 . The Pluralism of Science and the Unity of Man . -LRB- University of Vienna , May 1965 -RRB- We are damned by the limitations of our lenses and redeemed by the depth of our vision . In this wide-ranging lecture , Frankl alerts us to the danger of reductionism in science and psychotherapy . He describes the need for a unitary perspective that encompasses basic human strivings . Lecture . Fair audio quality.Tape 4 . The Concept of Man in Logotherapy . -LRB- Iowa , Nov. 1965 -RRB- Here , Frankl offers a profound and articulate of vision of the transcendental nature of man . Inspiring and edifying , Frankl is the poet laureate of meaning . Quoting from the masters , he demonstrates the heights of his existential perspective . Lecture . Excellent audio quality.Tape 5 . Public Lecture . -LRB- Neurological Policlinic of Vienna , circa 1960 -RRB- This tape features two lectures , one of 30 minutes on the philosophy underlying Logotherapy , and one of 20 minutes consisting of a clinical presentation on the collective neuroses of our time . Together , they bring listeners Frankl at his best . He is clear , erudite , insightful , original and inspiring . Superb audio quality.Tape 6 . The Meaning of Suffering . -LRB- Los Angeles , Jan. 1983 -RRB- Frankl discusses how meaning can be found regardless of age , socioeconomic status , or race . Meaning is possible in spite of suffering
 As a first book , Miracle Strip is not horrible , but it would not compel me to buy another book in the series . The protagonist , stripper Sierra Lavotini , never seems to have justifiable motivation for her actions . She recklessly starts investigating the disappearance of her friend , even when it becomes clear that her friend has been lying to her and has been mixed up in some sort of drug deal gone wrong . Like some hardboiled PI , she never tells the police all she knows , although her motivation for witholding information is never clear . She does one stupid thing after another and you ca n't figure out what she has to gain by acting like that . The book was made more irritating because Sierra , the narrator , uses poor grammar on an infrequent enough basis that it just seems like a narrative trick , to make her background more `` real . '' The portrayal of Sierra as a stripper did n't ring true , and the strip club is too abstract and uninvolving . Nevertheless , as the author polishes her craft this series may turn into something really worthwhile .
 Fans of more skillful Florida mysteries such as those by John D. MacDonald or Carl Hiaasen will be left wanting by this tepid first novel by Nancy Bartholomew . Her Philly-born exotic dancer heroine , Sierra Lavotini , is a mass of contradictions , but for all the facets Bartholomew tries to build into her , she remains a warmed-over knock-off of Hiaasen 's sleuthing stripper from < Strip Tease > . Sierra 's poor English makes for a distracting narrative voice and , unfortunately , Panama City is never more than a flat backdrop for the plot , which could just as easily be set in Myrtle Beach , Padre Island , Daytona Beach , or any one of a number of other southern spring break venues .
 The concept of a stripper sleuth sounded promising , but this one seems too dumb to successfully investigate why milk should be refrigerated . There 's not enough humor to make this book funny , and there 's not enough plot or interesting characterizations or setting to make it compelling . I was inclined to like this book -- given the unusual sleuth and tried-and-true Florida setting -- but this book is so pedestrian and uninterestingly conventional it makes Dick and Jane look like Twin Peaks .
 A friend gave me this book for my birthday , and though I would n't tell my friend this , I found this novel dull . It 's too bad that this writer felt it necessary to take a small story about one young woman 's -LRB- Maya 's -RRB- bad relationship choices and draw questionable parallels with political strife in Israel . The plotline that follows the lives of three women seemed to fall back on Israeli `` types '' of women rather well drawn characters . As one who 's quite familiar with Israeli political history , I felt this to be a misguided attempt .
 This novel was wearyingly melodramatic -LRB- especially Maya 's relationship with Gil -RRB- and competently if blandly written . The author seemed to resort to broad dramatic strokes in lieu of interesting character development . It struck me as being a very typical coming-of-age novel , with a bit of half-baked political metaphor thrown in . Disappointing !
 This book looked so promising and turned out to be such a disappointment because the three women are all such weak characters . I associate Israel and Judaism with strong people , both male and female , and I felt this story was very untrue to both the place it 's set and the people . I was impatient and bored with the three central characters because they were so blandly rendered and so uninteresting.It 's too bad the author did n't use some of the more interesting supporting characters in more important ways . I really ca n't recommend this book to anyone .
 A friend gave me this book for my birthday , and though I would n't tell my friend this , I found this novel dull . It 's too bad that this writer felt it necessary to take a small story about one young woman 's -LRB- Maya 's -RRB- bad relationship choices and draw questionable parallels with political strife in Israel . The plotline that follows the lives of three women seemed to fall back on Israeli `` types '' of women rather well drawn characters . As one who 's quite familiar with Israeli political history , I felt this to be a misguided attempt .
 I bought this book because I loved `` Tolstoy Lied '' by the same author . In `` Tolstoy '' the characters were very well developed and I truly cared for each of them . `` Tolstoy Lied '' was released a year after this one , but I figured `` Who changes a lot in one year ? '' I was very wrong . `` From a Sealed Room '' was very slow . The characters were kind of thrown into your face at the beginning and I had a hard time keeping them straight in my mind as I continued on to the second , third chapters . I did n't care for the characters either . I felt no connections . I did n't believe they each were very well developed . If one of them suddenly died , it really would n't 've affected me . I got half way through the book in a matter of weeks , and have since put it down.This is a very sad moment when I can not finish a book . -LRB- cue funeral music -RRB- I bought this book three months ago and have yet to finish it . That is not typical of me . I read books in from one to four days ... for me to not finish a book speaks volumes -LRB- haha -RRB- . `` Tolstoy Lied '' is still one of my favorites , but `` From a Sealed Room '' will be passed down the line to make room for more greats on my book shelf.Sorry Rachel .
 This novel was wearyingly melodramatic -LRB- especially Maya 's relationship with Gil -RRB- and competently if blandly written . The author seemed to resort to broad dramatic strokes in lieu of interesting character development . It struck me as being a very typical coming-of-age novel , with a bit of half-baked political metaphor thrown in . Disappointing !
 Simple . Ankerberg and Weldon in their continuing quest to bear false witness for profit . They 've been busted on misusing Pike 's work -LRB- antimasons never get around to quoting the preface , it utterly destroys their case -RRB- , claiming false Masonic rank for their `` experts '' -LRB- this is know as lying -RRB- and quoting from rituals that were never used by any regular Masonic organization.Considering Revelation 22:15 , I 'd seriously wonder about these two gentlemen . If you start with Exodus 20:16 and follow through , the burden of proof falls on them to repent and be saved . Old and New Testament , failure to keep the 9th commandment almost invariably points to both a false salvation and other sins.Amazing how these guys make a profit for their `` ministries '' , while most of the Masonic sources that blow them out of the water are freely available on the Net .
 Beware ! This is an anti-Masonic book and should not be looked upon as a book to provide actual facts concerning Freemasonry . This book is recommended only if one wishes to see the nonsense the anti-Masons are saying about Freemasonry.For more balanced and factual aoounts of the nature of Freemasonry , read
 i could only read an hour of this book . harvest house should b more selesctive of what they back . confusing details , winded , nowhere going .
 This book is old and outdated it needs to be redone and updated and the pictures do not make senesce
 Con un par de b&uacute;squedas en internet pueden saber de que trata el libro ... Esta es la cuarta novela de Roberto Bola & ntilde ; o que leo -LRB- realmente es una novela ? -RRB- :1 - Nocturno de Chile + + +2 - Detectives Salvajes + + + +3 - 2666 + + + +4 - Amuleto + + Para aquellos que quieren comenzar con Bola & ntilde ; o les recomiendo Detectives Salvajes , si les gust&oacute; lo suficiente entonces pueden pasar a leer 2666 . Ahora que he le&iacute;do Amuleto creo que fui benevolente con las estrellas a Nocturno de Chile , quiz&aacute;s ese libro merece 1 estrella por lo inc&oacute;modo de leer y Amuleto llega a dos simplemente porque al menos se deja leer . El final `` suena bien '' pero tomando la frase de un comentario de una rese & ntilde ; a en ingl&eacute;s `` mi alma no po&eacute;tica no entendi&oacute; el punto por completo ... '' -LRB- my unpoetic soul misses the point entirely ... -RRB-
 I do n't see what purpose this book serves . Ouspensky is the greatest occult writer the modern world has produced , but this little book has nothing in it that is n't in In Search of the Miraculous ; and in any event , the books by Ouspensky that matter are the ones that have nothing to do with Gurdjieff.The Gurdjieff work is a hundred miles wide and one foot deep . Just deep enough for those who ca n't swim to drown in , as Ouspensky almost did . The work is n't without value ; many of Gurdjieff 's ideas are basically correct , but everything he knew can be found in superior form in other places . And all of Gurdjieff 's ideas are distortions of things he got from other places . He was n't sophisticated enough to tell the good from the bad , and he mixed wisdom and foolishness together in a salad of roughly equal parts . Much of what Gurdjieff taught , such as the necessity of group work or self-observation as endless toil , is the opposite of truth . Gurdjieff was a man who asked the right questions , but got all the answers wrong . Partly because he was a second-rate mystic with a second-rate mind , and partly because he was like all gurus
 In this work Ouspensky perpetuates an historical confusion that vitiates his presentation of the so-called ` Work ' and the ` Fourth Way ' by injecting his obsessive concern with the antiquated law of caste and the Code of Manu . The claims for the esotericism of the Work , derivative from Sufism , whatever their merits , are needlessly and quite egregiously burderned with this aura of the archaic Russian reactionary . Ouspensky 's almost de Maistrean viewpoint , so popular among oblivious liberal westerners lured into this esoteric hunger by its beguiling inuendoes , contains the absurd suggestion that spiritual esotericism condones and sanctifies one of the most oppressive exploitations in history . Check the history here , unvarnished , and the place of this thinking in the destruction of the Indian Buddhist world . The Code of Manu is an impostor , and springs from the post-Buddhist consolidation of the brahmins whose legacy was to make spiritual equality seem anomalous , when it was always fundamental . Such thinking emerging in the context of early twentieth century fascism was , and is , provocative in the extreme , and should be laid to rest.What is surprising is the inability of many adherents of this so-called spiritual path to face the simple reality that the classic spiritual paths were and are more compatible with a basic democratic attitude than otherwise . The reason is desperately simple , these ways prosper better in an open society!Never feel obligated to take this nonsense seriously .
 TWILIGHT DYNASTY is an upfront , supernatural thriller that will hold you in your seat or scare you right out of it . A coed named Amanda Stewart runs out of the Muskoka Woodlands of Canada chased by a creature . Ben Parker who happens to be a reporter rescues her . Amanda is the niece of Kyle Morrow , a high-powered lawyer who is well respected by his peers . Morrow feels that his life is missing something so he decides to try past life regression . This is where I began to lose interest , but decided to read on and boy was I glad that I did . Ben Parker does a newspaper article on his rescue of Amanda ordeals ; Morrow realizes that the creature was an exact representation of the creature that Ta-Lon , Kyle 's Atlantean incarnation , had succumbed to in his last regression session . '' Kyle must be very careful how he handles the situation or he will be defeated . It will be a battle of good verses evil.Barry H. Smith has written a captivating book of supernatural terror . It is filled with cults , magic , demons and heavenly visitors . It is very well written and will most definitely hold the attention of those who thrive on this genre .
 I was shocked to find out that this program is filled with Mormon theology . It is based on such theories as Suggestology , which is listed under Pychic studies in Amazon search . This is just not a program that I think any child or adult should expose themselves to.Here is a list of the other theories this method is based on and where the information can be found : Suggestopedy by LoranovTotal Physical Response by AsherSilent Way by GattengoComprehension Approach by Krashen * As described in Dr. Blair 's book Innovative Approaches to Language Teaching .
 I purchased this when I bought the new translation of the Brothers K by Pevear and Volkhonsky . The book turned out to be much easier to follow , both plotwise and thematically than I had expected and used this crib sheet only at the very beginning . It is n't necessary to an understanding of this great novel .
 My daughter uses this book quite often . They have good recipies and easy to follow . It is a hit with the family .
 It was not at all what I thought it was going to be . It 's the size of a cd ... not a cookbook
 I would really like to see if this is a good book . I bought this item as a gift on September 6th however it is now September 24th and it has not yet been shipped . How long does it take to put one book in a box and mail it ?! According to my account it is scheduled to be shipped on 9/27-10 / 01 . I am very disappointed and will never order from this vendor again .
 I HAVE N'T HAD A CHANCE TO TRY ANYTHING YET . . I JUST GOT IT AND I HAVE N'T HAD A CHANCE TO PUT IT TO USE YET
 I am not sure if I got the same book as the reviewers before me . There is nothing positive to say about this book . First off , if you are writing a book about tortilla you would at least give a recipe on how to make a tortilla . I know it is not rocket science but it makes the book look more authentic.There is n't much to say about his book . Most of the recipes are random . There is nothing Mexican about this book . It 's a book about taking western recipes and wrapping it in / in-between a tortilla . I have included a list of all the `` Main Dishes '' from the book ; judge for yourself . Family Favorite Taco Casserole , Southwest Haystacks , Mushroom Swiss Tortilla Bake , Southwest Pizza , Southwest Lasagna , Black Bean Casserole , Chili Chicken Casserole , Chicken Roll-ups , Lattice Top Chicken Potpie , Polynesian Bundles , Slow Cooker Burrito Bake , Southwest Torta , Sweet and Sour Fajitas , Tex-Mex Meat Loaf , Tortilla Beef Cannelloni , Nacho Sloppy Joes , Tortilla Crusted Fish Fillets , Fajitas Burgers , Tortilla Spinach and Cheese Cannelloni , Vegetarian Taco Casserole.I am surprised there is no fish and chips wrapped into a tortilla . This book will never be used . There are much better resources with a simple google search .
 For anyone purchasing this product , please be advised BEFORE PURCHASE that per the information that comes with the CD it indicates that there are subliminal messages loaded in the CD . This information is not found in the sales literature and promotions for this product . I purhcased mine from Nightengale Conant and decided to write the company to find out exactly what the wording was for all these messages . They responded that when that information became available then they would send it to me . That request was made about 4 years ago and I never received the information . Personally I am uncomfortable about listening to such CD 's if the subliminal messages are not known and especially if I can not find out exactly what those messages are . Would there be a reason that the author/publisher would not share exactly , word for word , what these messages are ?
 - RE
 This book is another self-help book . I enjoyed the book HOWEVER , IT LOST SOME CREDIBILITY WHEN I read the last sentenced , in the first paragraph of page 171 of Chapter Six , The Principle of Sound and Light . It reads : `` In the physical world of matter , Sound precedes Light , as we know from hearing the thunder before we see the lightning in a storm . ***** Maybe , I am confused , but , I see lightning FIRST and start the ONE ONE THOUSAND count down to hear the thunder and determine how far away the storm is .
 As cute as this guide may apprear , do n't judge a book by its cover . It is extremely outdated and frankly , sexist . Worse yet , it makes being a bridesmaid out to be a boring chore , instead of the privilege and fun experience that it should be .
 This book seems very dated & a bit sexist . It has a strong underlying message of `` being a bridesmaid will get you a man of your own . '' The excerpts on The Knot 's website are funny , but the book as a whole is rather pathetic .
 I thought this book had a fun title , so I bought it for my maid of honor for my wedding , and then for myself when I was in her wedding . It is not full of all of the practical advice I had expected.This book does have some useful tips , but it is way too light on covering protocol for traditional weddings . It glosses over important points too quickly , without the explanation and emphasis they deserve.Also , it gave some bad advice . It suggested this
 I thought this book would be a fun gift for my bridesmaids . I bought one copy and realized that it was more of an instructional manual with tips on where bridesmaid 's stand in the processional etc. -LRB- information we will cover at the wedding rehersal -RRB- . Other tips include a shower game called `` The Clothespin Game , '' which is so outdated my grandmother must 've played it at showers when she was young . Mrs. Cleaver or Aunt Bee would be perfect hostesses for this type of game . I ca n't see anyone born post 1940 being entertained.Overall this book reads like an outdated Emily Post primer filled with information which is obvious . The title is cute , and had me expecting the book to be cute . The attempt at engaging the reader consists of a series of `` war '' metaphors . I thought this book would bore my bridesmaids , so I chose not to give it .
 I was looking for a book of useful information on being a member of the wedding party , however found only outdated and stereotypical information in this book . The premise of the book seems to be that although it is an honor to participate , being in a wedding is like going to war , which is really a silly comparsion . A main theme running through the book is you must forgive the bride of almost anything because she is the bride and therefore not her usual sane and sensible self . But each bride is different and they do n't all play toilet paper games at their showers or pick out big , fussy bridesmaids ' dresses or fight with their mothers-in-law . After all , this is the 21st century and not the 1950 's . However , there was helpful information on different religious ceremonies and the question and answer section was interesting so there were some interesting nuggets of information between its covers . But in summary , this book seems to be stuck in a time warp and does not have in mind the modern bride who has good taste and good manners and displays both from her engagement through to when she has written her last thank you note .
 The bridesmaid 's only real duty is to stand up for her friend who is getting married . NO ONE is `` obligated '' to hold a shower , since these are a gift to a bride , not something she is entitled to have and absolutely must get.A bridesmaid with sense should ask up front if she has to pay for her own dress , shoes , hair , etc , and a considerate bride will tell her anyway . Only a bridezilla would give this to her maids and say `` this is your job . Do it . `` I suggest Bridezilla or a visit to the etiquettehell dot com site for real , free instructions on what one 's polite duty is to the bride , and what a considerate bride 's responsibilities are to her maids .
 Not a book for the beginner . Used too many terms without giving any reference . I had to refer to other books just to find out what the author was talking about . Alot of medical , longwinded jargon that is n't useful in real life when a simplified , straight-forward description would suffice . If you have a horse and you want to learn how to take care of your charge I would not recommend this book to do it . Great book for a medical student .
 This book was published in 1971 , and is very proud of `` modern '' archery technology -- while this makes it a funny read , it 's not really very useful anymore . The author skims over all the necessary subjects , giving them mention and a very brief explanation , without going into any of the necessary depth . You will learn from this book if you know nothing of archery , but if you 've already shot a bow , and know what the nock point is , try for a less condescending book . It does have groovy pictures of archers with bellbottoms , though .
 I expected this to be a walkthrough for people like myself who have a knowledge of physics but are far from being experts and are interested in reading the classics of science . This is a guide for the modern Professor of Physics , not a guide for the common reader as it says . If I had known that I would n't have bought it . I get the impression that there is certainly a demand for such a walkthrough . I thought this would be it.A BIG disapointment !
 I picked up the audio version of this book , and found the story bland . The heroine , Amity , has amnesia and has been forced to leave her employer after an accident involving one of the children in her care . Destitute , penniless she is forced to eat garbage and to work as a servant and laundress until she finally lands a job making rugs . Eventually , she ends up out west where she buys acres of land and employs a handyman.I like historicals ... But the execution of the storyline left me cold . There is a modern feel and attitude in this story . Amity 's desire to go it alone seemed difficult to believe . I did n't feel immersed by the storytelling . Parts that were described were boring ... Parts that she skipped over writing -LRB- such as her journey west , and her first nights on the homestead -RRB- were skipped . At times I felt I was being told the story rather than shown the story . I felt annoyed that the origins of Amity 's amnesia was n't explored more fully at the beginning since this seemed to be such a serious issue.I found myself bored after about 45 minutes of listening . Although I am intrigued about what happened to Amity and why she lost her job , I found myself not caring enough about the character or buying into the authenticity of the setting to care .2 stars .
 I bought all four of the books in this series . I found that the contacts are all mixed up ? For instance , in the `` Press '' section , there are Production Companies , Entertainment Companies , Studios etc. listed . I was hoping for the money I paid that it would be a bit more organized . Also , a lot of the data is out of date .
 I bought this cd and was very excited about it ! When I got the cd it was wrapped up and when I unwrapped it there was no cd in there ! I also ordered the club and venue part and that cd was n't even wrapped up and I was afraid to use it on my computer . It looked like some bootleg cd . I was very unhappy with this purchase !
 One of the problems in this book is that Littell attacks as anti-semetic Christian teachings such as so-called supercessionism which seperates Christianity and the Church from judaism . The teachings are essentially that after Christ , we as humans are all now equal in God 's eyes and that we are not to read into prophecy a special role -LRB- prophectic or otherwise -RRB- for the Jewish people . Such ideas are not anti-jewish , rather they are the modern foundation of co-existance between christians and jews.The book ignores the other strain of christianity which rejects these ideas . Starting with the Plymouth Brethern and John Darby , there arose in America a set of very dangerous doctrines which sees the Jewish people as a `` means to an end '' in Christian Prophecy and religion . God is said to have a special role for the Jewish people which involves first the re-creation of Israel , then the re-construction of the temple , then the driving of all Jews in the world to Israel , then the depature of Christians out of the world to the side of God , and then a war in the world where the majority of Jews will die leaving only christian converts as survivors.Their theology is nothing less than `` blessing '' Israel by leading it to the slaughter . His modern followers see it as their duty to keep Israel at war with its neighbors and to help coax it along to what they consider its inevitable descrution . All the while along the way , they work to convert Jews in fufullment of other aspects of their prophecies.I 've heard these people say in public that the holocaust was an expression of God 's will and prophecy to enable the re-creation of Israel as a nation . They go into a panic at the mention of Israel making peace with anyone because peace for Israel can only be the work of the anti-christ . The greatest source of anti-jewish theology in christianity today can be found among the so-called evangelicals . They hide it will in that in public they talk about blessing Israel and their love for Israel , but what they believe in their hearts is that Israel 's destruction in war is inevitable and necessary . And that while god will take every christian away to protect them from that war , it is the role of the Jews to be destroyed.The problem for Littell and his book is that he is fighting the previous battle against anti-semitism while remaining almost totally blind to whats going on around him * today * . So-called supercessionism is compatable with the modern idea that Jews and Christians can co-exist . Darbyism and its followers see it as their role to bring about the end of the world and lead israel to descrution.There are other reasons for me not giving respect to Franklin H. Littell . He has over the years made alliances with certain disreputable groups and organizations . He has published in their magazine , received a medal from them , signed petitions on their behalf and has turned a deaf ear to the critics of that particular group . While he falls to his knees in guilt over christianity , he has bent over backwards in obediant service to an utterly reprehensible organization.In his guilt , he lost the ability to know right from wrong . And has undermined his work since at least the early 1980s .
 I was not impressed with this authors ideas . the author was pretentious , hypocritical and seemed like an elitist . Would not recommend this to anyone .
 since ancient times , people have climbed into caves in desolate mountains , spent their entire lives in monasteries trying to tame their minds.This was when the world was n't in such turmoil as it it is in , these days.Can a little book promise you and deliver the greatest accomplisment of all when for centuries the efforts of our forefathers too have been found wanting ? This book is freakish in the sense that it 's author believes that modern man can master his mind.We are supposed to tame our minds while living in a troubled society where we have to somehow adjust our lives in such a manner that among the chaos of the world today , a few ten to fifteen minutes of practicing concentration exercises is supposed to make us masters of our minds.Absolutely ridiculous ! Was the author smoking ganja while writing this book ? no , mouni sadhu or m sudouski -LRB- his real name -RRB- has spent a major proportion of his life in isolation.Years will pass by as you slowly progress from one exercise to another and then , say by chance , you are unable to perform your stipulated exercise for a month or two , you will find yourself moving down the ladder , your progress would have been lost , and you may not have to start from scratch but you will find yourself making up for lost ground.In that case it would take you several lifetimes to accomplish any of the results that the author promises you.Live in a desolate monastery or in a jungle -LRB- which may i add , the author did himself , for a brief period of time -RRB- , renounce everything of the world and then try to tame your mind.Are you capable of that ? This book is a joke.Ramana Maharshi once said ` that which is not permanent is not worth striving after ' . Are the results of practising concentration exercises permanent?As long as you keep to the schedule , you 'll move ahead at a frustrating slow pace.And speaking of the schedule , the author recommends 10 - 15 minutes of practise everyday , nothing more is required he says.By the time you sit down to practise your exercises and by the time your thoughts have calmed down even slightly , you 'll find that your time for the day has elapsed and you 'll be left with the feeling that your day 's efforts have been inadequate.Also the author gives ` helpful instructions ' before the actual exercises commence , such as speak less , control your temptations forcefully etc , all of which are directed at strengthening your will-power , he says.These things only caused me distress , I felt suffocated.Life is short.do you want to spend it struggling with impractical and inadequate exercises , satisfied with fragile results ? Surely there must be a more ` healthy ' way.I could go on with practical advice and instructions but this is a book review and i 'll keep it at that .
 I know of a man who practised the exercises outlined in this book and subsequently , he developed this so-called ability to concentrate , to quite an astonishing degree.I did n't meet this person for a few months before I ran into him again , and he seemed quite distressed.I asked him what had happened and he told me that his endeavours at attaining control over has mind had brought about an unforeseen predicament . Apparently , his effort and his subsequent fractional success at mastering his mind had resulted in an increase of his spiritual strength wherein he was less prone to giving in to temptations . This in turn had ` caught the attention of certain hostile entities ' and without getting into too much of the alarming details of his experience , he was told to halt his progress or else he would make himself eligible to harsh and unpleasant tests , tests which every desiring aspirant had to undergo . Being the curious person that I am , I pressed on the matter and asked him to elaborate on these ` hostile entities ' and he went on to tell me that he had recurring dreams in which he was repeatedly threatened by a fierce ethereal being which revealed itself as being a ` raakshas ' . A rakshasa or raakshas as he pronounced it , is a Sanskrit term whose most accurate English equivalent would be ` demon ' .
 This was more citing origins of urban legends then telling the urban legend story . I was disappointed when I got it . I did n't really care about where a story originated or what experts thought about the legend . I want to know the story , which most the time it did n't retell .
 It would be so nice and comforting to think that there were HEROES on board Flight 93 ... but as any dedicated 9-11 researcher will tell you , the facts and the evidence do n't support anything written in this book.Take the time ... go on-line , do your own research . Governments lie , they make up stories to serve an agenda that the public is totally unaware of . But do n't take my word or any of the millions of people worldwide who have looked into 9-11 and the truth behind United Airlines Flight 93 . A good place to start would be Rowland Morgan 's book Flt .93 REVEALED - WHAT REALLY HAPPENED ON THE 9-11 LET 'S ROLL FLIGHT ? - also available on Amazon!Over nine years later , everything is still highly top secret and classified . The government is n't taking questions and they do n't invite debate either !
 Not to be a cynic , I review this as a skeptic . The Pentagon can not `` confirm or deny '' that an Air Force or Navy jet intercepted United Flight 93 . Meanwhile , the NTSB and FBI have refused to release the cockpit voice recorder from Flight 93 . From a purely logical standpoint , this book only has a 50 % percent chance of being accurate and true . If the passengers of Flight 93 were truly heroic and brought down the plane themselves , the American public have a right to know . It really would be in inspiring story of selflessness and courage . In the meantime , we have books like this one and Mrs. Beamer 's , which exist because we WANT to believe the story . There is the chance , that this book is an unintentional piece of propaganda.The USA will soon get over the events of 11 September . In fact , I have found that the citizens in New York City have already gotten over it , beginning with those who eascaped the towers along with myself . From the average New Yorker 's standpoint , 9/11 is old news . I am still waiting for middle-America to get over it , but I wo n't hold my breath .
 Dont read anything by this clown . ANyone that would attack a young womanb in the manner he did does not deserve attention much less money
 Please consider boycotting Jere Longman for his vicious attach piece in the New York Times on Olympic Athlete Lolo Jones
 Made a major heroic event into an uneventful tale of a hodgepodge of individuals and families whose identities get blurred and forgotten as the story/non-story evolves/devolves . Not nearly enough information about what the reader bought the book for in the first place , ie
 That this book is considered important is an indictment of the law school community . Labored writing , weak analysis , all combined with a fatuous tone .
 This is a fairly intractable philosophical examination of the questions
 If you are a homeschooler with a deep distrust of your government , then this book is for you . I am a homeschooling mom . I do not deeply distrust my government . The basic premise of this book may have slight credibility , -LRB- yes , Stalin did kill more people than Hitler -RRB- . Yet , `` Uncle Eric '' makes some pretty over-the-top claims . Claims such as , `` The Jewish Holocaust gets the publicity because it is regarded as the justification for Jews to have a Jewish state -LRB- Israel -RRB- in the Mideast . '' , -LRB- pg 36 -RRB- , and in regards to Pearl Harbor , `` Few are willing to face the possiblity that the President and his cronies planned it all . '' -LRB- pg . 162 -RRB- . If you are looking for facts and the whys and wherefores of WWII , look elsewhere -- it 'll save you having to pay to ship this book back .
 Few doctrines have more power to reduce a believer into anxiety concerned about how long their sins will keep them in the tormenting and purifying flame of a place called Purgatory . Apparently , a place awaiting a believer after death but before entrance into Heaven.Each sin , we 're told , must be atoned for . And each , whether venial or mortal sin , has a debt in suffering due.We 're told entrance into Heaven will follow the completion of one 's term of being ` purged ' -LRB- years , decades ? -RRB- . Prior to death , though , there are opportunities to reduce the debt and time to be served through Plenary Indulgences -LRB- full remission of sufferings due -RRB- and Partial Indulgences -LRB- partial remission of sufferings due -RRB- . Prayers -LRB- whether singular , novenas , rosaries , etc. -RRB- monies donated , good works , etc. are acceptable.Yet there are some questions which arise : What assurance does one have that what they are doing really makes any difference?Are those already in Purgatory being helped?How many sins are there to amend ? How do we know if the debt 's been fulfilled -LRB- or not -RRB- ? How much and/or how often should one donate?How much has one already reduced their own future suffering?Which saints are there to pray to?The list can go on and on.Apart from this , look up the circumstances leading to how the Rosary -LRB- and the doctrine of Purgatory -RRB- was given to Blessed DominicThe Secret of the Rosary.Descriptions of self-flagellation , loss of blood , unconscious , visions , etc. are noted.What about the Cross and the Divine Sacrifice which took place at Calvary?A rule of thumb would be that when teachings appear contradictory to Biblical principles and exhortations it then becomes a subject qualified for further review or research.Peace .
 The success of this book seems to be based on its title rather than its content . Aside from being incredibly obsolete -LRB- first published in 1974 and never updated -RRB- , the author was very selective in what cases to include for his `` solution . '' Kusche is also without any real authoritative source material . Out of the 57 cases , he obtained only 6 accident reports . Most of his work is a debunk on popular claims on the Triangle . This led him in one case to `` solve '' a nonexistent flight -LRB- The B-29 in 1947 which was really a C-54 hundreds of miles away -RRB- . Only about 7 or 8 incidents out of the 57 he lists are exposed as inacurately listed as missing or being in the Triangle . Many of the most famous cases he can not solve , and others are the victim of his shallow guesses.Most of his deductions are based on old newspaper accounts . Even these he agrees with in a pick and chose manner . In the case of the Cyclops , he even went to far as to write
 This is one of the classic `` debunking '' books of all time . The trouble is that the author avoids the truly mystifying and well , lies.Don ' t believe me . Google the author and the book before buying . To those of you who NEED for there to be an easy answer it wo n't matter , you 'll buy this book anyway .
 This was a beautifully done book with wonderful pictures ! The major problem I found with it is that it only covered four or five of the major brands of collectible kitchen ceramics . I ordered it under the impression that it covered a vast range of kitchen ceramics . What proved to be even more disappointing was that there was no price guide ! I guess if you 're an experienced collector of yellowware , redware , ironstone , etc. this would be a great book . For a novice such as myself , it proved to be relatively useless .
 Thsi volume is far too basic to be of much use beyond a first year Bible college class . For the seminary student or pastor looking for a good reference tool , there are much better New Testament introductions and surveys available . This added nothing to my study of the New Testament .
 I expected much from this title , with the promise of being a mixture of Newton 's biographical history and of his scientific methods . What is actually presented is a way too descriptive and subjective analysis of Newton 's life and habits , with not much in depth discussion of Newton 's mathematical and experimental innovations . Only until the appendix does the excellent ` Tour of Calculus ' type of format make an appearance . A better outline of Newton 's scientific methods can be found in Morris Kline 's `` Mathematics of the Physical World '' from Dover books , and there are most certainly better Newton biographies out there . Disappointing .
 Why this throwaway book exists is anyone 's guess . Maybe Free Press was being told to publish conservative authors . Maybe Berlinski had a contract to write a book in record time . Whatever the reason , there 's no reason for the average reader to bother with it.As popular science history , it fails miserably . The science is too math-dense to be understandable by the average numerophobic reader . Even worse , the book does n't provide enough cultural/intellectual context for readers to appreciate Newton 's huge scientific achievements . Even as Vanity Fair-style biography , the book barely gets a passing grade . We do learn tidbits about Newton
 Berlinski attempts to cover up his lack of writing effort and his lack of anything to really say with flowery prose . It did n't work for this reader . I was very disappointed in the lack of useful information in the book .
 Unfortunately this book confuses most of the technical descriptions of Newton 's work with florid , complex and ultimately meaningless prose . In trying to add intuitive meaning to the mathematical aspects of simple physics it utterly misses the mark while boring the reader to death . I can only assume that a lay person would be thoroughly confused by the meandering , ` poetic ' and intangible descriptions used to pad these chapters . Some of the historical context and notes about Newton and his contemporaries are interesting but the chronology is often lost because the author jumps to different events , forward and back in time without bothering to make this clear to the reader .
 Personally , I am infuriated when an author deliberately writes obtusely to show off how `` artsy '' he is , or how vast a vocabulary he has . The author here does that throughout this book . Here 's one example - `` the halter of specificity has been imposed on heretofore disorderly concepts . `` My other strong objection to this book is how the author takes an active voice asserting his own -LRB- incorrect , in my opinion -RRB- philosophy . He does this in numerous ways in numerous places throughout the book . For example , he indicates Aristotle 's philosophy as something that Newton needed to overcome , instead of recognizing Aristotle 's role as the originator of the scientific method . As another example , the author states that Newton 's religion , Arianism is `` heresy . '' He says this despite the fact he admits that Newton kept his religious views to himself . How did the author determine Newton 's religion ? For that matter how did the author determine anything ? The book has no bibliography , much less footnotes.Finally even Newton 's scientific work is undercut by the author 's poor views on this subject . For example , the author sees an arbitrariness in the fact that Newton 's laws `` favor '' a straight line . The author asks `` why a straight line ? '' and claims Newton had no answer .
 Mr. Berlinski got 2 stars for teaching a little math and dropping hints on Newton 's life . He also would like to have you understand that despite Newton 's ability to read religious Greek , Latin , and Hebrew biblical sources , he was ` confused ' about Christianity and embraced the Arian heresy . Was this a book on Newton 's gifts , or Berlinski 's religious beliefs ? The book is mostly filler on a few biographical tidbits . Take Berlinski 's advice
 Eternal Treblinka is inarguably a masterfully written piece of literature , not to mention a fascinating read.Charles Patterson provides us with all of components necessary for a noteworthy book , offering a well-researched , thought-provoking volume that is truly the work of a skilled author.But a paradox lies within the message that Eternal Treblinka attempts to bring , and that contradiction ultimately causes the book to fall short of its potential.Eternal Treblinka suggests that the degrading treatment of animals by humans over the course of history led to the mistreatment of humans , beginning with the brutality of ancient civilizations and culminating with the Holocaust.The book makes a strong case for changing the way humans view animals , suggesting that today 's slaughterhouse mentality could easily pave the way for future genocide.But therein lies the contradiction , beginning with the deadly assumption that man is simply another animal.In reality , man 's intelligence and awareness is unmatched by any other member of the animal kingdom , making him by animal law itself superior.Carnivorousness is natural . Other high-ranking members of the animal kingdom , such as the lion , kill other animals for food , and their status in the food chain is based solely on their superiority in strength and intelligence . Yet lions do not engage in acts of mass genocide against their own kind . If man is simply an animal , why should we assume that unlike any other animal , his feeding habits have an effect on his social behavior?The alternative idea , of course , is that man is not an animal in the true sense of the word , but something far beyond animal , which we refer to as human.The very mentality behind the Holocaust was the German idea that some races of people were simply animals and therefore should be treated as such . This dehumanization of entire cultures and ethnicities ultimately led to the vile crimes against humanity committed by Hitler , Stalin , and the others whose atrocities are outlined in careful detail in this book.And by helping to propogate this idea that man is simply another animal instead of the superior , some would say more highly-evolved , being that he is , Eternal Treblinka accidentally works against itself , promoting the mentality that led to the events the book hopes to prevent from reoccuring.When the threads of Eternal Treblinka 's paradigm unravel , the book is more easily seen for what it truly is
 The promise of this book is captivating
 I opened this book with some anticipation and was immediately let down . Misspelling and mistakes dog almost every page . Did you know that Crassus died in both 55 and 53BC ? Gives some meaning to Shakespeare 's ` Julius Caesar ' that `` cowards die many times before their deaths . '' It struck me as a book of easy compilations from , at most , secondary sources . I would prefer the more expensive , more intellectual and more satisfying Cambridge Dictionary of the Ancient World
 not particularly legal , nor thrilling . tone is decidedly lowbrow . main character is portrayed as a feisty , confident , modern woman ; but she comes off as crude , contrived , immature and brazenly disbarable . vulgar titillation even by d.c. gossip standards . well below average .
 This book - to put it politely - is not very good , which is quite a shame since all of the other books by the author are quite fabulous , especially the Devil series . It 's as though the author decides one day to write a book on some dark issues , and went about writing it without wondering how she would go about it . Add divorce , rape , murder , drugs and sadism and stir it all together and voila - To Die For . She added a pair of twins , got them to switch identities without explaining really why they had to do that , made the twin who lived in the city incredibly bitchy and the other who lived in the country incredibly sweet , added a guy who hated one twin and fell for the other , and add a stalker who hated both . ** SPOILER ** And to end it off , have someone almost die of a deadly illness and get a self-centered person save the dying character . A tearjerker ? Not at all . If you want to read a romantic suspense thriller , also with many dark issues , there 's always J.D. Robb and Julie Garwood is pretty good in her foray into romantic suspense . Give To Die For a wide berth , but read Melanie George 's other books .
 It 's hard to believe that the same writer wrote this book and all the great Devil books . Devil May Care , Handsome Devil , The Devil 's Due ... all great reads . Like No Other and The Art of Seduction . Great reads . Her two contemporary books -LRB- this one and The Mating Game which I could even finish -RRB- lack the writing style , the witty dialogue , the great characters . In To Die For , the heroine is a dull , lifeless , boring person and you have to wonder what does this amazing man see in her ? This is not true in her good books . I 'd say stay away from her contemporary books and read all the others . Like night and day .
 It was a good story line , but the leding lady was just weak . She just could n't make up her mind , yes she was sick but why did she not want him there for her . I just disliked her alot . I was happy to put the book down .
 Most of the stories in this book are very boring . Even what ` smeant to be interesting such as the story about a lesbian vampirebrothel-owner -LRB- i kid you not ! -RRB- is so overdone that it 's positively farcical . I do n't have the book to hand at the moment but I remember another story that tried a stream-of-consciousness approach that failed miserably . I felt like I was wading through the stories . Of course there are some good stories from a book boasting contributions from Baldwin and Morrison , but the vast majority are nothing special . Credit must go to the editors who arranged the stories in pertinent sections . Pity they did n't have better material to work with .
 Total garbage . How dare the author present this as a document regarding process redesign in Travel Management . This is a totally vacuous , useless piece of work that was most likely developed for a customer who paid way too much for what was delivered . Not worth 15 bucks . Not really even worth the time spent canceling the order , which I just had to do on a matter of principle . Needless to say the document has been deleted and shredded from my computer.I gave it a single star only because a rating is required
 Useful in some limited ways . Any soft addiction is best managed through the same proven methods that have helped many with `` hard '' and `` soft '' addictions for decades , mainly twelve-step programs and the philosophies associated with them . All Wright is talking about , in other words , is recovery , that is recovering your life from addictive habits and behavior . You 'll get much more from reading books like Addictive Thinking and the Addictive Personality by Craig Nakken , et al or Healing Your Self Esteen
 We 're all aware that we 're not living our lives to their full potential , a few of us will seek out self help books to lead us to another , hopefully better , way . This is what I 'd hoped for with this book . Unfortunately I 'm going to go against what the other reviewers have said and say that this did n't deliver . However , I will admit I never got to the end of the book.If you 're looking for a book that says you should give up your soft addictions and instead find spirituality then fine , however , what Judith Wright considers soft addictions I consider to be the little pleasures in life . I do n't want to give up nice food , going out for a drink and shopping , I do n't do any of these to excess but I also do n't think that I should feel guilty for the fact that I do them.I go through a lot of self help books , most of them I find helpful , a few I find enlightening and it is generally only those that are forcing spirituality on me that I give up on , in the same way that if I choose to go to church I will -LRB- and do regularly -RRB- , but having someone knock on my door and preach that I should will make me swiftly shut that door .
 I was interested in this book , so I am always interested to read reviews from actual readers . I have to say that as I look at most of the reviews of this book , they all look and read about the same -- Almost as if they were created by the same person or person -LRB- s -RRB- working for a PR firm or marketing company or publisher trying to hype the book.When you read 37 REAL reviews of a book or CD , that is a large enough sample where you will see different points of view , different writing/grammar styles , etc. . However , the reviews of this book all are sooo suspiciously similar and positive that it begs credibility to believe they are all from actual individual readers.Let 's not be naive enough to think that book publishers are n't savvy enough to know how to use free and powerful point-of-sale media like this to promote their product.Read the reviews yourself and let me know if it does n't smell to you too .
 There are some interesting ideas presented here . However it is n't a book for everyone
 Look at the cover photo . Have I said enough ? This book is mindless drivel . I feel sorry for anyone who has actually read this insincere , unimportant , uninformed `` book '' . We 're not laughing with you , we 're laughing at you .
 The Way of All Flesh I am sure it is a great book ... . but I personally did not think it a good &#34; read &#34; I REGRET BUYING IT ...
 Recommended as a classic , I found this book to be dry and uneventful as a book could be . I was only mildly captivated by the character of Ernest and the rest of his self-rightious family . This book is more of a psychology work than a novel .
 The last page of this book was as tediously painful to read as the first . Butler 's pompous writing is by far a worse sin than any committed by his vapid characters .
 The main character , Ernest Pontifex , is a pathetic weakling , variously oppressed and exploited by his parents and acquaintances . He fails at everything and relies on others to get him out of difficulties . The other primary character , Ernest 's godfather -LRB- another `` voice '' for the author -RRB- spends his time despising Ernest 's parents and saving Ernest . Yet , since this is an autobiographical novel , the author would have you believe that Ernest is actually a brilliant iconoclast whose writings disturb Victorian society . Humbug ! Butler demonizes his parents so heavyhandedly -LRB- all the characters are cardboard , etched with bile -RRB- and is so smug about it , that he , not they , comes across as the Monster . Of Human Bondage , by H. S. Maugham , touches on some similar themes and is a vastly superior work . Anything by George Eliot would also be a vastly better read from 19th C. English literature .
 Butler finished this book in 1884 , but then like Isaac Newton , left it in a drawer for twenty years and it was only published posthumously . It tells the tale of the unhappy upbringing of Ernest Pontifex ; unhappy because his parents are n't nice to him & his father insists on a strict theology . The critics , Shaw , Pritchett , etc. , hail it as the novel which destroyed the Victorian facade of the happy family . I guess noone had read Dickens or Trollope.I honestly do n't get it . I know that the elites loathed Victorian England , but it 's intellectually dishonest to pretend that contemporary authors , like Dickens and Trollope , did n't question the pretensions and conventions of their day . They act as if there was a huge conspiracy of silence and everyone believed life was perfect , until books like this one exploded onto the scene . This is patently untrue.Butler seems more important as a key figure on the road to the interior or psychological novel . It 's easy to see the debt that authors like Joyce owe to him . Pretty much nothing happens and the whole book turns on Ernest having -LRB- ... -RRB- parents.Tom Wolfe is giving hundreds of interviews right now decrying the psychological novel and begging authors to go out into the world and observe the life and energy of the country . We can only hope someone 's listening.GRADE
 Ellis makes interesting points , but seems very uncritical in his use of mythology in a way that 's been debunked in Celtic studies for decades . If you want a much more compelling analysis of the real roles of Celtic women at least in early Irish society , I 'd suggest * Isle of Women * by Lisa Bitel .
 In this book , as in many of his other works , Ellis seeks to portray an `` image '' of a people and a nation , reflecting a view of the Celts deeply tinged by a romantic view of a long-lost , mystical people . What emerges is sort of an odd duck , an ostensibly scholarly work rehashing old chestnuts about the supposed rights and freedoms of Celtic women even as most scholarship of Irish history has long forsaken them for more in-depth and objective analysis . I have personally not read the entire book - although I have seen numerous excerpts from it - but I have gotten a good sense of what it contains , what Ellis 's basic arguments are , and how he sets out to prove these arguments . I will discuss my issues with this book as well as point out some of the more recent scholarship and the ways in which it differs from Ellis 's claims.Ellis has long been known by his followers -LRB- and he has a considerable body of followers -RRB- as a `` Celtic scholar ''
 This is one book best left to be watched as a pointless , plotless , poor lifetime original movie.I was so hopeful for this book and eager to devour each page for a tell-all story of teen angst and juicy naughty deeds done for the sake of popularity.Instead I got a never-completely explained heroine and boring story . The story lacks heart , passion and a point . Do n't read it as the cover is truly `` cooler '' than the book .
 This is X-rated for pre-teens and high school girls . I got in so much trouble for sneaking it from my friend to read . Now , I am grounded for the summer.Thank you to the stupid author who made the cover look like this book was ok for someone my age to read .
 Prep is a well written , but ultimately pointless book . Prep is an insignificant addition to a giant genre of literature , but it is n't nearly as good as any of the great coming of age books . The book contains a story about a privileged , teenage girl going to a boarding school with a bunch of other privileged teens . The book is about the things that happen to her and how she deals with them . Well , at least that 's what the author tried to do.Sounds great , right ? The problem is that nothing interesting happens . Yes , this book is sort of realistic , but who cares about boring people living boring lives doing nothing ? I do n't know about you , but that does n't sound like a good book to me . The main character does not grow over the course of the book and does not seem to have any interests or passions -LRB- except for one boy she has a crush on throughout the whole book -RRB- . She sets herself up as an outcast and then wonders why no one likes her . This book was boring , boring , and boring . Oh , and did I say boring?The author does not seem to understand what a normal teenager goes through and feels while living through the teenage years . When reading the book it occurred to me that Curtis Sittenfeld was a man , since she did not quite grasp how a teenage girl feels and reacts to certain situations in her life . I did not like how the author wrote as if the focus of a teenage girl 's life is sex , rather than friends , family , and other events/issues . The book felt unplanned and disorganized . When reading it , it sounded like the author was making stuff up on the spot . I thought this book was a waste of time , not just for the reader but for the author too .
 I ca n't will myself to finish this book ! After reading the reviews , I have decided to put this one down . What I found so interesting is that most of the negative reviewers had only rated this or maybe one other book . Perhaps they felt as strongly as I do -LRB- as I have never written a review before -RRB- that this book is a waste of time you NEED to tell someone ????
 I am from South Bend too and this author can go to hell on a hopscotch pad.Who doe s / he think he is writing about a nice town that way . Funny thing is I bet h/she could not even point out South Bend on a map . This story is so unrealistic . Both of my brothers attended Wayland Academy -LRB- private prep school in WI -RRB- and both went to Harvard . . YES , South Bend does produce smart children from wealthy families . Ever hear of Studebaker , Curtis ? Also , the writing is average . Try again .
 I normally do not feel compelled to write a review on Amazon once I have read a book , but this book causes me to change my mind . The protaganist of the book , Lee , is generally very unlikeable . She is whiney and often rude , and completely unmotovated to do anything . Half of the book she barely even has friends . She is surrounded by characters who are shallow and very two dimentional to make things even better.Besides the characters , the basis for the book bothered me a lot as well . The fact that people might think this is an acurate portrayal of a prestigious boarding school is horrifying to think about . Sittenfeld does not include a single believable character in the story and clearly draws on some bad experience she had in her life . Her characters are uninteresting and her idea of boarding school life is completely off . I would never recommend this book to anyone .
 I 'm amazed at the number of highly rated reviews for this book . It was poorly written , repetitive , and boring . The protagonist was an extremely unlikeable character - snobbish to the extreme . She never grew or became more self-aware as the book progressed . There was no resolution ; the book just ended . Check it out from the library if you must ; do n't waste your money .
 Well if people who did not go to boarding school and hence have a slew of stereotypes about boarding school in their heads did n't have enough ammunition before , they certainly do now . As someone who attended an elite boarding school I thought the details of everyday school life were on target - but the characters -LRB- even down to the choice of names -RRB- were straight out of an after school TV special . Surprise , surprise - every social `` outcast '' was a minority with the exception of the protagonist . While she was not a racial or religious minority like the rest , she was from an average town/family rather than the country club set . While I 'll admit that it is a difficult task for anyone to write ANYTHING about highschool-ers without sounding trite -LRB- because teenagers are inherently trite and slip more easily into stereotypes than any other group -RRB- , Sittenfeld could have found a much more insightful and clever way of dividing the `` in-crowd '' from the rest . I was very disappointed and am stupefied at the overwhelming response this book has gotten from reviewers .
 This is perhaps the worst book I have ever read . It was the most useless , horrible story ever . It highlights the worst in teenagers , makes the main character nothing but a one dimensional stereotype , and makes all the other characters one dimensional sterotypes . There is no depth to anything , there is no resolution , there is no attachment to any characters . I did not emphatize with the main character , I wanted to smack her ! Do n't waste your time !!!!!
 I was listening to the audio version of this book , and I had to turn it off about halfway through because I realized that I hated the main character . I found her simpering , annoying , whiny , and -- worst of all -- stupid . I hoped that she would become more likeable , but it just got worse and worse as the narration inched along . -LRB- I actually found myself rooting against Lee Fiore . -RRB- Awful , truly awful . -LRB- Sadly , this is only one of two books that I can truly say I dislike ; the other is `` The Golden Bowl '' by Henry James ... however , I read that through to the bitter end , which gives it a leg up on Curtis Sittenfeld 's novel . -RRB-
 I was a white girl on full scholarship for four years at a boarding school in CT in the late 70 's early 80 's and this book is absolutely NOTHING like what I experienced . The only things that even remotely rung true were the daily school meetings and the funny little traditions that these schools have . I bought the book because I thought it would bring back some great memories and I found I could n't relate at all .
 I could n't connect with Lee Fiora on any level - she would have been sympathetic if she had any likable characteristics what-so-ever . She never had any moments of growth and all her personal reflection -LRB- ad naseum -RRB- did nothing but contribute to her lack of self-esteem . While the book was extremely readable , I never found myself rooting for her , it was more like I was extremely embarrassed for her . It was kind of like looking through someone 's dirty laundry hamper .
 After reading `` American Wife '' and finding it a heavily manipulative piece of faux fiction , I should have given up on Sittenfeld . However , I thought her writing had merit and she had just gone awry in `` American Wife '' because she let her politics overcome her integrity and good judgement as a writer , so I picked up `` Prep '' . I was wrong . If this writer can be said to have a talent , it is a talent for creating characters that start out somewhat appealing and then , after sucking the reader in for a couple of hundred pages , become completely detestable , dragging the hapless reader through episode after episode of selfish , nasty , shallow and ridiculous behavior . At that point , one begins to feel a genuine antipathy for Sittenfeld and a deep sense of being ill used indeed . I ca n't think of another author with the same affect upon me -LRB- thankfully ! -RRB- . I can think of no reason that anyone should pick up `` Prep '' or any other book by this author , other than pure masochism and a need to feel manipulated . Do yourself a favor and choose ANY other book .
 Prep is the story of a girl , Lee , on her journey through high school at a prep school , Ault.At first , I thought this book was great . Lee seemed funny and not a part of the crowd ; I even related to her.However , as I devoured into the `` story '' more , these feelings faded . I realized Lee was self-centered yet self-hating , unintelligent , and most importantly , boring . She is the definition of a static character . If the author was trying to achieve this , well done . Lee makes a confusing revelation the last two lines of the book , which does n't make up for the other 399 pages of learning absolutely nothing about herself . At first , I did n't even know it was the end of the book . I thought the next pages was an epilogue ; no , the Sittenfeld 's acknowledgments.During the first few chapters , I thought Lee was fresh out of high school , telling what she just experienced . Later she mentions college , so then I thought she was an undergrad . She then says she graduated and now has a job . By the end , I did n't know whether she was 30 or 60 . Lee gives vague details about the time period , both when the story is taking place , and what age she 's at now . Maybe the author left specifics out for interpretation , but to me , it just made reading the book more irritating . I did n't really care that Lee saw her brother 's name tag when she was visiting home . I did n't care her roommate was the second boy who kissed and slept with her . I did n't care so-and-so got a nose job and is now a lawyer.The sex scenes in this book were horrifying . They were n't tasteful at all , and left nothing to the imagination . Some authors have the ability to make a love scene beautiful to read . Sittenfeld is n't one of them . The fact that Lee and Cross were even together baffles me . He never gave an explanation for wanting to be with her , and , as far as I can tell , there is none . Lee is so bland I would n't want to have a conversation with her , let alone have sex with her.Some reviewers are saying this book did n't have a plot . Now that I 'm thinking about it , they 're right . This book is Lee 's memories of her four years at Ault . Why she would want to share them , I do n't know . As I said before , she learns nothing about herself . She says at some point in the book that this was before she became `` likable '' , and that she did n't become so until later in life . Why could n't this be the story about how she became `` likable '' ? Secondly , Lee does n't even wrap everything up , and when she did , I was left unsatisfied . The last few pages provided explanations of what happened to Lee and everyone she dealt with . I wanted more than a paragraph description of how everyone looks , where they went to college and their occupation.This may just annoy me , but I hated when Lee said something to the effect of , `` Want to know what happened to everyone else ? '' That really made me want to close this book and throw it out the window . This is a novel , not a commercial.Yes , there were a few moments of actual enjoyment , and parts where I thought Lee was going to have an epiphany about herself and the world she lives in . That never happened , however , but that 's the second star.Overall , the title says it all
 I really do n't understand how this book became so popular . I found it tedious , boring , predictable . The supposed `` insights '' that other reviewers have referred to I just did n't find interesting . It was unnecessarily long and made use of cringe-inducing cliches about being a teenager not to mention racist stereotypes -LRB- the poor , inarticulate black kid with hair like pubic hair ; the person whose unattractiveness was explained as being due to the fact that they were Jewish with a big nose -RRB- that served no useful purpose -LRB- such as to point out the racism in such schools or subvert these stereotypes -RRB- . The dialogue was far from clever as others have said . It was hackneyed and superficial . The characters had no depth or complexity . Yawn . Depressing that this is what you have to write to be a successful writer.I have given this review two stars rather than one star for the sheer stamina that the writer has shown in not only staying awake to write such a boring book but for being able to write such a long book in the bargain .
 The official title of this book is called
 I 'm not quite sure how I feel about this book . First of all , I really do n't understand why it garnered so much attention . The story itself seemed rather pedestrian and overall predictable . The characters , including or perhaps especially , its narrator were not endearing or even likable . It felt like reading an edited version of someone 's high school diary , and considering the diary I kept in high school , I just do n't think this qualifies it as an accomplishment worthy of all its high reviews.I will say that it is meticulously detailed . With the 1980s time period , nothing stood out as particularly anachronistic either . The book gave these details a lot of space , and added to the long chapters and constant internalization , all in all felt bogged down and downright boring at times . There were , however , a few scenes that did stand out in a positive light and without those few glimpses of something that actually felt real , I would not have been able to finish it.In the end , however , I never cared about any of the characters . I could n't connect to any of them - and since I used to be a teenage girl , this was particularly surprising . Perhaps my dislike has to do with questions of audience , but if that 's the case , then I really do n't know who this book is supposed to appeal to.Part of my disappointment from this book does come from the fact that it was so highly recommended to me . And after finishing it , I am almost scared to start the discussion about just what it was that they found so appealing . Opening a book with high expectations can be a dangerous thing , and maybe I would have liked it more if I had n't been so excited to read it . But , really , I do n't think I would have finished it otherwise .
 This book was hard to read because I never developed a liking for the characters . The main character was as awkward when she graduated as when she was a freshman . The story read like one humiliating and uncomfortable scene after another , with no real closure or progress .
 I 'm thinking that maybe I 'm just not the intended audience for this book . Then again , as a coming-of-age book , I figured hey , I 've come of age , maybe I 'll identify . Hmmmm ... no.First of all , I find the premise unbelievable . A thirteen year old girl decides - ON HER OWN - to apply to boarding schools all around the country , without the suggestion or even much support from her parents . I get that she wants to leave her awkward family and hometown of South Bend , Indiana , but I do n't know any thirteen year old kids who would initiate a nation-wide search for boarding schools , go through the application process , then miraculously get awarded a scholarship to pay for 75 % of the $ 20,000 / yr tuition . Most young teenagers I know who want distance from their family and boring hometown would just whine and act sullen and plug back into their iPod.And then when Lee -LRB- the main character -RRB- gets to the boarding school , where 's all the pluck she exhibited in deciding to move from Indiana to Massachusettes in the first place ? None of it carries over ? She explains that she is overwhelmed by the reality of the school - she tells about seeing the actual students she had seen in the school 's brochures and feeling star-struck . She notes the absolute difference between Midwestern and East Coast life . She recognizes the gulf of differences between her own family/economic background , and those of the students who are n't `` on scholarship . '' Still , I kept waiting for her to snap out of it . Suck it up . And she does , in some brief scenes - but mostly she seems to be so full of angst and melancholy that I could hardly stand it . You chose this sister , now deal with it!One other unbelievable aspect of the book - Lee suddenly , without anyone ever showing her how , in her mid-teens - learns to cut hair expertly . Everyone on campus comes to her for their ` dos . It 's amazing . The author uses this newfound skill as a plot device for Lee to become close -LRB- but with no fear of rejection -RRB- to the people she ca n't ordinarily even talk to on campus . It 's sort of an interesting idea , but again - unbelievable - and it goes nowhere fast.I found the other characters in the book very one-dimensional . They all had their roles to play , and they stuck pretty close to their assignments . I felt like I was watching an episode of Dawson 's Creek , which I did n't even watch when it was on the air . I did n't care about these kids . You know how I can tell ? I do n't even remember most of their names , and I just read this book last night . And I have never much cared for reading about teens having sex . And there 's a LOT of that in the last quarter of the book , so steer very clear if you 're like me in that respect.Judging by the advance praise on the back jacket of this book , I think I 'm outside the norm in my review of this book . People are just gushing about this debut novel ! Comparing the main character to Holden Caulfield , the writer to Joan Didion . The prose apparently rings like a `` brilliant documentary '' of teenage life . I am dumbfounded , but then again , I suppose I 'm back to my original hypothesis - I 'm just not the kind of audience this book seems to be looking for .
 I thought this book would detail Lee 's growth through from an insecure freshman to a self-confident and self-respecting young woman by the time she graduates . Unfortunately , the main character remains a shallow , insipid shell of a human being to the very last page . There is no personal growth nor a resolution to her maddening self-confidence issues , and the book drags to a conclusion . It is wrought with stereotypes without containing any meaningful commentary ; the reader is simply supposed to accept that the one black girl in the story steals , and that the main character would have been afraid to talk to a certain beautiful -LRB- Hispanic -RRB- classmate `` if she had been white '' . Reading the interactions between the main character and a boy she 's involved with are nothing short of painful , as the sex scenes are degrading to the point of being revolting . I would not recommend this book to anyone , and regret the time I took to read it .
 This book made me want to scream . I simply can not fathom why it has won so many accolades from such prestigious sources . Not only are all the characters one-dimensional and underdeveloped , Lee , the protagonist , is a whiney , self-centered , self-pitying brat . Further , the book perpetuates all the bad stereotypes of prep school -LRB- they 're filled with snotty beautiful rich kids who do n't have anything to do with scholarship students , except possibly use them for their own purposes -RRB- . All minority students are also stereotyped and/or portrayed in a negative light . I went to boarding school at one of the most prestigious schools in the country , and did not find this to be the case at all . Sure , there were a lot of wealthy students , but they did n't ostracize those on scholarship or financial aid -LRB- of whom there were many -RRB- . Perhaps I was not the most popular girl in the class -LRB- although full-tuition ! -RRB- , but I easily found my own group of close friends -LRB- to whom I remain close , thirteen years after graduation -RRB- , and we had our own fun . I find it hard to believe that Lee could not do the same if she stopped her navel-gazing . Perhaps if she stopped feeling sorry for herself , she might have found some kindred spirits other than Martha -LRB- who was so bland , she was almost as annoying as Lee -RRB- . I also was left with the question of why did n't she transfer if she was so miserable ? If the novel is a roman a clef , as most first novels are , I ca n't imagine that Groton , the author 's alma mater , was as horrible as the light in which she portrays it - I know several Groton graduates , and none are horrible people . I only finished the book in the hopes that it would somehow turn around and improve . No such luck . For a more realistic -LRB- not to mention more engaging -RRB- look at life inside a boarding school , read Tobias Wolff 's `` Old School . ''
 At first I loved this novel , expecting the main character to really develop and blossom and to learn more about what is actually happening in her life rather than the inane thoughts that run through her head . The story was rather boring and I found myself wanting to learn more about the other characters than about her , I wish the writer had done this book from the perspective of anyone else but the person she actually chose . This girl made herself awkward and brought herself down more than any other character . I also agree with the person who pointed out how the author attempted to promote every given stereotype , the Jewish girl who has to get a nose job , the token black that does the Uncle Tom skit , the Asian girl with the `` weird '' food and the Hispanic girls with bad makeup and clothes . A true waste of potential .
 Let me just say right off the bat that I go an elite - perhaps the most elite , depending on who you ask - boarding school , and I 'm middle class , non-white , and not particularly tall , thin or gorgeous . Yet , I have friends ! While certainly not the most popular girl in my grade , I get along with everyone and enjoy school immensely.Yet , according to Prep , someone of my status and stature should be an outcast , a loner , a social pariah . Someone like Lee Fiora , the book 's utterly charmless `` heroine . '' She is somehow incapable of being friendly when other people greet her , and spends all of her time lusting after a boy for four - count 'em , four - years , all of which culminates into several visually disturbing , unnecessarily graphic sex scenes . I do n't know if the author was trying to be hip or what , but seeing something like that spring up on you after pages and pages of slogging through muck is a little frustrating . Oh , and guess what Lee discovers at the end ; the boy is Jewish ! Which leads me up to my next point
 This book is undeniably well-written . But a novel also needs interesting characters and intriguing plot development . I found that `` Prep '' lacked both . There are literally places in the book where you can skip several pages and not miss a single important story point . Above in one of the editorial reviews it is noted that the narrator , Lee , `` sees herself as ` one of the mild , boring , peripheral girls ' among her privileged classmates . '' She is indeed that . I do n't read novels to read about mild , boring , peripheral characters . With all the undeserved comparisons to Salinger 's `` Catcher in the Rye '' being made , I 'd suggest reading that instead .
 Curtis Sittenfield is inarguably a talented writer -- she is no hack . But I find it hard to believe that not once during the process of writing this book did she ever think that maybe her lead character , Lee , was too one-dimesnional . I echo other reviewers when I say that Lee is boring and spiritless and fails to have one insightful revelation or make one positive change in her four year stint at Ault . But moreover , the girl is so painfully morbid it borderlines insitutional -LRB- and not in the `` Girl , Interrupted '' or `` Bell Jar '' kind of way ! -RRB- . Guilt , anxiety , paranoia , self-hate , petulence , apathy ... more apathy ... and did I mention apathy ? UGH ! It 's like that annoying , depressed , needy friend , who always calls you with the same sob story . After a while , you just stop answering the phone . I wish I would have had the fortitude to put the book down , to hang-up on Lee 's whiny ramblings as it were , but I honestly had the false hope that she would grow up a little and find some redeeming qualities . I was painfully disappointed to find out she never did . Do n't waste your time . Even the sex scenes do n't articulate the kind of elation one feels when being seduced for the first time .
 I have to say that I was really disappointed with this book . I thought it would be a fun , fluffy , and dramatic read about a teenager 's life at an All American Boarding High School , but it turned out to be a boring book about a girl with low self-esteem , who is always on the outside looking in . You may think that Lee Flora might sound interesting based on reading what I had to say so far , but stay tunned.She is down on herself and only sees the negative in life . She never tries to make her life better or more interesting.I do not know any actual real person who acts the way she does . Not even my shyest friend acts like her . My shyest friend knows how to have a good time and takes her life by the wheel.I get that she does n't have her driver 's ID , but many people do not have driver IDs and they live life just fine and no one critsizes anyone for it . I mean , come on!This book was purely pathetic and all the sexual , errotic parts are described like sex is supposed to be embarrassing and ackward . I 'm sorry , but I do n't think sex is either of those two things , even if you are a teenager . Sex is normal and intimate and this author is making it out to be an ackward , unrewarding affair . If sex was like this , no one would do it.I get that Lee is ackward and weird and everything , but come on ! I 'm weird ! Its a good , glorious thing to be different and unique.I did not like this book and the whole 400 pages was a total waste of my time . You could put down the whole book to 100 pgs to read all the important readable parts . Its sad that the good readable parts are mostly sexual in context , but hey ! The author did not put much effort into this book except at those tims and even then , she did n't do it very well.All I have to say is WORST BOOK EVER 1ST PRIZE ! Seriously though , I so hate myself for reading this . Reading this made me embarrassed and ackward about how the author thinks she 's so great and all those people who wrote those good reviews.I do n't even know what year the book takes place , but it has to be in the 90s or something , because there is no way that in the 21st century were teenage girls still wearing shin length skirts , peter pan collars , and long sweaters . I mean come on ! Totally out of the fashion loop.Yes , I found many problems with this book , the whole book is a problem to me , but do n't let me deter you . Read it yourself and I will look forward to reading your bad review thats positive to warn others about it.The only good thing . I am one more book closer to my reading goal !
 I wanted to read this on my Kindle but why would I pay $ 11.99 to read it on my Kindle when I can buy the book on Prime for $ 9.73 / Paperback and $ 3.50 / hardcover + free shipping ? Why are Kindle books so high ? Without the cost of publishing , they should be way cheaper . And this book is 7 years old .
 This book was difficult to read for a few reasons . At times , the narrator , Lee , makes observations about her prep school surroundings , or describes an uncomfortable situation , that we can all painfully relate to . She reminded me of a part of myself that I would rather not be reminded of . At other times , she is just downright pathetic . Her insecurity borders on the pathological , she has no real personality , and she is introverted to such an extreme that after a while you , as the reader , completely lose touch with her . There were moments when I wanted to slap her on the head and tell her to `` snap out of it ! '' I think she is trying to paint herself as the poor , misunderstood misfit . But in this case , still waters most definitely do not run deep.I did n't find this book slow or boring , it was actually fairly easy to get through . I just realized throughout the course of the book that I really disliked the narrator . Some of her traits were just inexcusable , and others reflected the darker side of all of us , but virtually none of her traits were positive or redeeming in any way .
 Although Sittenfeld writes beautifully and does provide a convincing and somewhat poignant description of the highs and lows of high school , her book fell short of my expectations . Sittenfeld 's debut novel contains no plotline and instead focuses on character development . I felt as though Sittenfeld aspired to convey some kind of deeper meaning in her work . Her work is not didactic , but rather , is annoyingly esoteric.The central protagonist - Lee , is a small-town girl from Indiana . Lee applies to and is accepted at an exclusive Eastern boarding school . Lee struggles to fit in - her four years at high school are torture . Sittenfeld sets up what should have been an interesting , although somewhat predicable scenario . Instead , Sittenfeld does not employ the usual conventions of teen fiction -LRB- there is no happy ending -RRB- . ` Prep ' left me bored and unsatisfied . Where was the scandal ? Where was the intrigue ? Lee is cantakerous , disagreeable and anti-social , as a character she is pitiable . She whines and moans about her ` hopeless ' situation for over four hundred pages . Only if you enjoy reading self-piting , woeful lamentations will you appreciate this book .
 This book was a big disappointment to me , I figured I should definitely read it because of all the rave reviews . Well , I do n't know what those reviewers were thinking . Although , yes , at times Sittenfeld did have good writing and some of her observations rang true , this book had no true , original insight or anything to say . It was cliched , overly long , and most of all , had an extremely unlikable protagonist that almost made the book impossible to read.Another reviewer said it was okay that Lee , the main character was flawed , and I agree that characters should be flawed , but no so much that you hate them . The fact that this was told in Lee 's first-person narration made it even worse . Throughout the entire novel , Lee was whiny , overly insecure , unmotivated , materialistic , and shallow . She was a pushover and only cared about what other people thought of her . I thought that by the end of the novel , when Lee was a senior , she would mature and learn her lessons , but she never did . As someone who just finished high school , I saw Lee as incredibly immature . Her obsession with other peoples ' opinions was equal to a thirteen year old 's , and she did n't do anything to distinguish herself.All of the other characters were cliched and underdeveloped . I never really got a real grasp on them . It was also cliched that -LRB- of course -RRB- Lee would fall for the most popular guy in school , althoug I do n't see why since Sittenfeld 's portrayal of him made him totally unlikable . The way that Lee let him walk all over her was sickening , and again , she never truly learned her lesson . The sex scenes between them were n't sensual but rather they were overly detailed -- I almost felt like I was reading a dry anatomical guide.Perhaps this novel would have been better if Sittenfeld wrote in third person and focused on other characters as well , to distance us from Lee and to make it more interesting . Prep was also overly long , and since its chapters were episodic , maybe Sittenfeld should 've made this a series of interconnected short stories so the reader could pick and choose as they pleased . Out of -LRB- I think -RRB- 6 chapters , I only really enjoyed 2 of them , although those would still only merit a rating of three out of five.However , none of these suggestion would n't have solved Sittenfeld 's fundamental problems of unoriginality , lack of insight , and most of all , a thoroughly unlikable protagonist . If Sittenfeld based Lee on herself , I ca n't help but feel sorry for her . The author does have potential , and I hope that if she writes another novel she 'll strive for more originality -LRB- and editing -RRB- . If you still want to read this book , I would recommend that you read it with someone else so you can vent about the novel 's , and Lee 's , shortcomings with that person .
 Well , I did manage to be interested enough to read the entire book , but when I was finished I wished that I would not have bothered . I was mad at the author , mad at the main character , mad at the people who gave this book good reviews , and mad in general . I wanted my 3 hours back . I 'm over that anger now , but frustrated about stereotypes of the Midwest and the Northeast were prevalent in the book . I think that I would have rather read a fluffier book about a shallow , happy girl who learned something than this psuedo-philosophic girl . Save your time for something truly worth reading -LRB- like The Heart is a Lonely Hunter or The Secret Life of Bees . -RRB-
 First , let me say that I was sucked in by the cover of the book so whomever was responsible , hats off to you ! The other blunder I made was in seeing the author 's name and assume that it was a guy who wrote it . This , it seemed , made the book most interesting , a guy writing about a girl in prep school . So I dove into the book with expectations that just were not met in any way . The only person I can see who would like this book is one who is akin to the lead character . She is a whiney and weak character who just gets more annoying as the book progresses . The only interesting part is when they discuss her furtive attempts at sex.I felt this book was a waste of time as it did nothing to leave the reader with any lingering thoughts . I was just annoyed that I had wasted my time on this book . If you are a teen girl you might enjoy this but that might be a stretch as well . There are better books out there to spend your time on .
 This book was absolutely horrible . What did the author try to describe in this book ? Was this book written to give a perspective of how minorities are treated in prep school ? Or to simply entertain , giving readers things to relate to the main character ? If it was the first reason , the author has completely messed up , and has written it without thought or reasearch . If it was the later , this book was n't meant to be praised by so many readers.Personally , another reason why I hated this book so much was that it was impossible to track what time period this book was set in . How many teenagers listen to Bob Dylan these days ? Do you actually think someone who owns shoe factories -LRB- I would have understood if it was a computer parts factory or a car manufacturing company -RRB- in Korea would be rich these days ? What is this ? The 70 's ? Not only that , but the book was slow moving as well . I do not recommend this book to anyone .
 What a disappointment . This book was a mishmash of prep school cliches . The plot was thin , the main character not at all sypathetic or even interesting . Who wants to read about a high school girl who has so little self regard that she would allow the boy she `` loves '' to use her for sex while forbidding him to acknowledge her in public , and who cheats on exams to stay in school , with no repercussions ? There were multiple mixed messages but it all boiled down to BORING and TRITE . I expected more from an author with the credentials of Ms. Sittenfeld but was sorely disappointed .
 This book is a great example of an over-hyped mess . Kept me somewhat entertained , waiting for something to happen , but it never did and I completely forgot everything about the book within about an hour of finishing it . If you want to care for or feel empathy for the main character , skip Prep and try The Wonder Spot by Melissa Bank instead .
 Prep is single handedly the worst book I have ever had the displeasure of partially reading . I did not even get to page 50 and I threw it in the garbage ! I do n't know how people managed to finish this book ! The protagonist is a huge bore from whom there is nothing to learn or be inspired from . From the other negative reviews I have read on here , it seems that she is that way to the end ! I actually resent the author for creating her.I am positively shocked that there are other reviews comparing Lee to Holder Caulfeld !! Lee is to Holden Caulfeld as Faster Pussycat is to Bach !
 i was intrigued by this book because i remembered ms. sittenfeld 's essay from the great anthology `` listen up
 This book was one of the most boring coming-of-age novels I have ever read . Lee Fiora bored the s # * ! out of me , there was poor character developement throughout the novel , and hardly any plot . Also , the writer had the annoying habit of Lee telling a story then jumping into her present life and relating the incident in the such a dry and pointless way I wanted to just slam the book shut . Lee failed to evolve in 4 yrs and I could not relate or empathyze with her in any way . The best thing about this book was that it was available @the local library and I did not have to waste mi dinero $ $ $
 `` Prep '' is a book that is too long , unexpectedly far too graphic , and extremely depressing . Lee does n't fit in , feels lower than her peers , gets subpar grades , never has a boybriend , gets into a lousy college , and ends up having sex with a jerk who does n't even care about her . At the end of the story , she looks back and realizes that she did n't enjoy herself and then rarely talks to her former best friend . IF I WANTED TO BE THIS DEPRESSED , I WOULD 'VE READ THE NEWS .
 I had high expectations for this since I like coming of age novels and it was so highly rated but I could n't accept the first premise of the novel-that the major character could ever be accepted to this prestigious prep school . Anyone who has no alumni ties , no money and hails from a public school in the Midwest has to be exceptional to be admitted into a place like this-exceptional in academics and most likely with other highly developed skills , including a competitive and confident nature . Instead the central character acts as if she was dropped off in the school recycling bin one day . Worse , not only is she undistinguished , she delights in her incompetence totally petrified to raise an eyebrow let alone a voice . Sorry , a kid like this does n't get into a school like that and , if she did , she would be working hard to distinguish herself and prove her worth . Finally , we are to believe that this mousy girl , who wo n't even confide in her best friend suddenly gets this urge to blab all to the New York Times , thereby , finally distinguishing herself as the school traitor and malcontent . Masochism is the overriding theme of this book . The book is funny-in spots ; telling-in spots ; but is-as Holden Caulfield would say - phony .
 There are definitely moments of cleverness and rich evocation
 Nothing in this novel is profound . Nothing in this novel is redeeming . Nothing in this novel inspires , puzzles , or educates . It is the ramblings of nothingness . Where feelings of the moment have a higher priority than values , morals , standards , virtues or ethics which , by the way , were nowhere to be found in the main character 's daily struggles as an individual growing up -- only feelings.There was a little trace of regret , and only then because of its inconvenience to Lee herself , but there was no trace of shame or guilt in Lee . `` Where these is yet shame , there may in time be virtue '' Dr. Johnson
 Am I the only reader who found the prose ponderous , the dialogue stilted , and the whole thing badly in need of editing ? I am amazed at the status this book has achieved , and doubly amazed that anyone would utter Salinger and Sittenfeld in the same breath . Read the prose out loud to yourself
 Prep sucked me in with it 's cute cover , teenage protagonist and bestseller status , however by the time I finished this book I literally had to fight the urge to throw it in the trash . The authors writing itself is captivating but the storyline is non-exixtant . Lee travels through four years of high school with no major growth or emotional development . The book makes you care about her and you find yourself rooting for her to make some kind of breakthrough or to at least accomplish something . But she never does . The author does convey a huge amount of information to the reader about the school and it 's pupils , but for me , this did not make it an engaging novel . The ending was a major disappoinment , Lee reveals what has become of several of her peers after high school and virtually nothing about herself . I was not looking for a happy ending , but some type of progress or closure would have been nice.What I wanted was a good book that I could be engrossed in , what I got was a bunch of pretty words and phrases .
 The `` Sugarman '' crush is the only theme that runs through the whole book , all others such as `` assassin '' , `` teaching bike riding '' , `` theft '' , `` hair cutting '' etc. are not . If you think the `` hair cutting '' is far-fetched , the `` hooking up '' with sugarman toward the end is even more so . Why all of sudden , the boy decided to hook up with Lee in their last year ? What has made her different in Sugarman 's eyes after being classmates for three years ? This part and the last chapter -LRB- after colleges -RRB- are so `` Hollywood '' and are the worse parts of the already flat plot .
 This book dragged and dragged and dragged . I could not finish it . Filled with one tedious scene after another , I honestly do n't know how this book ever got published . It had no interesting plot , characters , or storyline . I found myself yawning as I read it . Usually , I force myself to finish all books I start . But I finally had to give up on this one . I did n't want to waste one more minute of my precious life .
 This book is awful . Such a waste of money . Lee is extremely insecure and ca n't even have a normal conversation with anyone . For four years , all she does is sit in her room and do absolutely nothing other than think about and judge her classmates . She somehow forgets she 's at a boarding school and needs to study and makes awful grades . She has a huge crush on the most popular guy in her grade and one night he magically appears in her room which starts a series of hook-ups . She basically lets him use her . Seriously , save your money and do n't waste your time .
 I find it hard to stay interested in a book where you ca n't identify with the main character in anyway . And this was the case in this book . All I could think the entire time was that teenage angst was way overdone . The story of trying to fit into the popular crowd is one that has been done many times before , and in a more entertaining way . Not one of my favorite reads , that 's for sure .
 I 'm not a literary critic , and to be honest the only reason I 'm writing this review is because a woman in my book club suggested this book . When she did we all went on Amazon.com to read the reviews and the vast majority seemed to be positive so we agreed to read the book . What a waste of one month of bookclub ! Maybe the writing was really great -LRB- according to the good reviews here -RRB- but the story itself , not so much . How many books/movies/television shows can we watch about how difficult and uncomfortable high school is/was for a teenager ? Am I supposed to feel guilty because I actually had FUN in high school ? It 's not even so much that the character is difficult to like -LRB- usually those are my favorite types of stories -RRB- - it 's more about the fact that nothing actually happened in this book BESIDES not liking the main character . It just was n't good . It was hard to read because I just did n't care what happened next -LRB- or at all -RRB- . There is an entire chapter on Lee cutting everyone 's hair . I mean , maybe I 'm shallow and did n't understand it , but it was n't enjoyable for me . At all .
 As another reviewer said this is a `` train wreck '' of a book . Disjointed . Poorly developed characters . Weak , phlegmatic female character . I ca n't believe it took Sittenfeld three years to write this mess . I could have done it in a week . And so formulaic . I 'm just angry that I picked the book up at a garage sale and wasted my time on it . `` Fish '' versus `` cheese '' ? - puhleeze . St. Albans should be ashamed for housing Sittenfeld as a `` writer in residence '' while writing this `` novel '' . No way I would recommend it to any child , adolescent or young adult . Pure trash .
 The main character does nothing but whine throughout the whole book , it is irritating . The narrative drifts in and out from the topic at hand which would be fine if there was some relevance I literally skipped over paragraphs of unimportant drivel . Save yourself some time hang out at the mall if you want to hear real high school angst or whining this was just self absorbed dull wannabe teenagers .
 Maybe it is because I AM an editor , but I found myself wishing that I could take this book and chop it to pieces . That way , readers could find the cleverness without having to wade through the muck . The paragraphs are way too long , the descriptions unnecessary , and the subplots extremely boring . Sittenfield beats a dead horse . Way too many times . She 'll write something bordering-on brilliant , and then repeat it again and again , diluting it 's effects almost completely.But , buried beneath the drawn out details that no one in their right mind would really care about , is a poignant , sometimes painful , tale.A product of private prep schools , and an Ivey-esque University education myself , I thought the descriptions of Ault and its students were right-on . I enjoyed all the student 's last names for first names . -LRB- Aspeth , Horton , Cross -RRB- . The small , hypercritical environment where everyone was beautiful and smart , polite but not necessarily NICE , reminded me of my prep day school . Even the stupid game Assassin , seemed like something my high school could have come up with.In the beginning , I could n't figure out if I was bored because I had already lived Lee 's story , or if the story was just boring . It was like trying to live the worst parts of high school all over again
 The narrator/heroine/protagonist - and I 'm stretching it by applying the latter two terms to Lee Fiora - is an overwhelmingly one-note character . Over four years , she manages not to evolve or change in any way , good or bad . Her detached insecurity is annoying rather than endearing . She observes people rather than interacts with them , which is just as well , because the other characters in the book are pretty boring and one-note as well . I ca n't think of any redeeming qualities for Lee - she lacks ambition , is jealous of her friends , and -LSB- spoiler alert ! -RSB- ca n't find the courage to initiate a daytime conversation with the young man who climbs into her bed and has sex with her at night . -LRB- Do n't get excited - you have to wade through the first 3/4 of the book to get to anything that remotely interesting . -RRB- Most of the scenes begin with such gripping openings as `` The night of the fire drill ... '' Save your money and your time .
 What does it say about the state of American literature that this book is hailed as adult literary fiction ? I mean come on , this is a Young Adult book , a good YA book but not for grownups . NO WAY . I started this book with great hope , but halfway through -- when the embarassing juvenile sex scenes started -- I got really bored , -LRB- is this her diary from prep school ? -RRB- and realized that nothing meaningful or interesting was going to happen . The realization that prep school is full of preppy -- get it , prep-py people is no surprise , and neither is the fact that there are differences between rich people and middle class people !!! If you are a teenager , read this book , if you are an adult looking for a high school graduation present , buy this book . Otherwise , pass it up .
 I thought `` Prep '' did not give an accurate description of what boarding school life is about . It made boarding school seem overly cliche , and a place where only the rich and the elitest are schooled . The boarding school that Sittenfield created is one that is seen in movies , not real life . If Sittenfield spent more time at boarding schools today , she would realize that her description of boarding school is inaccurate , and poor kids who are sent to boarding schools do not automatically become outcasts . A reader might enjoy this book if he/she has never been to or heard of a boarding school ; if the reader has , he/she will find it ridiculous .
 Many other reviewers have already mentioned my chief problems with this book
 I heard and read so much about this book . But that 's not why I hated it . I hated it because it was absolutely awful . This is the worst first person narrative I 've ever read . And I 've read a lot , trust me . The narrator and plot are flat , flat , flat . My feeling about this novel and the narrator was who cares ? If you want to read about adolescent angst do n't waste your time with this - read or reread `` Catcher on the Rye . '' The few times Holden rants about prep school will tell you all you need to know . What a waste of money ! This was such a dull read I do n't even want to torture anyone by giving it away .
 I really like the teen books , but this was a disappointment . I did n't get very far before I felt that there were things that I did n't want to read about . There were too many mentions of things that I did n't want to be hearing about , sex , and names of things that I just did n't want in a book . I read for entertainment , not education . If I had kids , I would not want them reading this .
 From reading the back of the book , I was very excited to dive right into it . As I did so , I grew tired of how Lee prejudged everyone and everything and was nieve to the world around her . Yes , she was supposed to be 13 when she went to school , but the character should have matured slightly over the 4 years.The plot was slow and dragging although the writing was on target with what I expected.In the end , I was disappointed because I had begun reading this book with such high hopes , but by the end of the first chapter , I was bored .
 I am a pre-teen , and from the description on the back of the book , this book seemed suitable . However , I was entirely and disappointingly wrong . This book is a book about a girl named Lee Fiora who , for otherwise pointless reasons , decides that she will leave her Midwestern home in South Bend , Indiana to attend a prestigious , private high school in Massachusetts . The major flaw of this book is that it lacks any true and intriguing plot . It is simply a string of tiresome events that occur during Lee 's four year period at the school , called Ault School . This causes the book to be utterly boring and it drags on in certain parts -LRB- and since it is 400 + pages , these parts that `` drag on '' really `` drag on '' for a LONG time -RRB- . The second major problem is that Lee possesses no form of self-esteem whatsoever . This is exhaustingly annoying and pointless . OF course , all teens , including myself , are self-conscious , but her confidence level is embarrasing . She does not possess any defining qualities or talents , other than the fact that she has a knack for cutting hair . She is n't even charming and it most certainly does n't make you feel sympathetic towards her.Thirdly , this book was basically about the intracacies of high school romance . This , though it sounds innocent , is merely an understatement . It describes the intracacies of physical high schoool romance . Lee , who nearly flunked out of Ault , spent her time and enrgy spacing out on all other activities and focused on fantasizing about her crush of nearly four years , Cross Sugarman . The book implied she was Catholic , and I am , too . Later in the book , Lee `` hooked-up '' with Cross ; several times . Eventually , she lost her virginity to him . I found this extremely insulting , seeing as the Catholic church adamently detests pre-marital sex , and that was what she seemed to obsess about . Not only was this insulting , but she rarely even seemed to share a conversation with Cross . This is a sad reality for some girls , but she certainly regarded the matter lacking any ethical or moral consideration whatsoever.However , there were some interesting points , especially when Lee would flash back to her former self in South Bend , a person I could much better relate to.Overall , this book was disappointing , dull , and excruciatingly pointless . Please , do not read this book .
 oh.my.god . I ca n't believe I finished this book when I fould it incredibly cloying almost right away . The character Lee Fiora is a black hole of need and neurosis . I listened to the audiobook and found myself saying out loud `` shuuuuut up '' over and over . I 'm annoyed I wasted my time with this painful freakin ' book . Save yourself !!!!!
 The only reason I am giving this book 2 stars is because I think the author did a great job of portraying prep school life with all it 's bizzare traditions -LRB- the green jacket , etc -RRB- . However , that was probably the only good thing about this book . It got off to a good start , but half way through I was asking myself what I had done . Lee Fiora came across as a total snot . I tried in desperation to like her , but I could not . From her general `` whatever '' attitude about life , to the way she treated her parents , she came across as a very shallow human being.I though the sex scenes were gratuitous . Were they really necessary ? This book was terribly formulaic . Awkward , shy girl wins over the handsome , sexy popular boy . Real life could not be further from the truth . Give me a break . Bottom line , stay away from this book .
 This cheaply constructed story was engrossing but so full of self-absorbance and self-hatred and so pointless ... A major disappointment and a sellout
 If someone without connections had written this book , it would not have been published let alone lauded by all the critics . This is clearly a derivative , dull , prep school girl 's memoirs . I do n't care if she did come from Indiana , she 's another prep school girl , in love with the rich despite disclaiming it . It is so overwritten , it 's practically unreadable . Shame on the critics who fell for it .
 ... and I wanted to root for the protagonist , but I just could n't get behind her or any of the characters . Nobody was very likable , particularly Lee . Also , I had a hard time getting past some of the characters ' unusual names -- Gates , Hunter , Devin , Dede , Darden , Cross , Aspeth , Aubrey , Little , Horton , etc. . I suspect these choices were deliberate on the author 's part and that they might reflect the kinds of names you 'd find in an East Coast boarding school , but I found them distracting.The last chapter was depressing , and I was glad when it was all over . Still , Sittenfeld is a great writer and I 'd be willing to give her a chance again .
 Another reviewer mentioned how unlikable the main character is . I agree . Also , the navel-gazing , woe-is-I tone gets old well before the story ends . A forgettable book .
 Recently , the author visited my private boarding school on the east coast and had nothing to say about her book . She read a paragraph from it and then proceeded to not be able to answer any of our questions . It was as though our questions were too hard for her to answer . She could n't even answer the question , `` What would you define preppy as '' . She had written an opinions in The New York Times at the beginning of the summer saying that boarding schools were basically awful and she would never send her child to one . Being a graduate of boarding school , she could n't even explain as to why she had written the article and did n't know how to defend or clarify hereself besides finally ending her visit while the rest of us students sat restlessly and bored at this supposed `` New York Times '' best selling author who even told us that her next book which is coming out next year HAS NO PLOT ! Please , I beg you , do not read this book . The author has no literary skills whatsoever and is an even worse public speaker . I could n't even finish the book , it was that repulsive , sterotypical , and just plainly AWFUL !!!!!!
 This was not my favorite book but it gave an interesting perspective . It is probably a worthwhile read for parents of tweens and teenagers who want to get a better idea of what is going through their kid 's minds.It was hard for me to get past the maturity that the main character Lee Fiora had for certain people skills which seemed well beyond her age which made the story somewhat unrealistic . For example , in her thoughts about when Martha was telling her something she did n't agree with she would say to herself I did n't say anything because that would mean that Martha would stop being so honest with me . It is hard for me to imagine that Lee is so mature in this perspective when she is so immature -LRB- as most teenagers are -RRB- in other regards.I think there are much better books out there that I would recommend like The Kite Runner , The Poisonwood Bible , and The Time Traveller 's Wife .
 DUMBEST BOOK I READ ALL YEARThis book was boring . The writing was bad and the author insults anyone from South Bend Indiana .
 If you are interested in reading 400 + pages waiting for a plot to form , you might like this book . Overall , this is a book -LRB- I could n't even say `` story '' -RRB- about an insecure adolescent who thinks absurdly too much and says/does absolutely nothing . I would guesstimate that if you were to combine all conversations the main character , Lee , spoke in the book , it would not total 3 pages .
 I am from South Bend , Indiana and am completely offended by this novel . Obviously , you never heard of the Trinity School nor think we have homes on Jefferson . I graduated from a prestigious university in South Bend you all heard of and am disappointed a publisher would let this book even make it to a galley print . I have already returned my copy and pointed out to both Barnes and Noble and Borders in South Bend that this book reflects a negative view of South Bend and was told both stores returned copies back to the publishers for that reason alone . I work in publishing in NY and I think no one should buy this book .
 I was soooooooo disgusted with this piece of so a called literature . I would suggest the author Curtis Sittenfield find herself a name that matches her gender . Them I would suggest she invest in a bottle of shampoo and get some advice from that . You could also bring a bottle of your favorite shampoo and read that in the bathroom instead .
 I read the book Prep
 i ca n't believe i read this whole book . it started out promisingly enough , but soon devolved into navel-gazing blather . this is a writer who loves the sound of her own voice too much . she needs to concentrate on these little things we like to call character development and story . what a huge bore .
 What with all the comparisons to Salinger , etc. , that appear on the jacket , I expected this novel to be incisive and ... well , impressive . It was neither . Though the author does have a neat turn of phrase , she only manages to make a handful of really excellent and unique observations throughout the the course of the book . Most of it is just run-of-the-mill recounting of cliche high school experiences that we 've all experienced no matter where we went - public , private , prep , boarding , whatever . If those high school experiences still sting and you still remember the full names of all the popular people in your grade and all the injustices of teachers and administrators who , sadly , `` just did n't get it , '' then this book is for you . It 'll take you right back there , to all of the short-sightedness and self-absorption and stupidity of adolescence . I ca n't believe it is touted as `` literary . '' One would hope we 've moved on to larger concerns and more far-reaching ideas by this point . Anyway , to sum it up
 I was really disappointed in this novel , especially after reading all the hype in the NYT . I found Lee , the main character , to be remarkably unchanged throughout her prep school career . She was `` sad and angry '' throughout the whole book and nothing -- not friendship , rejection , embarrassment , or humiliation -- fundamentally affected her . Also , as the parent of a boarding school student , I found the portrayal of her relationship with her parents profoundly misleading . Lee 's inability to relate to her family was not because she was a boarding school student ; she could n't even relate to other boarding school students !! Lee seemed to have personality disorders that preceded Ault , but the author did n't acknowledge that .
 Like most of the others , I read this because of all the hype , and because the author was coming to speak at my school 's bookstore . Lee , the main character , got obnoxious after the first hundred pages or so , and there were so many incidental characters that I could n't keep track of their importance . I read the whole book , including the last half excitedly , because I thought that certainly Lee would undergo some major change that would make her see how wrong about everything she was . I was disappointed at the end that nothing occurred . I read the last page three times to see if I 'd missed something , but I do n't think I did . It 's ok , but the static character and the racism and stereotypes means I wo n't be recommending this book to anyone I know .
 At first , I really liked this book . Sittenfeld does a great job of capturing the claustrophobic , treacherous world of high school . She also does a good job of illuminating what it 's like to be young , and very privileged , and she shows that these advantages do nothing to protect one from the terrible feelings of inadequacy that plague teens . I also went to elite schools , and I knew that outsiders thought I was very lucky , but on the inside , it never felt like I was one of the `` golden ones . `` But then the paralysing grip of the narrator 's bizarre terror at social interactions of every kind slows everything down and the novel starts to feel arid and pointless . Instead of developing normally , the narrator stands frozen in terror . She spends years watching the other students , and silently worrying about what they think of her , or what they would think of her if they ever noticed her . Meanwhile , every developmental opportunity passes her by.The narrator is so painfully shy that she contrives ways to avoid making eye contact with strangers on walkways , runs out of class when called on to speak , and completely shuns all social activity . Because of this paralysing self-consciousness , she never meets anyone , hardly makes a friend , never seems to feel the thrill of physical activity , the joy of sports , the excitement of discovering that you 're good at science , or geometry , or music . The narrator recounts in agonizing , moment-by-crushingly-dull-moment detail , how she stands on the sidelines , holding her breath , trying to be invisible , tortured by fantasies that someone will notice her and like her , wishing for nothing more than to talk to a boy and devoting hours and hours to elaborate ruses that might -- someday , if she 's incredibly lucky -- just MIGHT bring her into a few seconds ' proximity with a boy , but completely avoiding all normal social opportunities during which she might actually get to talk with that boy , or any boy , or any girl , or teacher , or houseplant , for that matter.It 's horribly frustrating to be trapped inside the head of an adolescent completely withdrawn from the world who does n't really develop , have experiences , share intimacy , learn things about the world or herself or other people . -LRB- Oh , and the big passions of her school years ? Are for people to whom she speaks exactly once . And then watches wistfully from afar . For years . You read that right
 This book was recommended to me by Amazon , so I thought I 'd give it a read during my work commute . Unfortunately I had the expectation from the cover -LRB- the belt pulled a bit too tightly around the cover -RRB- and title that it was going to have a dark humor tone or be a satire on the prep school life -- something in the vein of `` Election '' . That only set me up for the inevitable let down.The time period , as other reviewers have said , was difficult to pin down . I had thought it to be the mid-80s by the various mentions of cassettes , the description of outfits -LRB- including the neon pink and green belt from the cover -RRB- , and the slightly dated vernacular amongst the kids . It actually seems to take place around mid 90s , just before the reign of cell phones . Time period issues aside , I just did n't feel any sort of attachment to the main character , Lee Fiora , despite seeing slight reflections of myself at that age . The insecurities she had with literally everything in her daily life became ridiculous as page after page she 'd describe why she could n't perform one mundane task or another due to something being `` inappropriate '' or not knowing what to do . Where exactly this ideas came from or why she felt that way was never explained nor was it apparent from peer treatment . After a hundred pages you just want to hit and shake her -- sadly her lone friend does n't share this sentiment with me . I wondered for most of the book why anyone at the school would even bother speaking to her much less be her friend . It 's not her snobiness that bothered me , it was her inertia ; I just wanted her to * do * something . There was absolutely no character growth from freshman to senior year in Lee or in fact any of her classmates , friends or otherwise . The story is told from a flashback standpoint and the grown Lee makes scattered comments throughout that she has changed -- but the reader never gets rewarded with that discovery on their own . In fact everything the author wants you to feel about Lee and her life is force-fed in statements rather than the actions and experiences of an evolving character . Throughout the book snobby/preppy rich kids are eluded to , yet none of them ever appear . Actually the students seemed almost bizarrely nice to each other so the tension and fear Lee feels again is hard to believe because there 's just nothing there.It 's very clearly a book written by a first-time writer and that Lee Fiora was a projection of the author herself through her protective treatment of her character . There are no consequences for her behavior , or at least nothing she actually learns . Despite repeated statements that she 'd changed over the four years , by the end of the book I felt as though Lee was the same person I had met at the beginning and I 'm glad to finally be rid of her .
 I read this book over the course of last weekend , turning page after page thinking it HAD to get better or that the main character would evolve into a human being that a reader could empathize with . Alas , that never happens.The main character , Lee , is a dour , self-obsessed oddball -LRB- but not in an appealing way -RRB- who does n't appear to care about anything . Literally . When asked to write an essay about something that matters to her she scrawls at the bottom of the assignment that she really does n't care about the subject she 's covered but believes she 's fulfilled the assignment.Does Lee go on to evolve or develop ideas or convictions ? No . The writer takes us through the base , humiliated ` relationship ' Lee has with her highschool crush , a cringeworthy tale through and through.At the end of the book we 're left scratching our heads . Has Lee learned anything , grown or changed ? It appears she 'll continue on forever being uninterstingly odd and never connecting with other human beings in any real way.The racial stereotypes were tiresome and the main character was singularly unlikeable . I 'm mystified by the hype around this book .
 This book started well , but after awhile it became a chore to finish . The main character of this book does n't grow , and she has nothing interesting to say . She does n't have as much money as most of her classmates , but it 's hard to see where that really gets in her way . She has a miserable sexual relationship that just kind of goes on and on . So what . The book finally ends and I just did n't care.There were some good sections , such as the parents visiting day sequence when the main character was so -LRB- unjustifiably -RRB- embarrassed by her parents that her father decided to leave early . I also found the aborted relationship between the main character and the townie to be fairly interesting . Yeah , both of these sections were overdone , but there was a ring of truth to them . Most of the rest of the book was an attempt to make us feel sorry for a character that was totally unremarkable and unlikeable .
 First let me start out that this book is NOT written about -LRB- Lee -RRB- a guy , nor is it written BY a guy . There are two reviewers who stated that . Easy to do , I 'm sure , considering the book is written by a woman named Curtis . But this can also shed some perspective on the book now that you know.I would find Lee a much more likeable character if we were n't inside her head all the time . It 's like all those things you think to yourself but do n't say out loud just because they are n't worth saying - that 's kind of how this book is written . Lee is probably one of the most self-concious , self-doubting characters I 've ever read about , and it 's equally depressing and a bit dull . I find her sometimes brashness to be a bit out of character for someone who is otherwise a bit of a wallflower or constantly worried about what people will think to the point they 're almost afraid to move . And I 'm not even done with the book yet ! There are moments , as the review suggests , that just when you want to smack Lee , Sittenfeld does something to ` reel you back in . ' Yes , I can agree to that ; but those moments , sadly , are few - at least for me . I thought this novel would better be suited for the Young Adult section , rather than a novel geared towards adults.The constant over-analzying of Lee 's character starts to get on one 's nerves after awhile . If I finish this book , it will be a miracle .
 Prep is the story of Lee Fiora , a middle-class teen from South Bend who enters the privileged world of Ault private school via scholarship . Over the course of the too-lengthy book , the reader is treated to four years of Lee 's misery as an outsider passively trying to survive her boarding school experience and find some way to if not fit in at least not stand out , as well as hoping the supreme goal of Cross Sugarman -LRB- big man on campus -RRB- comes her way.There is without a doubt some fine writing in Prep -- some beautifully rendered passages , some achingly honest depictions of teen life , some poignant moments of domestic grief , but these moments are eventually diluted and eroded by the book 's plodding and basically plot-less pace , its too-great length , the passivity of its main character , and some bouts of hard-to-believe dialogue . Individually , any of these would have been minor flaws but together they so overburden the book as to make it difficult to finish . It 's telling perhaps in reading over some of the stronger reviews that so many of them rate the book highly on the way it allowed them to recall themselves rather than the craft of the book -- a not-to-be-scorned compliment but one which makes one wonder if they would have liked any book with a sad and passive outsider girl as its main character regardless of how well it is written.Lee 's passivity is utterly plausible and well-depicted , but it is so consistent , so dependably predictable and so monotone that it grows wearisome rather than sympathetic or interesting over the course of several hundred pages . A shorter book would probably have avoided this but by the halfway point I kept flipping to the end and asking how the author was possibly going to keep this interesting for another 250 , 200 , 150 , 100 pages . She did n't . And too often the narrator falls back on stating '' I thought/felt ill-in-the-blank was the saddest thing I 'd ever seen/heard/tasted '' . The characters besides Lee are mostly superficial types rather than fully-fledged characters -- the black urban girl on scholarship who turns out to be a thief , the banker boys , the popular pretty girl , etc. . That is n't to say these types do n't exist ; they do . That 's why they keep cropping up in books . But what distinguishes the good books from the lesser ones is when these characters transcend their types and become individuals , or at the very least are balanced out by more original characters . This does n't happen , or at least happens too infrequently in Prep.The dialogue , especially at the start , is too hard to imagine as freshmen in high school dialogue , no matter how exalted their background . The dialogue improves , becoming much more realistic a bit into the book , but still has its wince-inducing moments where characters sound more like authors imagine teens sound or like smart , educated 20-year-olds like to think they sounded as teens.By the end , the book became more chore than pleasure , the character too whiny , too monotone , too static for me to bother much about . And since the character is pretty much the book , that did n't leave much else to compel the reader.As mentioned , the talent is obvious in scattered portions , and while I would n't rush out to grab a second book by this author , I 'd be interested enough to pick it up and give it a chance . Not recommended though , despite the flashes of strong writing .
 Sittenfeld used EVERY racial stereotyped character she could create
 At first , `` Prep '' looks engaging , but it quickly becomes a piece of work as the main character 's whiny voice grates on our ears . Lee has no brains , motivation , passions , or ideas . She is n't good at anything , she is rude to people who try to be her friend , and I wanted to smack her . Is it any wonder she is an outsider ? It 's not because she is from Indiana . It 's because she is a whiny blob.More than that , Lee is BORING . I do n't mind hating a main character ; everyone hates Scarlett O'Hara sometimes , but at least she is interesting . I do n't mind reading about a serial killer as long as the story is engaging . But Lee is n't . She has no spirit.The story is blah and often does n't make sense . We go through four years -LRB- and four hundred pages -RRB- at The Ault School , and in that time , Lee never changes once.When she is a freshman , her only `` friend '' is another scholarship student , an African American girl named Little Washington . When Lee catches Little stealing , I expected Lee to think about not turning her in , or at least give the decision some thought , considering that she 'd be indirectly expelling her only friend . Or she could decide to turn Little in because she felt it would n't be right to say nothing -- that could be an interesting idea . But no . We only see Lee catching Little in the act , then find out in a subsequent scene that Lee turned her in . It makes me want to smack the author.In Lee 's junior year , she is still a stupid , boring mess . Nothing much has happened , except that Lee now has a weird hobby
 Lee Fiora , an average , peripheral girl from South Bend , Indiana , gets a scholarship to the prestigious Ault School in Massachusetts . PREP tells the story of the four years she spent in boarding school there , all the while trying desperately to fit in to the upper echelons of the old money social stratosphere of 1980 's New England.Lee spends pretty much the entire novel trying way too hard to fit in , alienating the few people who actually care about her along the way , and never actually succeeding . Witnessing every insecurity , paranoid anxiety , and and ridiculous thought from the inside of Lee 's head gave me a headache . Having to spend so much time in the perspective of someone who cared so much about what other people thought of her -LRB- while all the while remaining too clueless about the fact that no one actually thought of her the way she wanted them to -RRB- was simply exhausting . I think the most frustrating part of all was that I kept expecting her to learn some sort of lesson from her experiences , to grow up , to mature in some way , or make any sort of progress , but at the end she 's still the same insipid , shallow , self-absorbed girl she was at the beginning.That 's not to say that this novel had nothing going for it . I actually read it pretty quickly , because -LRB- despite the unyielding headache -RRB- I found Lee 's deadpan social commentary to be fascinating . There are a lot of clever details , nuances , and subtleties that could only come from Sittenfeld 's own prep school experience . The relationships also rang true in a raw way -- though I found the sex scenes to be so degrading that despite being one of the more objectively relatable parts of the book , they were almost painful to read.That said , I can not remember the last time that I detested a protagonist in a novel to this degree . And it 's hard to enjoy a novel when you ca n't relate to a single thought that passes through its narrator 's selfish , short-sighted , utterly clueless head -LRB- not to mention the whole wanting to strangle her thing -RRB- .
 I heard a lot of hype about this book being a great break out book for teens and adults alike . Unfortunately , I found it exhausting , long-winded , and unaffecting . Readers follow the main character , Lee Fiora , through her four years at an exclusive Massachusetts prep school . Lee , who comes from a lower middle class family from the Midwest , does not fit in with her rich and sophisticated classmates at The Ault School . And she does nothing to change that . Pages and pages of this book are dedicated to Lee 's self-conscious obsessions about how long is too long to talk to someone and whether or not the people around her are secretly wishing she was n't there . I felt very little sympathy for Lee and by the end of the book I just wanted to shake her . I expected her to undergo some sort of change ; either to learn that there 's more to life than wealth and priviledge or to become more comfortable with who she is and stop idolizing her peers . At the end of the story , Lee was pretty much the same . This is definitely one of those books that I read all the way through just to see what would happen . And I was unimpressed .
 I was duped into spending a whole day reading this book , duped by an attractive cover , an intriguing setting and several pages of glowing reviews . I thought surely , the sages at New York Times Book Review can not be wrong.At first , the story is interesting , though implausible . Clever , sensitive , keen-eyed , observant girl has the courage to leave her family at 13 ! to go somewhere completely different from anything she 's known . After a few semesters at the Ault School however , Lee Fiora -LRB- parents like hers would never give a girl such a cool name -RRB- begins to metamorphose into something bizzare & unrecognizable . She aquires a 2nd personality that sort of inexplicably sprouts and grows on her like a toxic mushroom - no doubt bred by the damp , & chilly New England air.The 2nd Lee Fiora is a self-absorbed imbecile without gratitude for any of the extraordinary opportunities given her , or even the daily acts of kindness some of her teachers and classmates show her . She never sees good in anyone or anything unless they are of some use to her -LRB- ie her best friend Martha -RRB- , and her initial curiosity and wonder turn into ugly selfishness , meanness and repellent small-mindedness . There is nothing in her that is interesting or worth any empathy , because she 's no longer a recognizable person . She 's a synthetic character , a cartoon , a silly thing that could never be a flesh and blood girl . She 's the sketch you see on a pamphlet , to prove a point , not to depict a person.There are also some ridiculous stereotypes that make you wonder whether the author has ever met people of different races/nationalities . Sin-Yun would never speak such bad English after several years of studying at an American school . `` Sin-Yun leave school '' or some such ridiculous 1st grade sentence is what an non-English speaker may say after 2 months of being in the US , not after 2 years . And believe it or not , even non-Americans know that referring to oneself in the 3rd person is weird . Obviously , the author never met a smart , educated person from Asia.I wish I 'd never known about Lee Fiora . 10 minutes conversing or getting to know a real person would be far more fascinating than a whole book of this fabricated monster . The only thing I learned from this waste of time is that New York Times can be wrong , very wrong .
 While Sittenfeld is a commendable author whose writing is heartfelt and convincing , her protagonist Lee Fiora is so frustratingly pathetic and misguided that it is a difficult read . Fiora is a character that at first you sympathize with because she is an awkward outsider , but then you grow to hate Fiora because she learns nothing from her past experiences and continues to make that same mistakes over and over again . Her repeated gaffes make you cringe throughout the book , and at the end you are thankful to be rid of Fiora and her annoyingly analytical and aggravating ways .
 I 'll admit right here that I could n't even get through the book . I simply could n't deal with Lee 's snobbishness and isolation . The entire book appeared to be an inner-monologue of angst . It was painful to see Lee brush off friendly overtures again and again , and then to blame those who made them for being too stand-offish . I do n't know if Grotton has changed any since the author went there ; as a -LRB- boarding -RRB- prep school student on half-scholarship myself , I can say that I 've never encountered the level of self-absorbed angst Lee exhibits through all four years . A girl who does n't manage to change in four years should never have won that scholarship .
 Perhaps I would have liked this book if I had n't read `` I Am Charlotte Simmons '' so recently -LRB- last year -RRB- . I did n't much care for `` Simmons , '' but I pushed through it , determined to finish . 50 pages into `` Prep '' I felt like I was reading `` Simmons '' part 2 and could n't go on . It is very similar in tone and writing style as well as plot . If you loved `` Simmons '' then you 'll probably love `` Prep , '' too . If you did n't care for the former , however , I suggest skipping the later .
 As you 've already read , Lee Fiora was entirely unlikable with zero redeeming qualities . I 'm completely alright with hating the protagonist , -LRB- Bella from Twilight anyone ? Ugh . -RRB- But Lee is just too much . I ca n't say anything interesting happened to herin the 4 years , because she was too boring and afraid to interact with anyone.The other characters were so poorly developed that the only way you could keep track of them was because they had stupid names like `` Cross '' `` Aspeth '' `` Horton '' `` Darden '' `` Dede `` It makes you wonder about the author ... All that education , and still uses ignorant stereotypes and sophmoric writing . No thanks !
 Sorry to say I got only about 100 pages into this book before I abandoned it . I really wanted to like it because the premise was intriguing -- ordinary girl from Indiana gets scholarship to an elite boarding school on the East Coast , but unfortunately the characters never sprang to life . The writing itself was pretty good , but I had to keep reminding myself that this was supposed to be about kids in high-school , not college , since the characters spoke and acted more like 18 than 14 . This had bothered me all the way through , but when the main character Lee said something about someone `` sporting a mustache '' , I gave up . So many books , so little time .
 The writing in this book is atrocious , proving again that publishers will print anything they think they can promote . Also there appears to be no plot . And it is repetitive in the extreme , extreme , extreme , and so forth . I relied on a NYT review . Never again .
 The book cover shows excerpts of reviews from well-known and respected sources that seem to think this book is great . However , it is not great . I only finished it because I really , really kept hoping it would get better . But it never did.The main character , Lee , is boring , negative , and unhappy - but it is ALL her fault . She has many , many , many opportunities to make friends and make her experience happier ; but she does n't . Then she complains about being so unhappy . As my dad says , `` life is what you make it ... if you sit around acting unhappy , you 're always going to be unhappy . '' This statement fits Lee perfectly . If I met this Lee character in real life , I would probably hit her right in her face.So , if you want to read a book about an unhappy teen , who has every opportunity to make her life better , but refuses every single one of them because she 's too self conscious - then sits around and whines and moans about how horrible her life is ... and NEVER changes ... then read this book.In my copy , there were book club questions and an interview with the author . I glanced through it , and much of it seemed to center on how her experiences are universal to all adolescents . Um , no . I could not relate to Lee in the least - even at my unhappiest and most self conscious times as a teenager . I understand the concept of being self-conscious and worrying about what other people think - but she does n't do ANYTHING AT ALL because she is so hung up on it . Unless her one friend is around -LRB- and honestly , I do n't know why this girl is friends with her -RRB- she literally sits around by herself complaining about being sad and alone and by herself . She would say things like ` if I have a good experience with someone , I have to let time pass avoiding seeing them so that I do n't ruin that good experience . And the better the experience , the longer I have to avoid them . ' See why I want to punch her ? She does n't try , and that 's the most annoying thing of all.I usually sell my books back to a bookstore when I 'm done with them . I threw this one in the trashcan , with great relish.I was on vacation , if I was at home I think I would have burned it .
 Maybe I 'm getting as grumpy as a certain NYT reviewer , but I ca n't think of much good to say about this novel . I 'm not sure that it can really be called a novel and that may be my biggest problem with the book . I know that it was well liked , NYT notable book and all , but there was no real cohesive element here . No arc . No compelling plot line . And our first person narrator was n't even terribly likeable.Believe me , I wanted to like it . And though I did n't like Lee Fiona , I understood her . And there were great things brought up , great revelations . Yet , I kept looking back at the the number of pages I still had left to read and wondering why I should continue reading . I was really let down.I 'm beginning to feel more old fashioned all the time . I just expect more out of a book . I was just looking for something to pull me along in this book . The author misses opportunities to make a point . Somewhere near the middle of the book when there actually is a crisis , her friend steps in and saves the day without a lesson learned . Disappointing.Was this an autobiographical novel ? Was this one of those that could have been a memoir ? It feels like that to me . And that 's not a good thing for a novel .
 I consider myself to be good with details and having a pretty good memory . Prep , however , fell into the oblivion of my mind . It was so utterly forgettable that the only things I can remember are
 `` Prep '' was overlong , and I found the prose to be unoriginal and the tone and setting to be underdeveloped . Lee is an incredibly uninteresting and unlikable narrator . There were repetitions of certain small details that made me feel the book was inattentively edited.Additionally , the time period was unspecific ; elements eventually pointed to the 80s , but I do n't believe that the phrase `` hooking up '' was used then to describe sex or making out.I do n't get why the NY Times picked this as a notable book . I found it tedious and pedestrian .
 When is the last time , if ever , I have hated the main character of a book as much as I hate Lee Fiora ? Nothing comes to mind at the moment . At the beginning of the book I saw some simularities between myself and Lee . But as the book progressed all simularities vanished and I could n't stand her!Here is the plot of this book : `` LMC '' Lee goes to boarding school . She hates it . She spends her all her high school years pining after the same worthless boy and feeling awkward , leftout , and alone . She is ashamed of her parents , herself , everything.She is a spineless , snivelling , feel sorry for herself girl with no confidence or self respect.The book has no real plot . It constantly shifts pointlessly across wide expanses of time , leaving the reader confused and annoyed.And to finish the story off with a bang for anyone who stuck around long enough , Lee lets a boy take advantage of her and is still self hating , deplorable old Lee . No , you will not even be granted the satisfaction of seeing her become a better person . The story just ends and thank god it finally did.I 'm sure there are lots of people like Lee in the world and that this book provides an excellent view of their world . But you know what I do n't care . I read books because I enjoy them . This book made me want to recycle it as toilet paper.I do not recommend this . There are WAY better books out there .
 Not only was this book poorly written , but it also contained no character development on a character i believed to be despicable . I have heard similar comments from other friends and family who have read the book . It was possibly one of the worst books i have ever read .
 This book was rather engrossing initially . The author gives good details on the characters and you can almost picture them -- with the exception of the main character , Lee Fiore . Lee 's physical appearance is unknown , but her personality is bland , and her character weak.I kept waiting for the story to build to a climax , but it never left the ground . It was pointless -- Lee went to school , and left school.Utterly boring .
 The review I originally saw for this book made that comparison , and based on that , I was delighted to get a copy . But what unfolded was so disappointing . It was n't catty enough to really give a peek at life in a prep school , -LRB- or maybe I just went to a similar public HS socio/economically -RRB- ? Lee Fiora is possibly the most annoying character I can recall spending time with . If I were dealing with her in person , I 'd have pushed her out the door . How her relationships , particularly with the object of her devotion play out -LRB- no further details here in order not to spoil the book for others -RRB- , seem highly improbable to me . Unlike another reviewer here who sited Mr. Fiora as most tolerable character , I 'd have to give that accolade to Lee 's roommate , Martha , for putting up with her for 3 years . It 's a dilemma to me how this girl was ever accepted in this school . But I believe this author has promise , and hope she 'll try again .
 extremely untrue . Do n't expect to gain insight about boarding school from this novel . I currently attend a boarding school in CT , and find this novel to be extremely biased , untruthful , and obnoxious . All of my friends who read it hated it .
 I have never written a review before , but I feel it is my civic duty to warn people that is the single worst book ever . I wish I could get back the hours I wasted on prep . It was beyond horrible . The main character , Lee , was the most pathetic individual I have come across in my 30 years of reading . She did not possess one redeemable quality and by the end of the book , I simple could not wait for it to be over . Lee was not interesting , passionate , compassionate , intelligent , witty , kind , selfless , nada . She is lucky she even found one person to be nice to her at school . Unless you are 14 years old and attend prep school , I ca n't think of a single reason why anyone would find this remotely worthwhile . Never has a book left me with such a bitter taste in my mouth . Lee was annoying and pathetic and it bothers me greatly that young , impressionable girls have been exposed to these pages of utter garbage - even for a nanosecond . I might add that I got this book from the library , and I am still angry I wasted my time on it .
 Sittenfield writes about the age old story of an outsider entering the cliquish world of affluent teenagers at a private boarding school in New England . This book follows the story of Lee , the outsider , through her 4 years at `` Ault '' . However , Lee never grows as a person or a character ; she remains shallow and immature throughout the novel . This book , like the main character , lacks depth and meaning .
 Before starting this book , I finished Oh The Glory of It All by Sean Wilsey . I read Oh the Glory because of Curtis Sittenfeld 's recommendation on NPR.Oh the Glory is probably the best thing I got out of Sittenfeld . Please read that book.Sittenfeld has a knack for putting into the words the simple things humans feel and think but do n't realize they think and feel . She 's not a writer devoid of observation , but Prep has no redeeming qualities.It 's true that Lee Fiora is awkward and self-concious like most teens are . But who the hell wants to re-live those painfully awkward and overly self-judgemental times of their lives ? Especially when there is no pay-off in sight.Prep should be in the Young Adult section and I 'm not sure why it 's not .
 I had hoped to find a book that would somehow continue the serious social criticism and art of Tom Wolfe 's `` I am charlotte Simmons '' . Instead I found this superficial , politically correct fluffed up fantasy version of pseudo elite culture , equivilent to a true romance type genre ... shallowly written for those who do n't want to think ... nothing wrong with that I have my own favorite fluff novels ... but let us not pretend that this book is anything more than continuation of a superficial version of angst for those who write professional reviews . You can do as well reading a magazine , watching some tv show or the like . This is not a book for a reader looking for literature , art or challenge . Why do the professional reviewers beat the drum for this drivel ?
 do n't waste your time with this terribly boring , pedantic and tedious book . barely anything happens and it takes 400 pages for that nothing to happen . if you want to read a good book about a young teen trying to fit in , making mistakes and learning from it , try `` I AM CHARLOTTE SIMMONS '' BY TOM WOLFE . Do n't waste your time with Prep .
 I was so disappointed by this book . I never really got a grasp of the main character and I kept waiting for a climax in the book - which never took place . It is good writing , but the story needed to spark .
 This Book was horrible ! I heard really great things about it and so i figured i should read it . The main character is really boring and shallow and i did n't like her at all . And for her to allow a boy to just take over her life even though she knows he does n't love her is simply ridiculous ! I do n't know i thought that this book was kind of boring and i just did n't like it that much .
 To be perfectly honest , I had expected a far better book than that of the one I read . While Ms. Sittenfeld clearly has talent , I did not enjoy her book . It was slow , even over exagerated . I , being in high school , know exactly what it 's like . And no , it is NOT that bad all the time . And the character , Lee , was just poorly outlined . Especially by falling for Cross . I also hated the in depth portrayal of intimacies . For pity 's sake , leave me with a somewhat purer mind than that . So , in conclusion , I did not enjoy this book , nor would I recommend it to anyone . I do not mean to insult Ms. Sittenfeld , however , I do believe that she could do better , and I wish her the best of luck . I hope this helped whoever reads this review .
 I REALLY did n't like this book - mainly because the main character was just not interesting enough to care about for 406 pages - it had moments , the self-reflecting moments , that made me keep reading on -LRB- and I do n't like `` not finishing '' a book that I 've started -RRB- but they were few and far between - I would not recommend it
 completely inaccurate portrayal of prep school . This simply propagates the inaccurate belief that because we have money and wear pink , we 're bitches
 This book is pure garbage . The main character is dull , depressing and pathetic . I have not a single clue why anyone over the age of 14 would rate this book with more than one star . The rave reviews must be from friends of the author . Do n't waist your time on this book . Oh , I suppose the book has one single appeal - the belt on the cover is cute .
 I read this book , beginning with relish and ending with annoyance . It felt , overall , like Curtis imagined in his head what a NE prep school might be like without ever having visited one and then imagined what it might be like to be a young woman without ever having been one of those either . His characters are distorted cariactures with no depth and no sympathetic interest . If YOU have a high school education , I suspect this book is not for you . However , if you like insipid pop-fiction , and do n't mind obvious imagery and blandly overdone comic characters , go for it .
 I read this book as a book club selection , and while it was good for provoking conversation about our own high school experiences , I can not say it contained much depth apart from liking or disliking each character.Sittenfeld does a nice job of describing the typical teenage angst that most of us go through at some point in our lives ; however , after four years of it , I grew tired of Lee . There was virtually no change in her attitude , despite several catalyst events to spur that.When a book makes me severely dislike a character , I typically consider it a successful book . In general , while I may not have liked the character , I ca n't help but appreciate the author 's efforts in writing someone so well . In `` Prep '' though , the development in Lee is missing , and it is her friends -LRB- acquaintances , rather -RRB- that remain the dynamic forces in her life.The journalist arriving at the end , and Lee 's subsequent `` big reveal , '' feels like a bad version of deus ex machina , with some big event trying to wrap up a plot that lacked depth in the first place.While indulgent simply for the sake of reminiscing , and for sympathizing with Lee 's desire to fit in , I think Sittenfeld just missed the mark .
 I ca n't tell if the story depresses me because it so unrealistic or so very realistic . Also , I ca n't tell if I identify with Lee Fiora or ca n't understand her at all . I 'm not sure if that 's what the author was going for but that is what she got from me.High school can be isolating . But it seems to me that Lee Fiora creates her isolation . She has been told repeatedly that she could fit in so long as she talks back to those who strike up conversations . Could any child be so awkward ? Would any girl who gets the most popular guy in high school want to hide it ? I get shyness , I get isolation , and I get fitting in . But Lee is still enigmatic and incomprehensible to me . Does she never understand that Cross is using her ? Is Cross even using her -LRB- I ca n't even tell that ? -RRB- . For all the hub-bub about social-class stereotypes , it seems that it was only a big deal to Lee and that the kids themselves really did n't ostracize as she felt they did . Was that great writing by Sittenfeld to show us the reality through the voice of the girl who is cynical?But I read through the book hoping for an epiphany . And it comes in the form of `` The world is so big ! '' In the end , her defining relationship is Cross Sugarman , the boy she loves and never knew a thing about . She compares all her future men to this boy who likely used her for nearly a year for sex -LRB- but dated no one else either which is interesting -RRB- . And long after she has graduated college and entered the workforce , Ault is still very much in control of her thinking , her life , and her social endeavors . Again , I do n't know if many would be so consumed by life in HS , but our ` heroine ' certainly is and that is perhaps the most depressing thing .
 I had high hopes for this book , but it did n't live up to even mediocre standards . It plods along steadily but follows no path . I felt like I was just waiting for something to happen . A few things happen at the very end , but they just sort of come out of nowhere . The main character is really unlikeable because she is SO anti-social and socially lame , yet blames everyone else for all her problems . If she at least developed as a character and realized what a lame dweeb she is , it would have been better .
 Very disturbing . Basically a rich kid 's idea of what a `` scholarship '' kid 's inner life might be like ... Sittenfeld 's projections into an unlikeable wannabe.No wonder we are in trouble in this country when the privileged see `` LCMs '' -LRB- the lower middle class -RRB- as lying around passively waiting to be screwed . What a metaphor !
 This book is awful . It 's just a big bunch of nothing . There 's no real plot . The main character , Lee , is a whiny , self-absorbed brat . The only common thread throughout this novel is Lee 's self-hatred . Prep is centered around Lee Fiora , a girl from South Bend , Indiana . At the age of thirteen , she gets it in her head that she just has to go away to boarding school for her high school education . How she got this idea in her head is n't referred to until the end of the novel , and is left unexplored . There is an anecdote that she tells a reporter at the end of her senior year about going to Florida on vacation with her family when she was 10 , but that is the only reference to her decision to go to boarding school in the entire book , other than a couple of throw away sentences about her parents not understanding why and that sort of thing.Lee is a miserable character . She 's whiny , self-absorbed , and just flat out unlikable . She is so busy worrying about what other people think of her that she just twists in the wind . Lee is the worst kind of follower - she does n't even know why she dresses like the other girls or why she cares about what they think of her . She is n't comfortable being herself , yet she does n't `` try on '' other personalities either . She just freezes and retreats from every interaction with other people . Part of her problem is that Lee has poor self-esteem . This is compounded by the fact that she has zero social skills . She 's not really shy , she just has no clue how to act , so she does n't even try . Instead , she retreats . It 's amazing that Lee managed to make a single friend , let alone maintain her friendship with her roommate Martha . Even then , she 's second guessing and reading between the lines whenever she has a conversation with Martha.Basically , Prep is Lee recounting her experiences at Ault at some point later in life , at least ten years after she graduated , as she mentions that she went to both the five and ten year reunions . The story timeline jumps forward in chunks -LRB- Freshman Fall , Freshman Spring , etc. -RRB- , so we 're not getting the whole story , just the events from that quarter that stood out in Lee 's mind as significant . Most of what Lee considers significant is actually pretty boring , run of the mill life stuff.The only times the book got interesting for me were when her friendship with Conchita was developing -LRB- before it imploded -RRB- , when she first interacted with Cross at the mall , and when she was sneaking around her senior year hooking up with Cross . The rest was just filler between those events . Her friendship with Conchita died when Conchita introduced Lee to her friend Martha and Lee hit it off with Martha . There was this childish conversation about `` stealing friends '' , but Lee had no sympathy or understanding toward Conchita 's feelings . The scenes with Cross at the mall came across as the popular boy being friendly to the girl no one notices only because no one who mattered was around to see him doing it . He was taking pity on her and Lee read more into it than it really was . Then later , when they 're both seniors , Cross comes to her room late one night and they make out . Lee never questions why he showed up out of the blue and acted in this fashion . For all her observations of her classmates , Lee seems to have no idea of Cross 's reputation where girls are concerned . She just acts like it 's a dream come true and does everything she can think of to keep him coming back . But even Lee knows in the back of her mind that it ca n't last forever , yet when it ends , she acts as if though she does n't understand why it ended.The last few chapters of the book are Lee wallowing in angst over Cross ending their hook ups . She never seems to grasp her own or other people 's motives . She never grows as a person . Even though Cross is n't the nicest guy in the world , he 's a more well-rounded character than Lee is . He has more insight into Lee 's personality than Lee herself , which is ironic , considering how trapped in her own head Lee is as a character.There were times when I had to force myself to keep reading . This book really grated on my nerves . I like characters that grow and change . If they do n't change , at least they do interesting stuff . Lee Fiora is just flat and boring . I 've disliked characters before -LRB- Scarlett O'Hara -RRB- , but Lee takes the cake . At least Scarlett O'Hara was n't boring . I did n't like her as a character , but she had a spine and a personality . Lee , on the other hand , is so forgettable , it 's ridiculous . The author could have done something really interesting with this novel , had her main character evolved as a person over the course of the book .
 The story was so-so in spite of rich details . I cam away thinking I knew what a boarding school was like . Although I more or less enjoyed gaining that knowledge , I did n't really care about the book .
 My mother lent me this book a while ago mentioning that I might enjoy it as I had a somewhat similar experience to the main character . I did n't go to boarding school , but in 7th grade I was pulled away from my public school friends and sent to an equally expensive upscale private school . I did n't want to go , and it took some time -LRB- and a lot of hard work -RRB- to acclimate , especially since most of the students had been at the school since Pre-K -LRB- when they graduated , they were in the exclusive 14 year club -RRB- . Even though I 'm a male , the time period -LRB- though they never explicitly spell out when the book takes place , but it 's fairly clear it 's in the mid 90 's -RRB- lined up perfectly with the time I was having my own high school experience.Going further and making the world one where the protagonist is not only going to a boarding school outside of her means , but CHOOSES to go , was completely open to some wonderful story telling and insights . The only problem is that your protagonist needs to EARN the right to command your attention for 400 pages.Sadly , Lee Fiora was neither compelling , enjoyable , well rounded , or worthy of being the lead in a short story , much less a novel.The biggest problem I have with this book is one I see creeping up in other popular young adult novels featuring female protagonists . These leads see to have a sense of entitlement that they offer something special , yet they never live up to that promise . Lee suffers a worse fate in that the book is clearly told from her adult self . She has had time to look at her life at Ault with PERSPECTIVE . Yet , her adult self clearly has learned nothing . The idea that the adult Lee still holds her relationships up against her `` relationship '' with Cross is disgusting . We all act stupidly and selfishly in high school . We all have things we 'd like to have done differently . We 'd like to have acted in ways that do n't embarrass us when we look back on them as adults.No adult female with any kind of self respect or brain would look back on what happened with Cross with ANY kind of rose colored glasses . They 'd recognize that they have been used -LRB- and that they used that person a little themselves -RRB- . They might not REGRET the experience -LRB- because they could chalk it up to a learning experience -RRB- , but they certainly would n't feel this was deep , true love that occurred . The idea that she ca n't find the right man because she keeps trying to find Cross is so depressing and ridiculous that if I 'd known the book was going that way , I 'd never have started.Furthermore , the one likeable character in the novel -LRB- Martha -RRB- loses her only good characteristics in inexplicable developments throughout the book . Her last one happening a mere 10 or 12 pages from the end of the book . Her revelation makes her seem stupid and shallow when heretofore she has n't been painted as such . Now , one might argue that 's the point , it 's the change her character makes , but it does n't jive with any of her previous actions or interactions . Though , truth be told , it 's unfathomable why she -LRB- or ANYONE -RRB- would want to be friends or roommates with Lee.Having been in a similar situation -LRB- but I 'd argue worse off since I did n't CHOOSE to go to a school like that , but HAD to -RRB- , I find it personally offensive for a character like Lee to exist . The entire novel she feels she secretly is offering up this caustic , sarcastic , funny girl that hides behind shyness -LRB- but if you got to know her ... you 'd see all that she has to offer -RRB- . She is none of these things . She is selfish and insecure , with ZERO personality save for one or two jokes here and there . She lets her self worth be defined by the `` man of her dreams '' and a friend she has n't earned . Seeing so many of these types of female characters pop up in novels , it truly makes me wonder where the proper role models are for young teenage girls .
 While in the hospital I had a choice of this book -LRB- left behind by someone -RRB- or watching The Price Is Right . I should have watched Price . The book 's character -LRB- the author -RRB- is so unlikeable that I kept reading hoping there would be some resolution to her personality . Some change . Never came . She started out awful and ended up awful . I dumped the book to spare the next patient who might have the same decision to make - Price of Prep . I also decided to check out the reviews . What did interest me was the number of people who identified with the book 's character . Now that is really awful .
 Somebody recommended this book to me . I did n't realize it was a teenager book . I could n't stand to listen to much and I returned it to the library in the middle of the 2nd CD.Teen angst
 I started this novel with very high hopes as it was recommended to me by one of my best friends who has a very similar taste in literature as me . I listened to the audiobook and was so entranced that I borrowed the hardcover from the library to read when I was n't listening . I devoured the book , rushing to what I expected would be a fabulous conclusion . No such luck ... Nothing really happened in the whole book which made me think that the ending would have a wonderful twist or resolution , yet it seemed to just fizzle.The plot of this book centers around Lee 's experience at a prep school in Massachusetts . The majority of the students at the school are affluent and Lee finds it difficult to assimilate once there . The novel follows Lee as she makes friends , develops crushes , ends friendships , and goes through the ups and downs of teenage life . There are certainly passages that are heartbreaking as Lee struggles with herself , her friends , and her family while trying to find a balance in her life between who she wants to be and who others expect her to be.If Curtis wanted to capture the `` typical boarding school experience '' , I think that she did a pretty decent job but it read too much like a boring diary than an insightful look into a young woman 's growth during her teenage years . As a former faculty member at a boarding school , I thought that this novel would be filled with the exciting and sometimes outlandish things that happen at prep schools . However , I had no such luck . I am a bit surprised as to why this novel received so much attention when it was first released as it only really scrapes the very surface of adolescent troubles . I feel that YA novels such as `` Speak '' or classics like `` To Kill a Mockingbird '' and `` A Tree Grows in Brooklyn '' are far more poignant than this book .
 Summary
 My first review on Amazon!Possible Spoilers Sittenfeld quickly establishes Lee as a shallow , materialistic girl , who would also be vain if she had any confidence -LRB- the few physical compliments she does receive , she gloats over - so it 's likely that both Sittenfeld and Lee herself want us to believe that she 's actually fairly attractive , but Ault crushed her self-esteem -RRB- . So I wonder why we are never given any detailed physical description of Lee , or really any of the characters . Teenage girls do obsess over minutiae when it comes to looks , so this just does n't seem accurate to me . Of course , I could overlook this if it was an overall style , but it 's not consistent.However , this is in no way the least realistic aspect of the book . The relationship between Lee and Cross Sugarman is ludicrous . As I mentioned above , Lee is likely of more than average attractiveness , so Cross 's passing sexual desire school for her is not crazy . But the liaison would never last that long . Even if their relationship had been drawn as purely exploitative on Cross 's side , he would have grown tired of her much sooner , because the female population of the school was wide open to him and nothing is remarkable about Lee . Cross says he was attracted to Lee because she was funny . I did n't find her that funny . This whole section , the last quarter of the book , insults the reader 's intelligence . - nitpicking
 With such an impressive author resume and endorsments , I expected this to be a great book . It was not . I actually had to skim the last twenty-five pages to find out what happened because I just could not bear to read anymore of this tediously boring tale . Aside from the fact that the story goes nowhere , nothing ever happens with the main character which is even more of a let down . Lee starts out as an irritating , vapid mess and despite opportunities to grow , never does . There was not one moment that I liked or identified with this girl and having spent several years as an outsider at a snobby private school , I thought there would be some parallels . I am never enlightened about why Lee is such an annoying , horrible person , how her inner snob came to be and why she is so unable to at least embrace it , which may have at least given her some facets . The writing , while decent , is as flat and uninteresting as the main character . I can only guess that Sittenfeld has great connections because I do n't see why else anyone would bother publishing this book . As I read the five star reviews , I am left scratching my head and wondering if we read the same book .
 This book is boring ! Lee Fiora is joyless . Her constant angst was depressing - she was on the outside because she chose to be , and lamented the fact for 406 pages . The other characters were one-dimensional , except for Martha . I would have enjoyed the book more if it had been about Martha - special and ordinary in Lee 's words . Her `` hook-up '' with Cross Sugarman was not believable , and by that time I wondered why he would bother with someone so uninteresting , so unremarkable , so nothing . She excelled at nothing , because she made no attempt to be anything but an outsider . How could she have been so special at home ? The book was awful . If I see the author 's name again , I will run .
 As an African-American woman who graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree Cum Laude , currently in grad school , and an active freelance writer , I am always discouraged when I read about people who feed into stereotypes . Believe it or not , there are very successful and intelligent Black people in this world who did n't get where they got through scholarships , athletics , and rapping . I do n't knock these ways of getting ahead , but this story fed into so many negative stereotypes to the point where I wanted to know what DECADE this book was in.I had n't even gotten to page 40 and I read about : # 1 A Black girl , Little Washington , who left pubic hair in the sink , was a thief , spoke broken English , only got in through scholarship , and had a foul mouth . The 1st and 3rd line of dialogue when she 's introduced are `` That b@#%@ is crazy '' and `` She ai n't funny . '' # 2 Little 's sister 's name was Big , as if she could n't possibly have a more civilized name . # 3 Sin-Jun , the third roommate , was an Asian student who could n't speak English very well and did n't seem to notice that dried squid was smelling up their room . The girl may be foreign , but I 'm sure her senses work very well . # 4 `` Darden Pittard , who was our class 's cool black guy ; Darden was good at basketball and from the Bronx and wore a gold chain ... '' As if it 's not possible for a brotha to get into private school without athletics . Ofcourse he had a white girlfriend and tacky jewelry to go along with his oh-so-convenient hometown of a ghetto . # 5 On page 44 , the narrator says `` Intermittently , I tried making conversation with Rufina Sanchez , who 'd been recruited to Ault from a public school in San Diego and who was so pretty that I 'd have been intimidated to talk to her if she were white ... `` It was so depressing to find out that this book was copywritten in 2005 . In the current century , a book like this not only supports stereotypes but helps folks who already simple-minded reinforce their own beliefs . By the time I got to page 50 , I took the book back to the library . There was no way I could stomach the rest of this novel .
 I picked this book up because it was reviewed in The New Yorker . It had a catchy title , a vivid book jacket , and a promising subject
 I had heard good things about this book and it looked to be an interesting novel of teen self-discovery . The main character , however , was rarely redeemable in any situation in the book . Slavish to men , to authority , to the wills and wiles of her peers , Lee Fiora was neither complex nor very interesting . Overthinking every situation was one of her specialities , a characteristic that Ms. Sittenfeld played up so much that it became hard to endure . I think perhaps worst of all , was the fact that Lee seemed to never learn from her mistakes . Every so often , she would discuss how she would later react to a similar situation in the future and oftentimes , it was not that different from her teen self , especially situations involving men . I find this disheartening and not true to the fact that the author seemed to think Lee was actually learning something from her surroundings . It was a lesson in what a dismal , self-fulfilling prophecy life can be if you let it .
 I absolutely hated this book . At no point was I able to work up the slightest empathy for the whining and self involved main character . I actually laughed out loud and cheered `` go dad ! '' in the scene where he slaps her for being rude and distant to her family . It took me over a week to plow through the book and I was left with a distinct sense that I had wasted precious reading time . I can not imagine why it ever made anyone 's best seller or best book list !
 I did not enjoy this book . I thought it was long , drawn out , and not particularly well written . I slogged through it , simply because I feel guilty if I start a book and fail to finish it . It was melodramatic , a very poorly disguised autobiographical tale . I do not recommend this book to anyone .
 An Amazon review reader for years , I 've never felt compelled to actually review a book myself . However PREP has infuriated me to the point where I need to vent . Never has a book simultaneously bored and riled me ! The main character , Lee , is a snippy , whiny , unmotivated and throughly dislikeable person ; unfortunately she is surrounded by a cast of characters equally unengaging . If this is an autobiographical novel , perhaps we can excuse the tedious , mundane story and the intensely irritating characters . However that does NOT excuse the sloppy writing -- particularly from someone with the stellar credentials of the author . -LRB- If the book is not autobiographical ... well , shame ! -RRB- The central character never grows , never grabs opportunities for self-improvement , never learns from her mistakes . If you do n't like her in the first chapter , sorry ! `` What you see is what you get . '' Lee remains cynical , bitter , mypoic and unpleasant throughout . Her teachers come across as academic lamebrains , her peers as one-dimensional typecasts . In true `` PC '' mode , one is set up to believe that Lee feels alien because she is a -LRB- white -RRB- scholarship student in a privileged , moneyed cloister . In fact , few well-heeled students could equal Lee 's expectations that friendship , romance , academic success and simple grounding be handed to her on a silver platter . -LRB- I vacilated between wanting to call in a therapist on her balf and wanting to throttle her ! -RRB- Shame on this heralded private school teacher for foisting upon us such drek !
 ok - so where are the great parts of this book ? I did n't read any . . I met this author at a book signing . . she seemed to be way too over-excited to talk about `` her '' life . Her voice was high pitched and she sounds like a child trapped in a lesbo body . This story was just dumb .
 The characters are dull and one-dimensional . The story is bland and as the parent of a child who attends a prep school down the road from the one Ms. Sittenfeld teaches at , I 'd say she got the details and the point of view all wrong . There 's a lot to be said -LRB- both good and bad -RRB- about the kids who go to these types of schools -LRB- and the parents who send their kids there . -RRB- Unfortunately , Ms. Sittenfeld 's weak prose does n't begin to represent pathos of this particular slice of society .
 I had high hopes for this book . Seemed like it would be a good story yet the author never fully develops Lee . You never really get a clear understanding of who she was before she went to Ault-that makes it very difficult to understand why she is so emotionally crippled during her time there . I ended up getting so bored with the entire book - your empathy for Lee quickly fades once you realize how lethargic and unmotivated she is . Do n't waste your time on this one !
 This book is fake . The author has insulted all Midwestern small towns and the snobby attitude is unappreciated . A real bore . A high school memoir book is as useless as a yearbook without signatures .
 I encourage you all to visit the website of this towering intellectual and creative giant , `` Curtis , '' -LRB- whose own name is every bit as vomit-worthy as those of her characters -RRB- . There you will find some of examples of the finest cogitations this planet has ever witnessed . For example , part of an interview : WHAT ARE SOME OF YOUR FAVORITE FILMS , AND WHAT MAKES THEM UNFORGETTABLE TO YOU ? `` I saw Heavenly Creatures not long ago , and I thought it was really well done -- it portrayed the complications of female adolescence in a non-condescending way . -LRB- It 's also a pretty dark and disturbing story . -RRB- The again , I also loved Mean Girls . And I thought Napoleon Dynamite was terrific -- it 's so confidently weird . There are two sisters who 've made the movies Walking and Talking and Lovely and Amazing -- and I think both movies are very realistic , funny , sad portrayals of the way women actually are . Oh , and Next Stop , Wonderland -- it 's quite romantic and features Hope Davis , whom I love . `` A response worthy of Joyce.Ah , God bless that vaunted , peerless , sacred institution known as the IOWA WRITER 'S WORKSHOP for churning out yet another author of painstakingly-crafted , daring , immortal literature !
 Whatever one 's feelings may be about Ms. Sittenfield 's writing style , or the number of pages she has written , or whether or not one identifies with any of the characters or the setting of `` Prep '' , or whether or not you enjoy having Lee stuck in your brain droning on long after the book is finished -- I have yet to read a review that mentions the explicit sexual content in this book . Girls at my child 's middle school ARE reading this book and if your 12 or 13-year-old daughter reads this book , she will read `` artistically graphic '' accounts of oral sex , lesbian sex , loss of virginity , perverse exploitation by male students , mention of anal sex , and more , all seen through the eyes of the main character , Lee , who is unable to process any of it very well . While Lee 's experiences are NOT unrealisitic , her choices and observations are NOT the only ones available . `` Prep '' contains many other events , of course , but it seems like parents should be aware of this content , as I guess a lot of kids are reading this book . I am no prude , but I am not sure that every young girl is ready for some of Ms. Sittenfield 's descriptions .
 This book is best for the trailer park . South Bend is a very nice town . It 's obvious the author has never been there !
 After what I 've heard about this author 's barely concelled lambasting of First Lady Laura Bush in American Wife I 'll never read one of Sittenfeld 's books.And , I have a suggestion for Ms Sittenfeld . In a highly politically polarized country , such as ours is , you should n't mix politics and `` entertainment '' or you 're apt to lose half your audience before you start . You 've already lost me .
 this book sucks ! sorry but i just had to say it . i recommend you do n't buy it , it 's seriously not worth it .
 no other explanation needed.SIMPLY PATHETIC.some people down there said that this book portrays outstandingly well of the boarding school.I DO NOT AGREE , AT ALL.I myself am a New England prep school attendee , and I see , and I experience the boarding school society myself.It is not at all like this book.Well , for some people , social life can be not as easy as others.However , unlike Lee , those people are not pathetic.LEE IS PATHETIC , and I HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO CLUE WHY IN THE WORLD I FINISHED THIS BOOK . MANY OF MY FRIENDS FEEL THE SAME WAY .
 I found the main character , Lee , to be boring and much too concerned with what everyone she encountered thought or did . However , what turned me off the most were the archaic stereotypes all through the book . I ca n't help but think that the author herself is a very prejudiced person and used Lee as her spokesperson.I was offended by the fact that -LRB- naturally -RRB- it was the inner-city black girl who stole from the dorm rooms . How about the Hispanic girls who -LRB- of course -RRB- wore too much makeup and loud clothing ? Several comments the main character made about Jews also seemed to come out of left field and were completely offensive.You can use the excuse that it was just the `` character '' talking but it really made me dislike her .
 Prep follows Lee Fiora as she enters and eventually graduates from a prestigious prep school . The chapters are large and the book is divided into semester sections , though not all semesters are described . There seems to be no rhyme or reason as to why certain semesters and events were written about and others were not.In some ways , this book was very well done . Lee 's voice was honest and conjured up my own adolescent memories with painful accuracy . Lee was a candid narrator who did n't make excuses for her teenage shortcomings and instead simply described what was , what she felt , and what she observed . I was able to relate to so many things Lee described and , even though my own adolescence was markedly different from Lee 's in terms of events , I often felt transported back to my own shared experiences and feelings . Still , while I often felt bad for her , I did n't actually like her very much.But is any of that really a good thing ? Who wants to relive the awkward , uncomfortable , aimless , and painful parts of being a teenager ? Sure , the author wrote well and captured the voice and experience of a teenager very well , but who wants to read hundreds of pages of that ? Compounding this is the fact that the book has no real direction or point . Lee , like many adolescents , pretty much floats through high school . She does n't really have any climatic event happen to her , she does n't really grow or improve , and there are no real lessons or point to reading her experiences . I 'm not sure why I read this book , why the author wrote it , and what the point of it all was . This type of book just might not be for me -LRB- I also disliked Tobias Wolff 's Old School for similar reasons -RRB- , and while I do n't recommend against it , I do n't recommend reading it either .
 I do n't really understand the glowing reviews for this novel . By the time I reached the end , I had such complete dislike for Lee , the narrator , that I could n't believe I 'd wasted my time reading it . The book is divided into four sections , one for each year of high school . For the first three years , I felt some -LRB- minor -RRB- sympathy toward Lee for feeling that she did n't fit in . However , her behavior in her senior year ruined that . It was clear that her `` outcast '' status was self-inflicted , that she made no attempt to relate to her classmates , and that she preferred whining about not fitting in to actually attempting to interact with others . I could n't believe that the most popular boy in school would be interested in her -LRB- for more than a one-night stand , anyway -RRB- , nor could I believe that a well-adjusted girl like Martha would ever consider a loser like Lee her best friend . That it was a quick read is about the best thing I can say about the novel . Lee has got to be one of the most unlikeable narrators in history .
 One can not but grieve for the trees slaughtered to produce this tiresome book . While it may be of interest to a few under-thirty graduates of private boarding schools , the eyes of most discriminating grownup readers will surely glaze over by page 20 . PREP 's 400 pages narrates in exhausting , mind-numbing , largely meaningless detail the passage of a teenage girl through four years of a tony New England prep school . The girl , an `` outsider '' -LRB- because , poor dear , she is from Indiana and her father sells mattresses -RRB- , is driven by insecurity , cluelessness , chronic angst , self-loathing , whininess and stunning self-absorption -LRB- A year in a Calcutta slum would serve her well . -RRB- . These characteristics , common in adolescents , would be bearable if only this young woman were also funny , imaginative , smart , rebellious , interesting . She is instead unrelentingly bland , vacuous , shallow , not very bright and very , very ordinary . So too , it seems , are most of her friends.The flat , pedestrian writing in this earnest but dreary work is devoid of humor , irony , compelling descriptions , sharp imagery , a sense of place , drama , interesting , piquant word choice , penetrating insights , fire
 This book has got to be one of the worst I 've ever read . The main character Lee is from a middle class family and is attending a boarding school where all of her peers are wealthy . Lee overthinks EVERYTHING and it gets annoying really fast , she ca n't do anything for herself and you 'll be screaming at the book telling her what to do . She 's so self-involved and if the book were funny it would be okay but it seems as if the book is supposed to be serious . I got tricked by an adorable cover and a cute story but the author just did n't bring this story to life for me . For God sakes you do n't even know what year it takes place but you know everything about every person attending Lee 's school , Ault , their first and last names , what their parents do , how many siblings , these are all people Lee has never even talked to . Boring book and really hard to get through .
 I was very dissappointed with this book . Very slow going . While reading I kept thinking that this book would appeal to my 15 year old daughter . However , the graphic sex in the last chapter changed my mind about that . Not sure what type of reader she was looking to attract . The subject matter was too juevenile to keep my interest piqued . If she left out the last chapter this book would certainly be shelved in the Young Adult section . A real dissappointment .
 I think that after reading this book and many other so called teenage life books , i relized that this is not really what life is for me . yes there are a few incidents when i want a boy friend , or i kiss a guy , but it is not always the most interesting thing to read over and over again in every `` teen '' book . Prep is kind of like that . Highschools are not all perfect , they have their flaws to them . Like crime or racists . Every teen book so far has been about the better off people , how about writing one about some people on the streets or the hood . They have stories too . they are n't just people reading stories , they probably want to read one that relates to them . Again if you want another pathetic teen book , read prep !
 This book was terrible . Just because this book is set at a boarding school does not put it into the ranks of J.D. Salinger and Knowles as the cover eludes . The main character is annoying and I found my self waiting for action to begin . No intelligent internal dialogue . This book does not even begin to touch issues such as those in Catcher or A Separate Peace . I found myself quitting it when I was 3/4 of the way through wondering when the main character would get a self-esteem so I would n't have to read descriptions of sexual acts .
 As a former student and teacher at a New England prep school , I found this novel infuriating . It 's hard for me to tell if the author is projecting her own prejudice or if someone really experienced this while at Groton -LRB- the obvious basis for Ault -RRB- . For good , bad or indifferent , boarding school requires that a student engage the community and the protagonist here , Lee did none of those things . She was a bad student -LRB- and I am not just referring to grades -RRB- , and did no extracurriculars . She was in a setting where her teachers were at her disposal night and day and at an institution whose facilities rival most major colleges , and yet , she did nothing . Her treatment of her parents was abhorrent , even by teenage and boarding school standards . I 've witnessed students treat their parents badly , but never have any of those student hidden their parents from everyone on a Parents ' Weekend . Her constant complaining , whining and snobbery were annoying ; it was hard to empathize with this character.Siitenfeld should stick with what she knows and her characterizations of students of color at the school were so off base , it is clear to me that while at Groton , she spent little to no time with them . In this area , Lee 's prejudices , and possibly Sittenfeld 's , are on full display . Lee assumes that her Latina friend during her first year is poor and on scholarship ; the exact opposite is true . She assumes that none of the white boys would be interested in dating the minority scholarship girls from New York and is shocked to find , that unlike herself , the rich , popular white boys have relationships with these girls . Unlike Lee 's beliefs and own actions , minority students did n't -LRB- and do n't -RRB- sit around these boarding schools obsessing about their rich , white schoolmates . Possibly , she should have learned from their example .
 Lee , the narrator and protagonist of Prep , is one of the most unlikeable main characters that I 've encountered . Her tedious self-consciousness gets old by the time she 's a sophomore . The endless introspection and judgments of others seem to be way beyond what a teenager would actually think or be able to articulate . The author 's adult perspective is too apparent in many of Lee 's riffs on her classmates , teachers , parents , etc.The story is absorbing enough ; the settings seem authentic . It makes for a decent read , but Lee comes off as a selfish , self-absorbed and ungrateful snob-in-reverse .
 While reading this book I began to wish that I was the kind of person that could stop reading a book without finishing it , but no such luck . When I put this down last night , I felt for the first time in a long time that I had completely wasted my time . I kept waiting for something of substance to occur , for some epiphany to leap out at me to make it all worth my time , and nothing came.This is a typical story about an annoying teenager who feels like she is nobody and who has the usual -LRB- yawn -RRB- high school angst . Nothing new , novel or exciting here . Rather a cliche in my mind . I had hoped that this very unappealing protagonist would realize something , anything , that would make it seem like her experiences in school had meant something , or that I had not wasted my time reading about them , but no such luck . Basically , this awkward and unhappy girl , who is completely bored with everything in life and who has no passion for anything or interest in anything , but who has disdain for everything , floats through 4 years and drags us with her . I ca n't think of any kid who does n't have SOME passion or interest in life ; whether it be reading , video games , shopping , eating , sports , cartoons , TV , ANYTHING !! But this girl has nothing . She 's like a walking zombie . I wanted to shake her and say `` WAKE UP !!! '' At the end of this tedious novel I thought that I might discover that she had actually figured things out at some point . That she had found her `` groove '' or her niche in college , or through a job , or through a friendship or other life experience . Nope . She hated college , did n't really find a relationship -LRB- or at least never alluded to it -RRB- , did n't really have any meaningful or substantial friendships , and by the looks of it , drifted from job to job . She did n't even travel or try to `` find herself '' -LRB- to carry on the bad cliche -RRB- . When I finished reading this , I wanted to slap her , and write a letter to the author -LRB- and the publisher -RRB- asking `` what on earth was this supposed to be about ? '' . The poorly written scene at the end with her standing on the T platform with a hangover and watching people walk by going about their business was a sad attempt at I 'm not sure what . I think the author was trying to accomplish something with this novel , but she just did n't achieve it . Do n't waste your time . Read Catcher in the Rye again and save this for the dog to chew or to start the fire when winter arrives .
 Something about this book was painfully sad . Perhaps it was re-living the years nobody wants to re-live . . an awkward , uncomfortable , insecure , popularity yearning teen leaves her safe home in Indiana to attend a prep school in Massachusetts . . double ugh . She spends her four years lamenting the fact that she does n't fit in with the rich , chosen ones , alientating herself from her schoolmates and her family back home . The fights with her father are excruciating and never addressed after the scene -LRB- s -RRB- took place . . sort of forgotten . It is hard to decipher what time period the story is taking place . If I had to guess I 'd say the 80s , going by the description of her heinous wardrobe and listening to Madonna 's Holiday . Occasionally the main character , Lee , would add commentary from present day signifying that she was writing the story from a late 20s to 30s professional woman 's view point . Lee is tolerable at the beginning of the novel and forgiven for her behavior but as the story progresses she becomes a bit tiresome , obessing over the same problems . . boys , popularity , her looks etc. . It was hard not to look at the author 's picture on the back cover and put her face onto Lee 's character . It seemed conveniently autobiographical . It is an easy , entertaining read but hardly comparable to Salinger .
 This novel -- promoted as a `` coming-of-age '' story of a midwestern girl in an east coast boarding school -- could have been fabulous . It 's obvious that the author can write , and she has some great insights into human nature of the teenage kind . But the overall storyline was disjointed , the main character wishy-washy and unappealing , and the sex gratuitous . Too much started to go on while nothing of any real substance happened . Lots of observations about the school and students , but the main character , Lee , was somehow unable to turn that same insight to herself . I found her unbelievable , and , frankly , unlikeable . A dull read -- like slogging through a slush-filled New England February .
 The book is easy to read and flows well but there is n't a lot of substance to keep you interested . The author covers four years of high school but relates little of what the main character actually does in school or how she changes and evolves . More action and more development of the other characters would help pull the reader in more and make a more interesting book .
 Maybe I was too close to the story and setting of this book -LRB- I too was the outsider middle class girl who attended a rich girl school -RRB- ... but I did not find anything likeable about the protagonist of this story , Lee Fiora , and at the end of the book I felt as if nothing had changed . Is it even possible to leave high school the exact way you enter?As the novel progressed and she moved through her high school years I kept waiting for her to grow up , come into her own , do SOMETHING besides mope through every day as an uninteresting , unenthused brat . I kept trying to relate to her on some level -- to have a reason to like her , have sympathy for her , ANYTHING ! But it just never happened .
 Again , here is a hyped book -LRB- by readers , if not critics -RRB- which was an utter waste of time . One of the worst books I `` ve ever read.That sounds harsher than it should . I tend to read reviews and take recommendations from trusted people before deciding what to read . However , I was asked to review Prep for a newspaper . It was really bad.I probably should just paste my published review , but it just got printed so I should probably wait . I 'll summarizea -RRB- This book should be read as YA literature.b -RRB- It is well-written . No problem with the prose . As YA literature , it is amazingly writtenc -RRB- The book is utterly uninteresting . Nothing much happens at all . Mainly it details what prep school life is like , but we have all read or seen that a bazillion times . Who cares to read it again ? Not me , unless something new an interesting is going in the mix.d -RRB- Lee Fiora is totally boring . She has no hobbies or desires -LRB- other than for the hottest guy in school -RRB- or personality . One quote on the book compares her to Holden Cauffeld . Maybe the most undeserving and absurd literary comparision I 've ever heard.e -RRB- Not only is Fiora uninteresting , but she is a jerk . Who can sympathize with her ? All she does is wallow in self-pity DESPITE the fact that nothing bad happens to her and then she acts like a jerk to her family and anyone not up to her snob standards.g -RRB- The coming of age genre is a bloated genre . There are a lot of great books out there -LRB- Catcher in the Rye , Virgin Suicides , etc -RRB- and a lot of others that at least mix things up -LRB- Harry Potter for example -RRB- . Prep does n't stand out in any way shape for form in this bloated genre .
 But I was n't expecting this . Prep was a little too creepy for me - creepy being the only word I can think of . Lee was so unlikeable I almost wished they 'd kick her out of school so I could stop reading . But I did finish the book , it just was n't something I 'd want to read again .
 Although I generally find this difficult to do , I could not finish this book . Although it reads fairly well , the content is peppered with page after page of Lee being insecure/uncomfortable/self-loathing / etc. . We get the point . Go on . Lacks any real substance other than the internal conversations Lee has with herself , beating herself up , an on.If you are going to read this book , you might think it 's ok for the first 60-70 pages then it dawns on you that it does n't get better . There 's no evolution . I made it to about page 160 , spending around 100 pages oscillating between `` sticking it out '' or `` waste no more time '' . Eventually , I could n't take it anymore .
 Well , I guess it 's not enough that all of the young lions and lionesses out there have an exclusive -LRB- Yale , Princeton , Harvard , Bennington , Stanford , etc. , etc. -RRB- pedigree that places them in a different social league than 89 % of their fellow Americans ; now these folks are going to start writing about these delimiting experiences as well . Wow , I guess it 's a nice break from the novelized versions of `` Friends '' that keep popping up in front of me like bright pink bubble-gum bubbles whenever I open a magazine . And I guess since the average consumer deigns to sit through a book review only if it has -LRB- a -RRB- 150 words or less and -LRB- b -RRB- a letter grade at the end to abbreviate the conclusion reached in those tedious 150 words , we might as well have a book that 's all about grades .
 I did not care for this book and the only reason I kept reading was to see if it would get interesting ; it never got interesting . I kept skipping paragraphs just to get to more interesting parts . I went to school in a small town in Mass , although it was n't a prep school , it was as close to one as any public school can get . I was the type of person to do what I wanted just because no one else did ; I did n't care what ` they ' thought of me . I started hating Lee very early in this book because she was such a fake , phoney person . I kept thinking that Lee needed to stand up and be herself . There was no depth to any of the characters .
 The protagonist in this novel is so unreal and unrelatable that it 's difficult to read . Besides the fact that this book is extremely slow moving , it 's almost as if the author made a caricature of a character and we 're supposed to buy it . She 's completely unsympathetic and it 's almost embarrassing reading about her naivete . It 's just too difficult for me to buy that she could be as dumb as she is sometimes and then so insightful at others . She 's not likeable and it 's not any surprise that she has no friends -LRB- because , basically , she has no personality -RRB- and it 's totally confusing when she catches the eye of the most popular boy -LRB- even just for sex -RRB- because it does n't ring true at all . There are just so many things about being young that it seems the author has gotten wrong . To me , Fiora is the opposite of preppy , it 's something she does n't even know how to be.There were a lot of times when I almost gave up finishing this book , out of boredom and annoyance and I do n't think that , by completing it , I have gained anything . Which proves , yet again that , just because a book is a `` bestseller '' and loved by the masses , does not mean it 's quality .
 I first picked up this book because of all the rave reviews and the enticing cover , but I was sorely disappointed when I discovered that the novel was nothing more than the annoying whining of a self-absorbed , low self-esteemed loser.The protagonist 's lack of both personality and confidence is so disturbing and frustrating , that I could not even finish the second half of the book . Please know that I never stop reading a book smack in the middle.Not only is the main character unengaging , but the other characters simply fly in and out of her life . I do n't believe I could identify any form of character or plot development . I personally do n't believe it was well-written either.I did n't go to prep school , but I really do n't think that has much to do with anything . I am not a wizard that plays Quidditch , and I still loved Harry Potter .
 She is over analyzing everything she sees thinks or does , And too much detail makes the story boring . It needs to keep my attention but it does n't . . It 's like reading a teen 's diary .
 I will concede that this book was well written - but that is it . I found this character to be so incredibly frustrating and pathetic . Maybe it was because I could not relate to what she was going through - but is it really true that all those who feel like outsiders are so completely passive about improving their experiences ? Lee was SO ANNOYING ! I also thought that the book REALLY rambled at times and I found these parts to be rather boring .
 The only reason I 'm giving this two stars rather than one is because I really enjoyed the first `` year . '' Which made the rest of the book even more of a catastrophic letdown than it otherwise might have been.So , let 's see
 I hope Curtis Sittenfeld never writes another long weak awful book like this one was . While it captures some of the flavor of attending a prep school , it also meanders on for nearly 400 pages never making a point and never cheering up - whole book needs a good drug and was a waste of time to read.Her point - the breakthrough message of the novel - appears in the last 20 or so pages of the book
 This book had the potential to be so so so much more than it was . An Indiana teen-age girl on scholarship at an elite New England prep school . It received wonderful reviews and the write ups I read in magazines had me wanting to read it . And after I finished it , all I could ask was , `` What book were they all reading ? `` This main character is boring , mindless , and self-involved . She 's a brat , to put it mildly . And none of the other characters were developed enough throughout the course of the book to make me give it a better rating . This story line could have been so much better , but because Lee herself is nothing , so was the book .
 After 494 reviews , I 'm afraid I ca n't say much else.This was compared to `` Catcher In The Rye '' . Yikes ! No way.Basically , the `` novel '' takes us into the world of a girl named Lee , who earns a scholarship to a prestigious boarding school in Massachusetts . She meets many different kids her age and takes her passive self through stealing , having a seizure while getting her ears pierced at the local mall , dealing with parents who make almost seven digits a year , and even random oral and vaginal sex with a crush figure.The author claimed she knew what was going on , because she herself attended boarding school and she worked there . Seriously , I caught an interview where she claimed , `` I could just go downstairs and see what they were having for dinner . It was really easy for me . '' Well , I do n't know what she was thinking with this as a debut , because it 's really hard to read . I read it the summer I was thirteen , and even I knew it was a terrible waste . The story does n't follow . It 's very hard to read , understand , and even sympathize with the character.The platform scene at the end of the book did n't make sense to me , either . Yes , it 's been four long years since you last saw the world , but is that really so accurate ? Actually , to me , it 's more like , `` Thank God , I finally made it out of high school ! '' She went to the mall and restaurants , however protected by classmates and friends , during her Ault career . Why should standing on a train platform thinking she missed out on four years of life be any different -LRB- even if she just graduated the night before -RRB- ? Lastly , how could anyone with a hangover even have such a comprehension -LRB- even if it 's an inaccurate one -RRB- ? Wow , I just ... WOW .
 I am on chapter two and I have closed the book found my receipt and looked up the return policy ... What a surprise the Black girl is the THIEF !!!! Not only does she live in a single she is on scholarship because we all know that there are not any black people that can afford prep school !!! And she steals !!! I an SO getting my money back !!!! The book is poorly written and excuse me for saying so but I think the main character was such a weirdo and she deserved all the sucky treatment that she recieved so take that back to South Bend Indiana and contemplate on that !!!! And I will be on my way to the book store ... Oh are you surprised that amongst the praise for this shoddy piece of `` work '' that there are so few real reviews ? Do n't be fooled ...
 I read some reviews on amazon , and yes , I thought this book would be good , but in the end I saw this book as being about a judgemental , shy girl , with absolutley no self confidence or self respect . I expected in a way I might be able to relate to this girls situation . I am an outsider at a jewish prep day school , and in no way am I able to identify myself into the groups of society . I did n't enjoy reading about this girls angst , when she was the one who needed to step up herself .
 ok so ... when i first started reading this book , i couldnt put it down . but i soon tired of lee and all her insecurities . also , the last chapter was rather explicit and i felt totally unprepared for it . there was no indication anywhere that that was coming up , and i found all the details rather disturbing . the author could have simply said `` we fooled around '' or `` we slept together '' but she went into great detail describing sex acts . it wasnt a very good book overall and i think i should have chosen something else .
 My partner and I bought 100 copies of this book to give to referring dentists . I never got a single thank you .
 You can get all of this information elsewhere for less money and better said ! I completely agree with the first review by D.W.
 A lot has transpired since Richard Rovere died in 1979 that makes his book outdated and irrelevant
 Richard Rovere should consider himself a comedian . The book has so many flaws about Senator McCarthy that I ca n't believe Mr. Rovere can be classified as a legitimate historian.Declassified Soviet documents are proving that Senator Joe McCarthy was right . Biased historians like Rovere should be academically scorned for thier years of lies and distortions .
 ... had I not , I probably would n't have continued with this series . Dead Cat Bounce just seemed to meander . The characters were flat and the plot was pretty dull . Sarah Graves definitely picks it up in her next book .
 An interview with author Sarah Graves on National Public Radio prompted me to read this book . I am a murder mystery fan , and I love Maine and old houses so I figured this book could n't miss for some light summer reading . I was wrong . The plot is improbable and the pace is slow ; the books lumbers along . Characters are undeveloped , and , as another reviewer said , not particularly likeable -- even the main character . Other books in the series may be better , but I am not likely to pick up another of them after reading this one .
 When I first saw this video on youtube -LSB- ... -RSB- I thought that learning about Vedic mathematics would promote a further interest in geometry . This book is way too simple for anyone who has studied university enterance mathematics and even for people not literate in algebra there are much better books under speed mathematics such as the Trachtenberg system however this book is much more expensive and is aimed at university students .
 Why does n't the author use proper English ? Do n't even waste your time on this one . It is not really the complete Vedic system . His ordering is also confusing . He does not cover Vedic geometry , Vedic calculus , Vedic trigonometry , and Vedic algebra . So , why would any of us out of elementary school be interested in reading his pitiful book ? Well , that answer my friend is blowing in the wind .
 This volume on the Presidency of Bill Clinton does not always adhere to the high standards set by Facts on File . This work is definitely a hagiography , but this is not the problem . Presidents deserve respect , if at times only by virtue of their office . The fact is that Mr. Clinton was a very controversial president , who did some very controversial things . Ms Warshaw fails to explain in a satisfactory manner why many Americans opposed his presidency . The entry on Ruth Bader Ginsburg is a prime example . For better or for worse , Justice Ginsburg is one of the most liberal members ever to grace the Supreme Court . Yet the author never once uses the word liberal , instead employing the term conservative in impressively creative ways to characterize her politics . The same applies to Jesse Helms . The reader is left with the impression that this is a man nobody could possibly vote for , yet he is still revered by many . Only the most politically astute readers will recognize the author 's sleight-of-hand tactics . The author 's agenda will be lost on this work 's intended audience
 This book really missed the mark as a study guide . A good percentage of the information is inaccurate and conflicting . I found it next to impossible to navigate test questions for material not even covered . Once I encountered errors that just made it worse . I found myself double checking with the Microsoft 's Books Online to resolve these issues . By the time I printed Books Online topics as a backup , I might as well have not had the book at all !
 Like Williams ' Theodosian work , this book is an easy read that more or less sums up what previous scholarship without new analysis . It 's a good introduction to the period but not on par with biographies of other emperors such as Constantine and Julian .
 i 've read dozens of outlines in this biblical vien . read , ` what the bible is all about for young explorers ' by henrietta mears . so far it 's the best outline i 've found . beth
 I think this book is just way too overrated . I went to the bookstore and checked this book out . Now , I am a novice when it comes to homebrewing , that 's why I thought this book would be perfect for me . But after reading thru it I noticed that 80 % of this book is written for the Intermediate to Advanced brewer . For somone like myself this book really is pretty useless . Yes it gives a listing of what to buy to start brewing but after a few pages of directions and some pictures -LRB- adults who are drinking while they are brewing -RRB- it ends . No substance at all . No follow-up . nothing . From here it goes directly onto an Intermediate section then to the Advanced sections . What a waste . Now I am sure Chuck Papazian is a nice guy and knows alot about the topic , it just that he does n't concentrate enough on the Novice brewer . I NEVER brewed beer in my life . SO what do I need to do . Where do I buy this stuff ? Ingredients ? Supplies ? A short list of supplies is given but how about better pictures ? The repros of the supplies are horrible . No detail at all . Now this is n't Chuck 's fault , it is the publisher . So in trying to keep the book under $ 15 they delte vital photos and the reader suffers for it . Definitely an overrated book . The book that I think is MUCH , MUCH better for the novice is `` Homebrewing for Dummies '' . Now this book actually gives more detailed information on the nuances of homebrewing . I would rather spend a few more bucks on this book than `` The Complete Joy ... '' book .
 The New Complete Joys of Home Brewing is a celebrated book among homebrewers , and along with Miller 's book of similar title are the two volumes you really need to begin to brew.That being said , The New Complete Joys of Home Brewing has be reprinted and updated many times . The one I received was published Second Edition 1991 by Avon Books and the cover is exactly as pictured on this page and was ordered from this page . While it will help you get your sea legs , much of the equipment has been updated since that time and many methods have been simplified and improved upon.While I would n't do without this book , you need The Complete Handbook of Home Brewing by Miller , David G also . Both have some different takes and points to make and Miller is more up to date .
 Booked was advertised as being in excellent quality . If excellent quality mean you can still read it then it was okay . But to me excellent quality means not tattered and worn , which is how this book came . Disappointed with advertised quality .
 This was an OK book . I know some love Papazian but it 's a little dated and written in a somewhat monotonous style . Some of the techniques are less than desirable , -LRB- i.e. pouring hot wort through a plastic filter into cold water sitting in a carboy . Also , I could have done without the projected need to calm new brewers by saying `` relax , have a home-brew ! ' on ever single page . It is demeaning to those of us who are professionals in other fields . I would recommend just about anything written by Dave Miller , specifically his `` Homebrewing Guide '' . Skip Papazian , there are far better books out there these days . BTW , the my first brew was an all grain oat stout that turned out quite well . Skipping the shortcut methods using DME and extract syrups was my first best decision in brewing . Running an all grain mash adds very little time , is very easy in my opinion and creates a much richer , delicious beer .
 This is a decent read ; the other reviews are pretty much on the mark . There were , however , at least three serious drawbacks . First , I was continually irritated by Rankin 's lack of attention to accurate detail . For instance , as a former Army officer , I was intrigued by the wide-ranging array of information on all sorts of firearms in the opening pages . But later -LRB- p. 153 in the Little Brown mass market paperback edition of 2007 -RRB- , one of the dope dealers is described as carrying a .457 caliber pistol
 I am so glad this was n't the first Ian Rankin book I read . Otherwise , it would have been the last , and I never would have discovered his terrific Inspector Rebus stories . Rankin has the advantage on me with his Rebus novels because I do n't know anything about Scotland , so whatever he says about that , I can believe . But , while reading Bleeding Hearts -LRB- which I chose not to finish -RRB- , I kept thinking to myself , ` this guy does n't know what he 's talking about . ' The American private eye somehow manages to get himself on British TV as a famous American private eye . Does that ever happen ? Know any famous private eyes ? And he says things to people like , ` I 'm an American , and where I come from , we show hospitality to strangers . ' Really ? And he 's from New York ! I do admire Rankin 's efforts to get America and Americans right , and appreciate how difficult that might be for someone from Scotland , but he fails time and again , leading me to finally put the book aside . It is a failed effort . That said , the Rebus mysteries are great .
 This book is so bad in so many ways , starting with the concept of hit man as sympathetic protagonist and finishing with the pathetic ending that is supposed to show redemption . Along the way the plot goes downhill after a semi-gripping opening assassination , the action becomes ridiculous , and the relationship between Bel and the hit man that starts out creepy becomes predictable and annoying . Rankin 's writing equals the triteness of his story.Rankin 's Rebus series is mostly excellent , but this book is garbage compared to those novels . Did Rankin feel like he wanted to try writing something different , something edgy ? Whatever the reason , this books is a failure . I only finished reading it so I can reach 100 books read this year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- as December ends .
 I agree with an earlier reviewer , that none of these characters are very likable . This was my first experience with Ian Rankin , after being told many times that I would love his writing -LSB- guess I should have started with a John Rebus story -RSB- . I never got into any of the characters , did not believe them or their motivations , and really struggled to care what happened to them . Really , the most interesting character is the woman who gets killed in the opening chapter . Finally , just gave up after about 150 pages , flipped to the back and read the last few chapters and the `` twist '' was what I expected . Blah .
 A princess disappeared and the Trenchcoat Twins were asked to find her . Can they find her ? Read this book to find out .
 I thought thst the characters in this book were fake and unreal . The twins , for example . They never fought with eachother and always got along . Another bad thing was that the plot stunk and the case was easy to solve . I did give this book 2 stars , though , because the ticket lady seemed real and it had good descriptions.P.S . Mary-Kate and Ashely do not have strawberry-blond hair !
 As a clinical social worker with institute training and who suprvises extensively beginning therapits , this book was a major disappointment . Its organization is somewhat disjointed and a major failure is that it does not address non-compliant clients , silences etc. .
 Do not buy this book . Go toia600303.us.archive.org / 33/items/languagethoughtr00whor / languagethoughtr00whor.pdfand download it free . This is exactly the same publication except for the cover and two front pages , which are the only parts of the book for which Forgotten Books hold a legitimate copyright.Apparently , Forgotten Books downloaded a title freely available , adds their own copyrighted cover and introductory pages , now sells it to the public . They provide Amazon.com with a digital file . When you order , Amazon Fulfillment Services prints , binds and ships the publication . This is analogous to going to the IRS website , downloading Publication 1040 , adding a copyrighted cover page , then selling it to the public.I ordered on 24 January 2013 . A notice on the last page of the book says , `` Made in USA Lexington , KY 27 January 2013 . '' Where is Amazon Fulfillment Services ? -LRB- Drum roll , please . -RRB- Lexington , KY!The quality of the printing is quite poor . The type is low contrast and unclear . Page 126 is , I estimate , 95 percent illegible.Download this book from the above URL . If you want a hard copy , take the digital file to your local print shop or to Kinko 's . You might pay a little more , but you will get a much better quality book .
 The description for this book is quite vague so allow me to clear things up before you waste your money . First there is a series of short but windy chapters dealing with various aspects of design philosophy . Forty pages worth , to be exact . The rest of the book is a series of colour plates - `` Studies in Design '' - that are thoroughly hideous , intended to be used as patterns for wall paper , friezes , borders , ceiling paintings , dado-rails , etc. . The author describes them as `` grotesque '' on several occasions and he 's right , but not the way he intended . If you 've ever looked through a book of wallpaper samples , you 've got the idea . You can see one piece of a pattern , but never an application in the whole cloth.Almost nobody needs this book . Unless you 're researching Arts & Crafts or Art Deco interior designs , or making reproduction wallpaper for the period , it is useless . Avoid .
 I bought all four of the books in this series . I found that the contacts are all mixed up ? For instance , in the `` Press '' section , there are Production Companies , Entertainment Companies , Studios etc. listed . I was hoping for the money I paid that it would be a bit more organized . Also , a lot of the data is out of date .
 Several years ago , after reading the first two books in this series , I swore I 'd never read this author again . However , several reviews that said her later works improved made me give it another try with this book . I 'm glad I did n't invest any further time or money with her.This book is pure garbage . A man is killed and no one seems to care very much . The houseguests sit around the living room making plans to go out on the town . The victim 's brother decides to join them with no thought for his three small children -LRB- the victim 's step-children -RRB- until his neighbor , a woman he 's met about five minutes earlier , offers to take care of them . He and his wife then go about their business without a second thought , only remembering to check on the kids when Susan shows up to stick her nose into more business that is n't hers ... even when their oldest child goes missing.The local `` police person '' treats Susan like her deputy , sharing case information and basically allowing her to run the investigation ... even going so far as to tell others beforehand that they should answer any questions Susan asks them , whatever they may be.The ending was so confusing that after reading it twice , I still have no idea where half of this stuff came from . And that 's one of the biggest problems I had with this author the first time around -- she keeps `` secrets , '' only throwing out information when she 's trying to wrap things up . Susan finds something on the floor that turns out to be a clue ... but we do n't find out until after the mystery is solved what this item was . She goes to talk to people who 're only identified as `` the woman Susan went to talk to . '' People who 've never met her before confide things to her like she 's their best friend . It 's totally unbelievable.Add all this to the fact that Susan is a totally unlikeable character , and there 's nothing redeeming about this book , or this series , at all .
 Bookflap Description - Susan Henshaw and her family have been coming to their summerhouse in Maine for years , but when neighbor Humphrey Taylor is found bludgeoned to death in her living room , Susan 's relaxing holiday goes out with the tide ... Somebody in the small town committed murder-and in between making potatoe salad , watching the July 4th parade , and dodging firecrackers , Susan means to find out who.Susan and her friend , Kathleen , arrive at her summer home in Maine before the rest of the family comes up . Upon reaching her house , she finds some odd things . The gate at her driveway is locked , the shutters are only half taken down , the house is n't prepared , and the boathouse is still completely shut even though she hired a new caretaker who was to be sure that the house was ready for Susan . Since they arrived late Susan and Kathleen decide to just go to bed , but morning will begin their July 4th troubles.They wake up to find a dead body in one of the living room chairs that is still covered . The victim is Humphrey Taylor , the new husband of Susan 's neighbor Tricia Taylor . From then on Susan is on the case trying to figure out who the murderer is who left a body in her home.I found the whole plot from there very odd . Kathleen and Susan are helping the police chief solve the mystery and do most of the work while Janet , the chief , does little to nothing . Susan and Kathleen tell Tricia that her husband is dead . Should n't the police do that ? Then Tricia 's 3 daughters are sent to Susan 's house to be taken care of when Susan is a complete stranger to the Taylors . The oldest of the 3 daughters , Titania , then leaves a not saying she is hiding and for Susan to watch her dog . The police start a search party but her parents are n't even mentioned in this part of the plot . Would n't parents want to be involved if their child had gone missing ?? The plot is absurd and it was hard to maintain my suspension of disbelief for long . As I read , I just kept asking myself WTH is going on ? Where are the parents and police ? Why is no one but Susan and Kathleen doing anything ? It was all very frustrating ! I will admit that I have never read this author before and maybe the plot would make more sense if I had read books earlier in the series but going on just what I read , this was not such a good plot.The writing syle itself was very confusing . It seemed to jump around a bit and there were a lot of non-sequitors . I found myself having to re-read several paragraphs because I did n't understand what was going on or what was said . This is never a problem for me when I am reading a cozy mystery . I am surprised that the style was so sloppy when the series seems to be so popular . However , I have never read the series and maybe I would feel differently if I read it from the beginning of the series.The characters themselves were good . The main character was developed well enough for a first time reader to understand what kind of person Susan is and the rest of the characters were new and nicely developed . A few of the side characters added some humor and a little bit of depth to the story but most of them were really not needed.The conclusion was completely confusing . How Susan came to all of her conclusions was absolutely unknown to me . There were very few clues left for the reader to figure it out . The solution to the crime was very complex . I read the ending twice to make sure that I understood . Basically , for a cozy mystery , this took way to much work for me to read . When I read a cozy , I think of a nice , quick , easy , funny read . This just had too much . It seemed that the author tried too hard or did n't really have her story straight in her head and just wrote randomly . I would n't recommend this book to anyone really and I only read it because it matched a challenge for a book club . I do n't think I will continue with this series . 2 stars .
 I love Real-time strategy . I read mixed reviews on this game and thought it sounded interesting and worth spending a few hours on.There are some wonderful elments , including :1 . I love the inter-connectivity of the buildings in the city . I love the dependence of one good to produce another , then another , and so forth . -LRB- Example
 It is much too abstract for a children 's book . My 7-yr old was very disappointed and frustrated , despite my explanations of what the book was trying to describe . Thankfully , we only checked the book out from the library . If you 're thinking of buying it , click the `` peek inside '' feature on Amazon to read a passage and make sure you will like it .
 This one is far from Keeler 's best , but also fairly far from his worst . He did not expect it could ever be published in English , as a 1960 letter -LRB- reproduced -RRB- indicates ... it was assembled entirely for a Spanish-market edition.There is no murder mystery to be solved , and almost no suspense . The only `` mystery '' that Keeler continually brings up is the method devised by the wicked circus magician , DiValo , to prevent circus owner MacWhorter from sending back husky employees to find and rescue driver Rance Holly if he and his new circus wagon do not turn up before a certain moment ... a method not revealed until about 115 pages in . Otherwise there is little or no suspense , and no action or event to keep the reader reading . Suspense does build up when a collection of local vultures shows up with evil intent , set on by rival circus owner Wolf Gladish , who hopes to use a preposterous legal/financial snaffle MacWhorter has gotten himself into in order to seize the circus.Needless to say , our hero Rance eludes the trap set up by DiValo , and makes a spectacular arrival with the funds needed to save the circus ' bacon once again ... this situation is the standard overarching plot device in the circus series.Dropped dead into the midst of the novel is an awful short story , `` Spangles , '' by Keeler 's wife Hazel . It can be skipped since it is totally disconnected in all ways from the novel that surrounds it.At about 163 pages this is a fairly slender and insubstantial Keeler work , but it does show a bit of the hard-core craziness that is Harry 's trademark .
 Although this book is about a 10 year old Samoan girl the subjects the author explores are adult . The book is dark and deals with sexual issues and family violence . I 'm not saying the book is without merit . It would surely have a place when studying modern polynesian cultures as an adult , but I think buyers should know that it is inappropriate for children .
 Ridiculous argument supported by irrelevant evidence . It is the most unintelligent and uncivilized reading I have read ...
 It would have been great if the photos were in color , this is something that makes looking and finding the buttons so much easier . Having color photos adds a lot .
 Very unhappy with this book . Black and white pictues of buttons are not very useful in identification . It has a lot of information and very small print . Seriously considering returning it .
 Pro
 This book was horrible . I bought it for the practice tests , and not only did they repeat the same questions in the same tests on occasion , there were many cases where words were mispelled , or key parts of the problems -LRB- such as graphs -RRB- were left out completely . This book was of shoddy construction and should be avoided as a tool to study for the economics exams .
 This book has good graphs and short descriptions , especially if you 're looking for the quick definition of an economics term , but overall , it is too general and not helpful enough when you are studying for the AP Economics exam . I used it to review , but the book did not go into enough detail to really be of use to me . Also , there were many instances where the notes in the CliffsAP book contradicted with what I had learned in my economics course and in various impressive , reliable textbooks.I do not recommend using this book . It was quite a waste . I have heard that `` 5 Steps to a 5 on the AP exam '' is better .
 I guess I should n't be complaining because I was attempting to pass the macroeconomics CLEP exam with the AP cliff notes book . The reason I was doing this is because I could not find a study guide for it . So if you are looking for a CLEP study guide do n't get this book , I did pass with a 54 and I needed a 50 , but it was pure luck .
 I bought this book as a sophomore in college to review the material I had learned in high school -LRB- got a 5 -RRB- . This book is poorly worded , ambiguous and repetitive in its definitions , and sometimes downright incorrect . Made an OK review , but stay away from it if you 're learning econ for the first time .
 Despite the bad review , I went ahead & bought this item - wondering if ppl who bought the same item were wrong ... however , I have received the book in a good condition , but no tapes , no CC no audio ... The first part of the book about Listening exams & practice ... & I 'm wondering how will I practice ??? Do I recommend this book for others ?? Maybe if they want to practice the Reading & writing parts ... but definitely not for listening ...
 A review of A NEED TO KILL -LRB- ANTK -RRB- by Mark Pettit : In 1983 in a period of three months in Bellevue , NE , a mentally ill 20 year old serviceman named John Joubert abducted and killed two boys , Danny Joe Eberle , age 13 , and Chris Walden , age 12 . As a child Joubert was small and weak and an outcast . He was confused about his sexuality and may never have had sexual relations with anyone . His killing of these boys , as well as of another boy in Maine , was obviously the result of his repressed homosexuality , though it is not clear that Joubert was fully aware of it.What IS clear is that anyone who is even remotely interested in a compelling and well written book will stay far far away from ANTK.The book states that Mark Petit , a TV newsman , spent 3 years investigating Joubert 's crimes and that the investigation included 6 interviews with Joubert . Well , I 'm here to tell you that , from a literary point of view , those were 3 years wasted . ANTK is mercifully less than 200 pages long , but only 40 or so of those pages actually have anything to do with Joubert , and only about 25 of those deal with what might have been actually interesting information about how Joubert became what he was.What the reader DOES get in the book is :1 . Physical and social descriptions of every agent involved in the searches for the boys ; 2 . Continual reminders that winters in Nebraska are cold . Everyone in this book is continually shivering - what with their poplin lined hoodies -LRB- or whatever -RRB- insufficient against the brutal temperatures . I kept wondering why , since they all lived there , they were apparently incapable of buying appropriate clothing ; 3 . Every emotion felt by anyone in town from the boys ' families to the cops to total strangers . I in no way wish to disparage the feelings of the boys ' families who did indeed suffer the ultimate tragedy , but since their feelings are obvious , it is really not necessary to write about them repetitively and interminably . And the cops , of course , thought to a man that this could have been one of their own kids . This is also an obvious thought , so I see no reason for Pettit to have noted it individually for each lawman other than to increase his word count ; and4 . Remarkably unintelligent writing.I believe that the best true crime is written reportorially - Jack Olsen and Lowell Cauffiel are two examples . They are solid investigators and intelligent professional writers whose application of those skills produce fascinating and highly readable books for literate adults . Pettit possesses none of the above qualities . ANTK reads , rather than as an in depth true crime account , like a bad novel , one written for the lowest common denominator of readers . As I noted Pettit is a TV newsman , and what he 's done here is basically produce a puff piece feature from what could be an interesting actual news series.Pettit uses people 's thoughts and conversation , much of which is ludicrous and none of which he has any actual way of knowing occurred , to move the narrative . As an example , `` Soon after the Eberles returned home , the phone rang . Judy snatched up the receiver . ` Hello ! ' '' This is how I personally would have expected her to answer the phone . I found this kind of writing juvenile and irritating . It is a constant throughout the book . `` Shortly after returning home Judy began to receive calls from Danny 's customers , '' would seem to have taken care of two-thirds of page 23 . And , `` I may be an expert in predicting criminal behavior , Ressler thought wryly , but I 'd do well to stay out of weather forecasting . '' Did Ressler actually think that ? And if so , did he do so wryly ? It just seems unlikely.We also have just plain strange writing : FBI agent John Evans calls to ask his boss , Herb Hawkins , if it 's okay to stay on the case : `` What do you want to do , John , '' Hawkins asked . `` You tell me . '' `` We have no choice , Herb . We 've got to stay with it . `` Hawkins did not question Evans 's judgement , and his next words were not spoken in anger
 I have to admit , I do not like Mark Twain . I wanted to really get through this book , and I just could n't . Not my writing style . I did not like anything about this . Disappointed . On to the next author .
 I 'm sure regular readers of Mark Twain would also like this story , the wierd spelling of words and the story just bored me .
 The author , an anthropology professor at the University of Iowa , did not speak or understand the language of the people she writes about . Although Wolf makes a fanciful case that Taiwanese women 's identities are obliterated by not using their names , she herself appropriated the work of the Taiwanese woman who did the research on a woman who was judged to be crazy rather than possessed by any deity and obliterated the name of the researcher.Wolf 's ignorance extends beyond ignorance of the language her subjects spoke -LRB- Holo/Hokkien -RRB- to ignorance about basic anthropological conceptions -LRB- terms of address in contrast to terms used in reference to a person , spirit mediums in contrast to shamans -RRB- . There are no shamans in Taiwan . There are spirit mediums . Previous literature documented that some Taiwanese spirit mediums were female.Wolf did not gather any data on Taiwanese criteria for recognizing true spirit possession , but even her inadequate 30-year-old fieldnotes provide ample material contradicting the `` conclusions '' -LRB- actually , a priori beliefs about female victimization -RRB- she presented.Instead of criticizing postmodernists , a better tactic , given her failures of scholarship and ethnography , would be to embrace it and abandon empirical claims altogether .
 Rarely have I been so disapointed with a book . In fact this is n`t a book , its a sparse collection of data loosely assembled with some poor quality pictures masquerading as a book . I ` ve no idea who the author Colin Pitt LLB with Honours is , but he should be ashamed at his efforts , he obviously knows nothing about the subject matter , does n`t bother to research anything and has no idea how to present photographs . W124 enthusiats will find nothing of value whatsoever in this publication.I ` ve been collecting motoring books for many years and have never seen anything so badly written and poorly presented . Vanity publishing at its very worst !
 This book offers `` surefire '' steps to get rich . It is no different than the other books out there , such as `` Millionaire Next Door '' or `` Rich Dad , Poor Dad . '' In all of these books , the advice is similar
 I have been closely studying Michael Masterson 's work for approximately five years . I highly value his approach and agree that many methods do work . Upon learning that Mr. Masterson is writing a book , I was very eager to read it . The Automatic Wealth starts great . The first half of the book is full of valuable insights . It gives many examples from the everyday life and first of all many examples how actual people , including the Author enjoyed results of the Automatic Wealth . The tension is high until Mr. Masterson starts to go into details . The high energy that emanated from the first pages , suddenly is gone . It felt like air getting out of a tyre . The energy in the book got so low that I had to force myself to read to the end . I am not sure if it was a change of focus on Mr. Masterson 's side , or was it because the examples and advice are exclusively for an American reader . Or maybe it is because I was reading the Automatic Wealth after finishing Jack Canfield 's `` The Success Principles '' and Harv Eker 's `` Secrets of the Millionaire Mind '' . Both books are written by people who similarily `` walk the talk '' . Their great value is that the message is valid for any reader , no matter where she/he may live . Mr. Masterson 's advice even though valuable as an idea , is very geographically limited.It does n't change the fact that I will be continuously studying Mr. Masterson 's ideas , but as far as the Automatic Wealth is concerned I am sincerely disappointed .
 I learned one thing from this book . That is that I have wasted the last 25 years of my life in a technical career . Why ? Because it is not and never was a financially valued position . It was not a marketing or sales position . Now he tells me ?! The other thing I learned was that if you did not start to save large amounts of money in your twenties or invested heavily in real estate you 've got problems ahead . For a copywriter and businessman . Michael is very focused on buying , fixing , and selling property . I expected more . I expected more and better `` how tos '' . Sure , I could invest in and take Michael copywriter home study course . I could then become a famous , rich , much in demand copywriter doing freelance work for his company -LRB- I guess that is now beneath him -RRB- or some other publsihing company . Not my cup of tea , as it were . Lots of fantasy but not much reality . The book is very well written.If you want to learn how to get rich in real estate there are better books . I just hope you have enough wealth already so you can afford the down-payment .
 This book is full of nonsense and open doors that get kicked in . Robert is not telling anything new . All he is telling is some common sense knowlegde your 5 year old kid can come up with . And then he repeats that knowledge a couple of times in different wordings . I regret buying this book and waisting my time . If only I had read the negative comments :--LRB- I actually do n't believe Robert and his friends . If they made themselves rich it 's probably by selling books like this one and recommending eachother on the covers of those books .
 Buy this book if you want to listen to this guy beating his chest about how he got wealthy by being a marketing guru and squirelling his income away like Ebenezer Scrooge . He boasts about how he still works part time for fun to generate money he does n't need . But apparently he does n't think about donating this money he does n't need to charity let alone giving his precious time to charity.The really funny thing is , at the end of the book , he tells the reader not to buy brands and designer clothes but buy things only of real value . I agree with him . But he has just rubbished the entire marketing industry that he lauds in the first part of the book as a great place to make a highly paid career . It apparently does not occur to him that there is a big contradiction between the sales and marketing people who get paid megabucks for pumping products up beyond their real value and the truly skilled workers who create `` real value '' and get paid jack all . What a total cynic and hypocrite !
 what this is about ? . these books are coming with creative names to get your $ $ 's so that they can make $ $ $ $ $ 's . I did not find anything new and special in this book and all is said by many people in the past.If you have read many books on ` Million ' and know how to write , you can make a millions by writing books like this .
 This book does a great job of going over the basics -- but so do most other books on the subject matter . Nothing new here.Beginners will love this book . More hype and nothing new for the rest of us .
 After reading this book I can only say that the author is selling something unreal , the figues he uses in the book are totally unrealistic . talking about 10 and 12 to 15 percent returns on investment , like they are the readers just for the taking . his advice reminds me of the old Steve Martin shtick on how to become a millionaire , Steve says '' O.k. first you get a million dollars then ... `` This is basically what the author is saying , This book has no real pracital advice , It is just another author getting rich telling everyone else how to.Very disappointing , I would not waste my money if i were you .
 I am searching for idea 's a new direction . This book is another income vehicle for Masterson . Some of his idea 's are good but he is saying the same thing everyone else is . I think he started off with a good outline and then just filled in the spaces , the ETR information he sends out is similar . I could n't wait to read it , then I had to force myself to finish it.I am sorry I paid for the book , go to the library and invest the money you save .
 After noticing the online controversy about this author -LRB- on Google there are extensive threads with dismissive criticism and hints about a possible scam -RRB- , I gave this book the benefit of the doubt , trying to see it in the context of 2005 , when it was written . While I am impressed by the author 's predictions -LRB- now a fact -RRB- of the crash in real estate values and the stock market , I am somewhat underwhelmed by the largely banal , marginally helpful `` advice '' , derived mostly from common sense and well-known postulates , such as - try to rise early , eat a balanced diet , become financially independent , plan to become wealthy , write down your goals , start saving today , spend moderately etc. . Mostly it all leads to the author 's suggestion/recommendation steering you to learn financial skills not so much from reading certain books , but instead by enrolling in the seminars of the Agora Learning Institute , which the author seems to be affiliated with . For the first 68 pages -LRB- out of 271 -RRB- of this book , the author numerous times urges the reader to `` turn the page '' in order to see the -LRB- presumably eye-opening -RRB- advice which is coming to you -LRB- tension builds , the reader gets conditioned to believe that some shattering revelations will unfold ... and so on -RRB- . Whether the author 's suggestions of ways to accumulate wealth -LRB- flipping houses ?? -RRB- are all feasible , whether the author 's claims -LRB- to have amassed many millions and have owned dozens of businesses -RRB- are all true , is beyond the point , but , in my opinion , this book does n't offer a wealth of practical advice , beyond lots of hearsay , some cautionary trivia about how Mike Tyson foolishly spent his entire fortune , and the -LRB- actually pretty wise -RRB- advice to buy the best mattress one can possibly afford , thus saving your back from years of discomfort . I would n't recommend this book .
 The author suggests such foolishness as ` flipping houses ' and volunteering free overtime to get ` in ' with your employer . The author is the only one getting rich from this mess .
 it was n't what i expected and did n't interest me like the other books i have purchased in the past couple weeks .
 This was n't what I expected at all after I got it on my Kindle . I deleted shortly after downloading . Next time I guess I 'll look at the sample before downloading .
 I thought it would be like life lesson quotes but even though it 's in english , one still needs an interpreter .
 I guess the best part of getting this was that it was totally free.No wonder why it 's free , though ...
 tried this out as my first kindle free book . It is a pretty tough read . Maybe something is lost in translation but seems to jump around .
 If you have never read any of Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez 's books , do not start with this one . Her first two books are good reads , with characters that you feel for and like . There is n't one character in this book that I liked . The lead is a superficial , whiny brat with a crush .
 I wo n't say the book was horrible , because it was n't ; nor will I say it was boring , because on the contrary , it kept me interested , but I will say that it had many faults . For one , the writing seemed a bit `` young '' , similar to junior high and high school writing , and not that there 's anything wrong with that , but I was expecting a more elaborate and mature sense of writing style , since the writer has written more than just one book . Also , the dialogue seemed so unreal . Yes , I know , it 's a fictional story , but there was nothing to relate to , but also little fantasy to have fun with , and what I mean by that is that the characters were very underdeveloped , and many of the individual story lines seemed incomplete . At the end , I felt that I needed to read more , to feel I read a whole story . By the way , the book had many typos .
 I was surprised by many of the things other reviews mentioned
 I 've read all three of Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez and greatly enjoyed the first two . To me this latest book was a poor retelling of the latest tabloid news . While I enjoyed the cleaver dialog and loved the characters , the plot left something to be desired.From the very beginning you could tell who was going to match up with whom . I realize that 's to be expected with this type of book , but there were situations that were very contrived which forced characters together.It was also very clear exactly which stars she was basing her story off of . It was as if she had n't been able to think of her own plot and thought she could use the tabloids to provide it . Thinking no one would notice if she just changed their names.I was also disappointed with the ending . It felt as though the author suddenly knew she had to wrap it up and ended up rushing to bring all her story lines together.Generally Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez writing is enjoyable to read . However frequently her descriptions / introductions of characters remind me too much of a high school English students attempt at writing a novel.If you liked her other novels , you 'll probably enjoy this one . Just do n't expect it to be as good as the first 2 .
 I do not recommend this book . However , if you must read it then do yourself a favor and check it out of the library!The author 's unoriginal ideas , poorly written style , underdeveloped characters and numerous grammatical errors make it confusing , uninspired and silly.It is embarrassing that the author is being crowned one of the nations Top 25 Hispanics . She is a horrible writer , and not very inspirational.I also found it amusing that because being `` Latina '' is so hot right now that publishers have to create a writer where there is no substance . A character in her book that is a `` phony '' musician is named Ricky Bascayne . Apparently Ricky is a pretty boy who pretends to sing and write , but the real singer and writer is his friend Matthew . Valdes-Rodriguez is definitely the `` Ricky Bascayne '' of the book publishing world . With one exception - there is no Matthew that is the crowing glory writer . Valdes-Rodriguez can not write and her publishers do not have editors to edit her material . What an embarrassment to Latina authors that can write!Finally , US magazine , Star magazine and other tartlet publications should sue Valdes-Rodriguez and her publishers for Valdes pulling Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck stories out of the tabloids and making them central characters in her book . They accomplished this creative feat by slightly changing their names . What an embarrassment !
 I would not let anyone in H.S. and definitely not in grade school read this book . Many inappropriate and unnecessary scenes . Thought I was reading the magazines at the grocery store .
 Oh my , this was probably the one of worst pieces of fiction I have read in a while , and definitely the worst book I 've read of Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez . I am so flustered , I just do n't know what to say . I 've read Ms. Valdes-Rodriguez 's other two novels -- Dirty Girls Social Club and Playing With Boys -- and could not put those books down . However , this one ? I had to force myself to keep reading it was so bad . From the overexaggerated characters -LRB- the ultra-obsessed groupie Milan , the eternally vain , shallow characters of Ricky and Jill , the uber-innocence of Jasminka -RRB- to the overbearing plot and numerous subplots , it was hard to get into this book . This is the first time that I did n't relate to the protagonist -LRB- Milan -RRB- in a novel.While there were some delightful punches of humor , mostly provided by Milan 's narration , and Milan and Geneva 's fiesty mom , overall Make Him Look Good made me feel bad . Really bad . For starters , there were glaring inconsistencies throughout the novel , including one where Milan pops a Ricky Biscayne tape into the tape deck while driving , but a few sentences later and a few miles down the road , Milan is listening to a Ricky Biscayne CD ?!?! What stood out with me most is the fact that Ms. Valdes-Rodriguez 's personal vendetta against Jennifer Lopez -LRB- aka Jill Sanchez -RRB- almost overtook the whole premise of the book ! By the end of the book , it is no secret that the author has an axe -LRB- or two , or three , or fifty -RRB- to grind with Lopez -LRB- and for what reason , I do n't know -RRB- . The paralells and the digs were endless ... down to the JSan -LRB- JLo anyone ? -RRB- clothing and accessory line and recollection of the romance with rapper D-Kitty -LRB- P. Diddy -RRB- . Many an author have characters based on their own personal antagonists in their real lives , but with enough creativity and level of disguise , the average reader would n't know . But this one ? Jill Sanchez ? Please .
 It 's somehow comforting to know that ethnic chick-lit can be as vapid and annoying as the typical mainstream variety . One good example of this is Alisa Valdes-Rodrieguez 's `` Make Him Look Good , '' a hideously inept satire on celebrity and self-absorbed males.Chubby , fangirlish Milan is president of an online fanclub for Ricky Biscayne , a sexy crossover singer ; so when her chic , urbane sister Geneva offers to get her a meeting -- then a job -- with Ricky , she jumps at the chance . Suddenly she 's his new publicist , hobnobbing with the rich and famous -- and a convenient sex partner.But Ricky 's life is swarming with women -- his fragile , newly pregnant supermodel wife Jasminka , his disapproving mom , an ex-girlfriend who bore his daughter as a teenager , and man-hungry A-lister Jill Sanchez . When Ricky disgraces and lies to the various women , they band together to revenge themselves on him and the cunning Jill.I love soapy chick-lit as much as the next person , but `` Make Him Look Good '' is almost offensive in its thinly-veiled , smug attitude . Instead of satirizing and condemning sleazy stars , celebrity-worship and marital cheating -- as it seems to at first -- it lingers on them like a lustful cameraman.Valdes-Rodrieguez seems more interested in lingering on Miami chic clubs , A-list housing and clothing than on plot . She also apparently gets tired of certain storylines -- Geneva stealing Milan 's past boyfriends is awkwardly dismissed with `` oh ... I was wrong , sorry . '' The climax is the height of the hilarity , with a `` surprise '' expose with the media that is more fantasy than Harry Potter , and written with campy ineptitude.The characters are n't so great either -- our heroine Milan is a pitiful , spineless girl who lives in a fantasy world , and sleeps with a pregnant woman 's husband without remorse . Why should we care about her ? The other characters are `` types '' rather than people
 I was extremely disappointed in this book . I loved her first two novels and expected much more out of this one . The blatant references to JLo -LRB- `` JSan '' ? Really ? -RRB- were unoriginal , the characters were weak and boring , the storyline itself was completely transparent . Do n't waste your time or money on this book . Check it out from the library if you `` must '' read it , or check out one of her first two for a better read .
 As a fan of Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez , I had high expectations for `` Make Him Look Good '' . It turned out to be a sore disappointment . Though it had its interesting moments , this book got to the point of being almost painful to keep reading . The writing was unimpressive , the plot completely over-the-top -LRB- even moreso than `` Dirty Girls '' -RRB- , and the author included sexual situations that were crass and unnecessary to the story . Characters were recognizable as parodies of Marc Anthony , Dayanara Torres , Jennifer Lopez , Tommy Matola , and Thalia . I 'm not sure what Rodriguez has against these celebs , but wow . You know , on second hand , maybe you should read this book , just to see what I 'm talking about . Piece of advice though
 I was so surprised , and not in a good way.I really enjoyed her first book . The second , not so much but still I thought that she was funny , sharp , created characters that were a little more then one diamensional , etc.But this - I was unprepared for the bomb that is this book . I am suprised that her publisher did not shoot this idea/outline down before it turned into a book.I am surprised that someone who showed so much promise with her first book is now seemingly a one trick pony . I expected so much more .
 I 'm still 20 pages away from finishing this book and I dread picking it up everytime.I read Alisa 's first 2 books and loved them . I waited patiently for `` Make Him Look Good '' . I was stupid enough to pay full price . I wish I would 've just checked it out from the library.The plot and character development is poor . Too many characters , not enough time to develop them . The story lines seemed rushed . Milan goes from frumpy , sad little pathetic homebody to an even sadder , more pathetic `` starlet '' in a matter of pages . And we 're supposed to believe that she 's going to go from sleeping with Ricky Biscayne to having a meaningful relationship with Mattew in just a matter of pages . I hate this character.The only character I have enjoyed is Geneva . And unfortunately Alisa is so obsessed with trashing JLo -LRB- `` Jill Sanchez '' -RRB- that she misses a great opportunity to develop a deeper , more meaningful character.The dialogue between the characters is shallow and hollow . Leaving little room for one to really become lost in the storyline.I 'm so disappointed . Read Alisa 's other 2 books -LRB- `` Playing With Boys '' is her best one , IMO -RRB- . But skip this one . It 's not worth it .
 Let me begin by saying that I 've read Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez 's other books , and that I truly enjoyed them . Dirty Girls Social Club was a fun read and Playing with Boys had substance and emotional depth that made it even more enjoyable than the first.If you 've read either of those books , do n't pick up this one . It is shallow , it is vapid , and worst of all , it is poorly put together . The characters are not likable , with some being so transparently modeled after current tabloid celebrities that it is embarrassing to read -LRB- Jill Sanchez , known as JSan , with her music and acting careers and fashion and perfume lines based on the fame of her big backside , engaged to a slightly less famous and starstruck White actor , dallying with her machista Latin pop star ex as he 's about to do a crossover breakthrough and then dropping in a couple of paragraphs about her dangerous relationship with the rapper D-Kitty and the gang shoot out she had to reveal she witnessed , since the gun was found under her carseat ? Jennifer Lopez should sue ! -RRB- . The worst part about this book is the editing , however . On one page a drugged out novela starlet is named Analisa , on the next she is Analicia ... in the same sentence a shirt is sleeveless and has short sleeves ... the purported protagonist describes in detail a capri pants and tank top outfit she dresses in on the way to work , and is wearing a black suit and lacy camisole when she gets there ... and the list goes on and on.If the publisher could n't get someone to reign in the high school quality writing in this one - giving the feeling it was rushed to print to capitalize on the success of the previous two - at the very least they could 've assigned an editor with a modicum of attention to detail and a modest control of syntax and grammar to polish it.Don ' t waste your time .
 Looking forward to reading Haters - Ms Rodriguez has already stated that Make Him Look Good was n't her best literary effort yet .
 I did not like this book . However , that does not necesarily mean you wont . The main problem is that several -LRB- two -RRB- of the characters seem to be undecided as to weather they are going to be antagonists or protagonists . And if you did n't understand the meaning of the two words I just used , this book is too advanced for you . I would say that if a person likes a lot of internal strugle , gore , philosiphy -LRB- there is a line from `` Paradise Lost '' at the begining of every section , and quotes from various well known novels and poems at the begining of each chapter , not to metion the philosiphy that is writen into the story itself -RRB- , but dose n't need a lot of action , then they would probably like this book .
 Oh my , this is bad ! Mind you , Margaret Weis is a brilliant writer , and this book is very well written , but IMHO -LRB- and please notice that this is just MY opinion , others may beg to differ -RRB- this one comes way too close to Star Wars -LRB- SW -RRB- ! Let me give you three examples
 Maybe you 'll enjoy this book , but I certainly did n't . I got it at a used book sale for a quarter , and I would n't buy it again . It feels like a blatant Star Wars rip off that 's poorly executed . My housemates and I passed it around and laughed at how bad it was.I picked it up because I 've enjoyed other work by Weis , but I could n't even finish this one.Folks have different tastes . If you 're thinking of buying this book , read the first few pages on the `` Look Inside '' feature . Had I taken the time to do that at the bookstore , I 'd have saved a quarter . If those pages grab you though , it might be a good bet for you .
 In one of the assorted notes in one of the annotated Dragonlance collections , it was mentioned that Margaret Weis was a huge Star Wars fan and adored Darth Vader.Readers of the `` Star of the Guardians '' trilogy could have told you that . I read `` The Lost King '' for the first time in two decades and , frankly , it did not age well.Weis is , as always , a solid craftswoman of sentences and paragraphs . She is usually a fine creator of fantastic worlds and sympathetic characters -- but she floundered badly in this series.Here 's the plot . There was once a virtuous old order guarded by noble knights with mystic abilities who use swords to defend the galactic order . The villains , led by a fallen knight , overthrow the old order . One of the knights protects a young man who has the same ability as the knights while the fallen knight looks for him . Throw in sassy mouthed computers and a gruff smuggler ... Wait a moment , where have we heard this before ? Yep . Margaret Weis , one of the leading fantasy writers in America over the last three decades ... shamelessly ripped off Star Wars.There are some differences . In Star Wars , the good guys want a republic while the bad guys want an unelected central power . Weis has the good guys defending monarchy and the bad guys backing a republic in `` Star of the Guardians . '' Weis has read enough and works that into the story -- and references to Christianity and Plato and other thinkers are some of the better parts of the book . Weis is a strong writer -- and that does help the book but it certainly does not redeem it.One other problem . We 've heard something else before in this book . According to the `` good guys '' in this book , the best form of government , instead of government of the people , is to be ruled by an unelected central power who will call upon supermen bred to improve the gene pool . Wait , where have we heard this before ? Yep . The `` good guys '' are agreeing with the likes of Himmler and Alfred Rosenberg and a host of other German leaders in the 1930s . This book is both shameless in its unoriginality and horrifying in its message . I 'm glad Weis will be remembered for the Dragonlance books while `` Star of the Guardians '' remains mostly forgotten .
 This book was n't just bad ... it was horrifying . Characters were completely unbelievable , the story trite and not even well done trite . Bad . Really bad . I rarely get rid of books , but this one 's going back to the used book store.On a good note , the author can spell . Sentence structure and grammar were above average . As odd as that sounds , that 's actually unusual these days .
 First I got to say I 've been a Weis/Hickman fan for the last ten years and I 've really love their other series , but this one ... No , I do n't really think this one is a good one . The characters are not completely developed and the story is so thin there is n't really one . As for the future world she developes I agree is quite good , it is , however , an almost exact copy of Star Wars -LRB- you only have to read about the bloodsword or XJ -RRB- . To make it short , I 'll only say , for all of you Weis fans that , like me , absolutely had to read this book
 I ca n't figure out what book the other reviewers read because I have to disagree with all of them . I found the storyline to be predictible , and the dialogue was simple and uninspired . I did n't think any of the characters in the story were truly developed which made it hard to really care about any of them . There were also some errors in the hockey aspect of the book , such as having an NHL team play three days in a row . I wanted to like this book since I love hockey but I found it hard to get through because it failed hold my interest .
 I bought this book as a gift to impress the receiver . To my shock , the receiver told me the book was very nice indeed but it contained only the first half of the book . I did not see anywhere where we are told about this being only half of the book unless you include the Library Journal description .
 This book , Little Women by Louisa May Alcott was boring . I did not enjoy her style of writing at all . Another factor that lead to me not liking this book is that it was from the 1800 's . Young teens like me are not into these types of boring `` 1800 's '' books . This book was a torture to read . You might ask , `` what was going through your mind as you were reading this book ? '' Well , to all of those people out there , my answer is `` boring ! '' Louisa explained everything that was going on ... only a little bit too much . I would recommend this book to anyone who has a mature mind and enjoys reading classic style books .
 The rating is for THIS edition of the book , feminist ideologue Elaine Showalter 's genital revisionism blots the text everywhere . Nor is the theme concerned with the `` tension between social responsibility & individual and artistic freedom '' except in the fevered dreams of academic collectivists obsessed with `` group identities '' who have instigated more cultural disintegration then anyone since the anarchist 60 's by eroding all Individual Responsibility & intellectual standards . Since acquiring a CEO from Disney the Penguin Classics once a distinguished series has become largely a pulpit for multiculturalists , feminists , post-colonial theorists and academic careerists brainwashed by Edward Said to `` re-frame '' `` de-construct '' and deface in the name of a politically reductive , emotionally vacuous jihad against Western Culture . Showalter 's a scumbag .
 I really dont know what the hype is over this book . Its considered a classic , yet , it is boring reading . I did n't find any of the characters of any interest and the pace is slow .
 Little Women is too long and very boring . There is just so much extra details in this book !!!! Half of wich , do not even make any sense !!! The girls in the book worry about everything and constantly cry , Marmee is and unrealistic mother , and EVERYTHING IS DESCRIBED ! If you have patience for tiny print and dry story , you may find this book somewhat interesting.Also , I would like to ask , what is a teen girl -LRB- Amy -RRB- doing getting married to a man AT LEAST 40 YEARS OLD ??!!
 I found Little Women okay , but a bit boring at times . There was absolutely no humor and I frankly did n't care what happened to the very unreal characters . The four sisters were too different to be actually related and Beth was too much of an angel . At the end of the novel , I did not find that I was attached to any of the characters.The book did not give me any emotional satisfaction and there were too many plots going at once.However , I will give some points to the quality of the plot . It was very realistic and surprising . Set during and after the Civil War , the March sisters -LRB- Meg , Jo , Beth , and Amy -RRB- struggle to grow up and , if not conquer , at least suppress their worst faults.In short
 The words are so crowded . So I wo n't suggest this one .
 After reading Pride and Prejudice and Jane Eyre , both written in the 1800s and which I loved , I thought I 'd try another classic , Little Women . What a disappointment . I could n't even read the whole thing . I only read the first 176 pages out of 470 , so if the last half is better than the first half , I would n't know . Thank you to other reviewers for giving me the major plot points . I skimmed a few of those and that was enough for me . I did n't want to spend any more of my time reading what I felt was a boring book . I liked three characters , Jo , Laurie and Beth , but again not enough to want to read the rest of the book . It was too syrupy sweet with the mother teaching her girls values such as helping those less fortunate than yourself , control your temper , work hard , be polite etc. . These are nice values , and this might be more desirable for a parent to read to young daughters . Although be aware that there are a couple of deaths of main characters . For me , this book was not good enough . I want entertainment , creativity , surprise , unexpected events and interesting characters . I prefer books like Twilight and Harry Potter for young adults and myself.Data : There is no sexual content which makes it appropriate for children . Setting
 I tried reading this book first when I was five , with my mom , then when I was twelve . It was horrible each time . I remember distictly suffering through it up to the part where Meg makes jam , then deciding it was n't worth my time . My mom hated it each time she read it too.The movie , however , with Winona Ryder and Susan Sarandon , is very good . If you want to know the story and not suffer , see the movie , which is quite good .
 i wold not buy this book if i were you . -LRB- dont buy this book -RRB-
 Why give your child an adaptation of a classic?The original book IS a classic because it 's that good , but it 's not intended to be an easy reader . There are lots of references to Dickens , 19th century schools of thought and people and places of the times.You can read the real book young -- I read it in 6th grade , and it 's still one of my faves.But your child will not get it until they are much older , not matter how gifted they are !!!!!!!!!!!! An adaptation is not the answer . It 's like feeding your child a pint of spaghetti sauce that has been drowned in a quart of water -- the original is there , but the flavor is gone . And so it the nutrition !!! There are plenty of books your child will enjoy and RELATE to . Wait to read the real thing . Or if you really insist on exposing them to the story before they can read it , let them see one of the film versions first -- they were all pretty good .
 I think this book is a touching story of a mother and her kids trying to live happy romance and more . Mother got what she wanted a grand child and even though they never became rich they were rich in love affection and happiness .
 Very long and boring never read this book you will regret it with all your life trust me and my friends we all read this and we all hate it !!!! &
 Little Women by Louisa May Alcott is a -LRB- boring -RRB- fiction book about the four March Girls - Meg , Amy , Jo and Beth , who I can never tell apart . They are poor and their father is at war , and they have all sorts of , um , not really adventures , but you get the point . Well , it tells about their daily lives - not that interesting . Alcott devotes whole chapters to something as trivial as making dinner - and does n't make it even that interesting . In the end , they are all happy and married with kids , thus giving the message to reach true happiness the ultimate goal must be marriage - not.I ca n't believe Alcott managed to write 647 pages of this - it was so dang boring ! Of course , it had its interesting moments , but for the most part , I ca n't believe I 'm alive , writing this review . Overall , this book has n't affected me much - just another book.Plot - boringEnding - pretty satisfying , especially because it 's the endingFlow - I still do n't know which character is which , and the book went from , say , a tea party , to a dinner , and back to the tea party ; confusing!Would I buy this book - I already did , but it was free -LRB- meh heh heh -RRB- Would I reread this book - NO!Bottom line
 I realize this book was free -- good deal ! But , I selected this book to read outloud to a woman in a nursing residence who can not see good enough to read herself . Her hearing is also an issue . Therefore , I read loudly . The errors in spelling make the flow of reading aloud difficult . Otherwise , it gets the point across . My mom read this book to me when I was little , and therefore wanted to share it .
 Sorry , but I truly could not abide the narrator . Smarmy beyond tolerance . It the March girls were 5 or 6 years old I could perhaps understand the way their voices were characterized but considering they are teenagers ... well , intolerable . I really tried , but I could not listen for more than half an hour and then I was done . Too bad they did n't find a better narrator .
 Borders Classics is a Borders imprint that makes similar cloth covered versions of classic tales . The reviewers who were looking for `` something special '' for Little Women will find it in the Borders version . The book is almost as beautiful as the story . The Penguin Classics version is just plain ugly .
 I borrowed this eBook from my local library and read 60 % of the novel before realizing it was not Louisa May Alcott 's original , but a children 's adaptation of the novel . This was not clear from the title of the book or the reviews provided by Amazon . Other customers ' reviews referenced the fact that this eBook contains only `` Part One '' of Little Women , and not the second part of the novel , now considered its sequel , `` Good Wives . '' However , it should be noted that the Little Women story in this eBook is incomplete and does not contain the original text of the novel . Do not purchase this eBook if you are looking for Little Women - find an official , authentic version instead .
 This book was a bland romance book.I am twelve year old boy so dont get be wrong that i read love books.Theonly reason i had to read this book was because my mom made me read it for homeschooling.I would no recomend this book for boys.Girls may be wild about this book but i think the book was crappy.But i gave little men a very good read.You can read it if you type in little men.Go to second page and its the first book on the top.Please read it .
 The book is so into depth and it gets boring after 3 to 4 pages of each action in the story . The March Family seems like THE PERFECT FAMILY . Its scary and extremely fictional because of this PERFECT FAMILY thing . FREAKY !
 Little Women has a very weak plot , going back and fourth between what the character is thinking and what is actually happening.This book also completely lacked amusement ! It talked and talked and talked , about NOTHING !!!! It absolutly moved to slow and when the book finally started getting faster , so much had changed in the story!There are much better classics out there ! DO NOT WAIST YOUR TIME ON THIS BOOK !!!
 This book is so corny I can barely stand it . It tells the story of four obnoxious , annoying sisters and their silly mother . The story is so corny I ca n't bear it . How can people call this piece of trash a classic ? The cheesiness and pure sugary-sweetness of the whole thing is awful . STAY AWAY !!
 This book -LSB- stunk -RSB- beyond all belief ! It was already bad enough that the March sister were extreamly good -LRB- too good -RRB- and how they complained about stupid stuff , like noses and how they were poor -LRB- which does n't even make sense if you have a servant and a manor ! -RRB- but she killed of Beth so early in the series and Jo did n't even marry Laurie !! But instead married her sister IT 'S NOT SUPPOSE TO HAPPEN LIKE THAT !!! It makes me wonder what could possibly fill the pages of the other two books . So I DO NOT recommend this book to ANYONE ! Instead , try Harry Potter : -RRB-
 Louisa May Alcott , Little Women -LRB- Signet , 1880 -RRB- I figured attempting to struggle through this for five months -LRB- actually , five months and one week -RRB- was more than enough torture , and so I gave up about a quarter through the book -LRB- I ended on page 124 of 455 -RRB- . I can understand the many accolades the book has gotten from various writers -LRB- the afterward of the one I was reading , for example , was penned by Susan Straight -RRB- about the depiction of women , especially young women , as groundbreaking for its time . All well and good , but I could n't get past the aggressive bucolic nature of the thing , which makes the Beany Malone novels seem as if they were written by Huysmans or Lautreamont -LRB- or Sartre or any other nihilist/existentialist you 'd care to name -RRB- . I have often wondered if there were a particular novel Melville were parodying in the hilarious opening pages of Pierre ; it is obviously not Little Women , published some twenty-eight years after Pierre , but I can see where Melville was coming from anyway . -LRB- This was actually an accepted literary style of the time ? How depressing . -RRB- You may ask what in the world I 'm going on about -LRB- though I assume if you 're a fan of the book you have an idea of what the word `` bucolic '' means without me having to explain it to you -RRB- . It 's this -- no one in this book ever thinks a truly bad thought . No one could ever even consider doing a bad deed . These characters are squeaky clean . Have you ever , in your entire life , encountered a household with four female children -LRB- especially four female children being raised by two females , since dad 's off to war -RRB- where there was no bickering ? Ever ? Where every small , unintentional slight was worked out by calm , rational debate ? No . Of course not . Why ? Because that household does not exist . It did not exist in 1880 , and it does not exist in 2009 . There are obviously those who can relegate that to the backs of their minds ; I found it impossible . Thus , one more book fed to the dustbunnies in 2009 . -LRB- zero -RRB-
 I have n't read this book & probably should . I started to in grade school and got bored after 2 pages . Anyway , I watched the movie recently and was very confused . It was a pretty good story and apparently autobiographical , but can someone who is hip on this story answer some questions . e-mail me at msbeckaru@aol.com1 -RRB- Who is Marmee ? The sisters are Meg , Jo , Beth , & Amy as best as I could tell . Does the mom have a name ? 2 -RRB- Is Teddy the same person as Laurie cuz I 'm really confused on that . 3 -RRB- What are Meg 's babies names ? They did n't say in the movie . 4 -RRB- Who 's the old lady who leaves Jo the poodle and the house ? Is she a relative?Thanks .
 This story is so incredibly melodramatic it 's not even funny . Jo is such an unlikeable character . She 's arrogant , fickle , and a complete drama queen . I was frustrated the whole time I read this book . I was hoping that there would at least be a good ending to this story , but the ending was the worst part of it . So Disappointing .
 They sent me a copy of Little Women , but a COMPLETLEY DIFFERENT EDITION from what I ordered . Now I have to go through the hassle of returning it . They said that that was the edition they had on hand , so they sent it out !! They thought I would n't notice . I ordered a pocket edition and they sent me a large book , and a large print one at that !!! I would give them NO stars if I could !
 Maybe to the older person `` Little Women '' is an interesting book , but let 's face it , the new genereation is just not interested in this kind of book . When I was in grade school , I had to read it for a project , and I hated it . The reason was probably beause it was not flashy or out of the ordinary . It just told the average story about the average family at that time . it may be interestign for some , but the young readers of today just do n't like it all that much .
 I am genuinely baffled by the degree of devotion this book still inspires based on the reviews at this site . I remember trying this book as a girl and disliking it ; I gave it another try now on vacation , at the age of 47 . I still dislike it . The characters are caricatures and speak in stilted dialogue unlike that of any real people -- much less interesting people . Do n't misunderstand -- I like good nineteenth century novels . In fact , I love Dickens , Trollope , the Brontes , George Eliot , Mrs. Gaskell , etc. . This book is a pale imitation of those -- a mere period piece .
 I was so , so looking forward to reading `` Little Women '' to my daughter , so she could be caught up in it as I was at an early age . I particularly chose the `` Whole Story '' edition because of its broad margins , easy-to-scan pages , and charming illustrations and margin notes that add historical texture to the story.Imagine my shock to discover that at the end of THIS edition , Jo has not written a book , Amy has not gone off to Europe , Professor Baer has not made an appearance of any kind and ... you 'll never believe this ... Beth is still carrying on a conversation -LRB- I 'm trying not to spoil the plot of the real thing here -RRB- . That 's because , apparently , `` Little Women '' was initially published in two parts -LRB- `` Little Women '' and `` Good Wives '' -RRB- , which are generally published as the same book . Whole Story has chosen to stop at the half-way point , so much of the story you remember , loved , cried , and laughed over is just not here.Imagine getting only the first half of Tom Sawyer ... leave him stranded on the island forever!I feel completely conned . It 's a five-star story - make that maybe even a seven-star story - but it 's a one-star edition .
 Please do n't misunderstand me ... I am NOT disparaging the original story of Little Women . The one star rating is for this particular edition of the book . I have loved this book all my life and having worn out my childhood copy , was hoping to get a new one . An UNABRIDGED copy !! This is not the original ... words and whole phrases have been changed and added to this copy ! If you , like I was , are looking for an original , untouched , UNABRIDGED copy of Little Women then bypass this edition !! I can not even begin to tell you how disappointed I was !! I will be returning this copy and continue my search for a REAL copy of Little Women that has n't had words changed , modernized , or `` dumbed down '' !!
 Sure the story is great -LRB- as it would be with any version -RRB- and this version does have the nice print and book mark , however , the advertising suggested to me , at least , that there would be several illustrations . There were none except silly chests with each little woman 's name engraved on them at the start of each chapter.Do not select this book if you are looking for an * illustrated * version . The Illustrated Junior Library version is well illustrated and at least as high quality a printing.By the way , read the sales copy above to see how misleading it is . Just for that reason , consumers should eschew this version , and Amazon should have them change it .
 Please make it shorter and not to have so many confusing plots in it . But it was still a little bit good .
 i am yet to finish the book but is kind of boring to me . I am still reading it because when i start something i always want to finish it that is why i am still reading it otherwise i would have abandon it .
 `` Take care my skirt do n't trip you up ... '' `` Do n't Meg pull fair ? '' `` Oh , yes she tries to but she do n't love Bethy as I do ... `` If you 're looking for a copy of Little Women with lots of colorful illustrations do n't buy this copy there are none.If you 're looking for a copy with extra information about the author do n't buy this one there 's only a very short paragraph at the end about Louisa May Alcott that comes after the 15 `` book discussion '' type questions that are not very useful to an independant reader.I was not impressed with the wording of this Sterling Publishing edition of this beloved children 's classic . I 've read other editions of Little Women and do n't remember the word do n't being used so poorly throughout the novel as it was in this edition . Are these the original words of Louisa May Alcott or do n't people know how to use proper English back in the 1860 's ?
 This is a GREAT book ! I was thrilled to find it at my library , because everyone told me that I should read it . This unique story shows how the March sisters deal with problems together . -LRB- I have two sisters , so I can relate to that -RRB- . The four girls , Meg , Jo , Beth , and Amy , form a tight bond as they deal with frienships , money , marriages , and much more , during the civil war , when their father is away . When their mother , `` Marmee '' goes to help their sick father , they struggle to find any help for Amy , who is dreadfully ill with the scarlet fever . This , and many more problems fill their lives , and they learn to live a better life as they mature and grow strong within each other . This is a wonderful classic , and I encourage you to read the book , watch the movie , or listen to the cassete -LRB- of which I have done all three ! -RRB- .
 I read this book a long time ago and absolutely hated it . Then someone recommended Louisa May Alcott to me so I gave it another shot , but by the end I was truly wondering why Little Women had become such a classic . I found that the first half was lacking in plot - when I looked back on it I realized that I had spent at least a couple hours reading about a ball , a sickness , and a bad dinner - and that the second half had far too much plot . The first part was very hung up on morality and sometimes felt too pious , although Marmee was a remarkably enlightened woman . The characters , especially Meg , did n't feel distinct and realistic throughout the second half ; I felt like the three years that had passed distanced me from the characters . Attempting to jam three romances , a death , and a storyline involving Jo 's writing into the second part only made things feel more detached . As for the aforesaid romances , I tried desperately to find the emotional reasoning behind Jo 's choice and came up empty handed . The one thing that saved this book was the simple language and writing ; I found it easy to read.In short , I 'm sure that this book appeals to some , but I did n't like at 7 and I do n't like it now . I definitely agree with the people that recommended Anne of Green Gables instead - it and its sequels are great books .
 Little Women is very like The Brady Bunch . In its time , everybody knew it was sugary-sweet and unrealistic . -LRB- Including , and especially , Alcott . -RRB- It still dared to tackle subjects previously taboo . -LRB- For Little Women , it was daring to show girls with personalities , for Brady Bunch , it was new to show blended families . -RRB- The world was never like this -- even Alcott 's own life was not . She idealized a miserable childhood into something that would sell
 First , this is only the first half of `` Little Women . '' Yes , this is the book originally published under that title , but usually it is bundled with the sequel , `` Good Wives . '' This volume only covers the period up to Meg 's wedding.Second , this adaptation has taken all the color out of the work . The descriptions of the girls and their friends are missing , as are descriptions of their clothes , home , etc. . Alcott herself wrote -LRB- ch . 1 -RRB- , '' ... young readers like to know ` how people look . ' '' I question the decision to leave out the descriptive passages as they are some of the most interesting writing , especially to younger readers .
 This is one of the greatest works of American fiction ever written . It touches my heart in a different way each time I read it , and I have read it several times-every Christmas since I was 12 . I 've been looking to replace my worn , cheap , but dearly loved copy with something with a classic cover to mirror the classic literature its binding holds . This `` Deluxe Edition '' is a disgusting display of ... I do n't know what . The cover has nothing to do with the story . Cartoon scribbles of girls with pimples ? Not only is this unappealing , it also implies that what lies on the inside is inconsequential dribble which it most certainly is not.Buy this book , just not this edition .
 I had trouble keeping the girls apart and after reading for a while found myself bored . I did not finish it . But I do not read a lot .
 I just could not get in to this and had it because it has certain items I needed to know .
 I was expecting the book in the picture but what I received was a solid blue covered version . Would not go through this seller again .
 Where did you get this edition of Little women ? It was filled with grammatical errors . Reading your book really was a bizarre experience . Have one of you editors read this edition .
 zzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz z z zzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzz z z zzzzzzzzzzzz zzz z z z z z z z z zz
 I expected to receive the same edition shown in the picture , but instead received a very low quality , older version . It was a gift and I was very unhappy about the bait and switch !
 Please note that I am rating this particular edition of the novel . The book itself is surprisingly wonderful and easily deserves five stars . This particular edition , however , is flawed . My copy had forty pages missing and replaced with a portion that was already printed in the prior chapters . This was very frustrating , and things were only salvaged when I discovered the power of Google Books . To ensure that your reading pleasure is not disrupted , please consider getting another edition of this fantastic book !
 I purchased a copy of this book strictly based on the graphics of the cover . I was truly disappointed when I received the book of LITTLE WOMEN with an entirely different graphic for a cover , no way resembling the cover shown .
 I agree with the reviewer below me 100 % . This cover is disgusting . I was hoping to find a lovely copy of this book for my sister as a gift because she loved the copy I purchased for myself a while back . Mine is from Borders classics but unfortunately I do n't think they are making the same copy anymore . It is a beautiful hardcover , fabric covered , bright red with gold embossing and nice victorian female silhouettes . I was hoping to find her something comparable . I do n't know why they decided to make beautiful fabric versions of other classics such as Pride and Prejudice and Jane Eyre which i have purchased and love , but to release this horrible version of Little Women . I truly wish they had made it along the lines of the faric covered hard cover classics . I guess this was an attemt of modernizing a book which does n't need to be modernized in order to be loved , that is what makes it a classic after all . What a shame .
 I found this version to be very trite and the voices did not match the depth of the characters . I was quite disappointed compared with other audiobooks that I have listened to .
 LITTLE WOMEN BY LOUSY LOUISA MAY ALCOTT -LRB- I THINK THAT 'S HER NAME -RRB- IS THE UTMOST WORST BOOK YOU WILL EVER READ IN YOUR ENTIRE LIFE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! IM GOING TO CALL lOUISA lOUSY ... BECAUSE THAT 'S WHAT DESCRIBES THIS BOOK . lOUSY WRITES A LOUSY 1800 'S BOOK THAT IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BORING !! THIS BOOK IS VERY INFORMATIVE AND IS NOOO FUN TO READ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Very boring . I had to read it for something I did at school . The beggining is OK but after awile it gets really boring . For example they propose he gets turned down ect . I did n't really getthe feel for this book . I had heard it was supposed to be good . But I heard it from one of my substitutes she said it was really good but I do n't really like romance , stress , and poverty in stories but if you like that you can try this book . I DO NOT . YES I DO NOT RECCOMEND THIS BOOK !!!
 I really did no t find this book interesting . I like James bond more . I grade it 5 stars . This is a girl but one who is a tomboy . But that is my opinon . Most people love it but I did not
 This is a book that I 'd heard about all of my life , so I figured I ought to finally read it . Unfortunately , it is truly miserable . I would have given up on it about halfway through , but our internet died for a few days so I was n't able to download anything else from the library.To be fair , the book was written for prepubescent girls , and I am -LRB- at the time of this writing -RRB- a 38-year-old man . But I have to believe that even the target audience - in this generation at least - would find it a slog.This book features the March family - primarily Mrs. March and her four daughters , Meg , Jo , Beth , and Amy . It describes the daily joys and travails of these mid-19th century New England women . Unfortunately , nothing much happens to them . Trivial events - such as a disastrous meal , or a picnic lunch are the subjects of full chapters . The girls mostly sew , do their chores , play outside , eat , and sleep . The book is full of moral lessons , admonishing us all to be selfless , good , pure , and true . Some of these morals are timeless , and good behavior is something we can all aspire to . But the lessons are delivered with as much subtlety as a sledgehammer , in such a cloying way , and with so many superlatives as to make you want to stick a finger down your throat.The book also has lessons that are not -LRB- thank God -RRB- timeless . Three out of four of the little women who feature in this book have interesting talents
 I did , at age 8 or so , though , re-reading it today , I find itrather grim and dull . Also , as I learnt some years ago in my teachingdays , this is not a book to be used in the classroom . It is best savedfor long winter days , when reading a chapter can be a daily visit withappealing friends.Much of it is way too puritanical for mytaste . Daughters can not so much as have their rare good breakfast onChristmas Day , and presents need to be sacrificed because how can oneenjoy oneself when soldiers are not ? But the characters are oftenvivid , and the relationships between the sisters are quiterealistic.That said , it does tend to be a winner . The very youngtend to focus on the fun parts rather than the New Englandcongregationalist preaching ... do n't spoil it for them , at the youngage , by telling them just why the Alcotts , on whom this work wasbased , were the `` poor '' outcasts in the wealthyneighbourhood . END
 I hate to say it but this is a book designed primarily for women . I am a male and I would have to refrain from calling it a classic as it failed to cross the sexual divide . The characters are well developed and undoubtedly you care for the four children and their mother especially . The girl 's lovers are unfortunately less developed as characters and they come across as prissy men . The plot is overlong and unexciting . Is there even a plot ? However the plot of Emma was also non-existant but the writing had an edge to it that dismissed any boredom . Unfortunately boredom can creep in while reading this tale . The death of one main character seemed to drag on and on and on ... Am I the only person in the world who rejoiced upon reading that the girl had passed on . `` About bloody time ! '' I cried . I thought about giving this book a solid three stars but that would have been too generous . It is regarded as a classic but to me it was a sentimental piece of rubbish . 2 generous stars
 I give this a one-star only for the introduction . The book `` Little Women '' itself is a wonderful and lovely classic . However , this Barnes and Noble edition with the introduction by Camille Cauti is what I have decided to rate and I give it a one-star rating . If you are wishing to read a 21st century review of a 19th century book and desire to bring into the story links to homosexuality and questioning the sexual orientation of the author , Louisa May Alcott , then by all means , buy this edition and read the introduction by Camille Cauti . I bought this book to give to my 12yo daughter not realizing the introduction would be discussing this topic ... I thought the edition a beautiful copy ... cover picture , etc. . It was n't until later that I read the introduction . Altho . I did not buy this from Amazon -LRB- I bought it at our local Barnes and Noble store -RRB- , I offer this review of this particular edition to provide others with awareness of the introduciton by Camille Cauti and her unfortunate 21st century analysis . If you wish to have this sort of analysis of this book in your personal home library , then so be it ... buy this edition . If you , like me , wish to have a copy of a classic and lovely story of Little Women without the 21st century analysis , then do not buy this edition . Just a heads up for anyone considering this Barnes and Noble edition .
 Despite the Jessie Wilcox Smith illustrations on the front and back covers , I was very disappointed to discover that the artist 's color plates that so perfectly capture the characters and events in this American literary classic , were omitted from this edition . Intending to give it as a gift , I ordered this book because I was under the impression that it had the famous Jessie Wilcox Smith pictures . What a disappointment !
 This version of Little Women is only half the book , the cover says complete and unabridged but that is not true . It is not complete ; it is only Part 1 , which is very disappointing when you 're expecting the whole book.I have nothing against the story , that is not why I rated this product low , I just thought people should know its not all of the story and have to be disappointed .
 I love `` Little Women '' by L.M. Alcott . It 's a great book . Unfortunately whoever published this version left it full of spelling and punctuation mistakes ! I ca n't believe it 's sold like this . Did n't someone edit it ??? Very dissatisfied and will be returing it .
 This book was okay but boring it has no action it also did not change from a little girls voice to a big girl or women voice
 I bought this edition of Little Women for my niece . I chose this edition because the product description mentions margin notes that provide a historical perspective . There are no margin notes ! You get the great , classic story , of course , but the description is inaccurate . There are several illustrations , but be warned that the margin notes do not exist .
 This book has a warning on the back that explicit language is used in the presentation . This is not listed on Amazon 's website - and now I have a gift that is not usable !
 I teach a group exercise class that uses tubing . I wanted a book to give me some new exercise ideas . This book gives the reader tube exercises -- but you have to attach the tube to a doorway ! It is not a good a good reference book if you are looking for something to use for a group . If a person were just starting an exercise program at home and wanted a beginners book , this would be OK . Also , for the price it is little more that a pamphlet -- kinda a rip . Does have some nice beginners streches and muscle diagrams .
 Stated it was used . ENTIRE book was completely used as a journal all the way through from to back . NOT EVEN USEFUL and postage not worth sending back .
 Prospective buyers should be aware that the book is a feel-good discussion with a heavily religious slant . Anyone expecting an ideology-free discussion of the relationship between shame and intimacy should be prepared to read that `` God 's remedy for legitimate shame is the Cross of Christ '' -LRB- p. 9 -RRB- .
 DeceivedFirst of all , I thought I was getting a real book , with introduction , forward , publishing dates etc. for my book discussion group . Instead I got a strange copy - All it contained was the story on a format that was large print and almost manuscript size , making it difficult to read and to handle . This book turned out to be &#34; printed on demand ; indicated by a print date at the back of the book &#34; December 27 , 2012 &#34; . There was no indication that this book would be &#34; printed on demand &#34; with only the story , no context . I would not have purchased this edition if I had known , but would have purchased a &#34; used &#34; book instead.In future , I will not be purchasing any &#34; new &#34; books from Amazon , unless it is clearly stated what is what .
 There is no other way to say it , and I find this kind of thing hard to do -LRB- I know I 'll receive a lot of negative votes from those who beam in because they like the book -RRB- , but I 'm sorry , I found it boring.Barely got through it all , but I ENDURED . With the enthusiasm of a kid who nibbles at the broccoli but ca n't wait to stuff the potatoes and gravy into his mouth . With this in mind , if you want to look at a similar book -LRB- that is much better -RRB- I would point you towards the rare `` King , Queen , Knave '' by Vladimir Nabokov , or the equally rare , `` The Temptation Of Eileen Hughes '' by Brain Moore
 There are books that travel through time labeled as historic , groundbreaking , pioneering , etc. when in fact they are nothing more than poor writing dressed up in a `` sophisticated '' package . That is how I felt about this novel . Absurd characters wandering through a tedious story about the accomodations that people make in order to be perceived as `` proper '' in their social , cultural and religious milieu .
 I did not enjoy the writing style at all . Book club member selected it , fewer than half of us were able to read it .
 ~ I found the book quite puzzling especially the character of the narrator which was cold and lacking in emotion . I wondered about the point of the narrator . The book was like a flow of consciousness and some sections had to be reread to try to get any meaning or sense . Here and there some wry humour , and some of the language was beautfiful though not always rational or clear . At times it all seemed chaotic .
 This production of the novel is unreadable . Pages are almost square . Margins are narrow . Each line of type stretches too far from left to right.For readability , the standard rule is 60 characters per line . The lines here are about 85 characters . Short paragraphs are manageable , but there are many long paragraphs in this text . When the paragraphs run ten or twenty lines deep , it is very difficult to move from the end of one line back to the beginning of the next.Also , there is no copyright information or publisher name anywhere in this production . It 's just a bunch of words with the author 's name . The only hint is a note on the back page
 This book is downright terrible . It seems as though it was written by several different people , none of whom communicated with one another and none of whom had a very good handle on physics . There are gaping errors in chapters and AP tests , and the practice AP tests are extremely confusing and misleading - something the actual AP test is not .
 Looks like their printing facility , equipment , or most likely the rendering software simply failed to interpret and reproduce on paper the formulas that should be present ... It is an aberration , never saw anything like that before ...
 I do n't know if it 's the `` worst ever '' , but it contains serious errors . Some are possibly typos , but the majority are wrong math , wrong analysis or -- worst of all -- wrong concept . A disaster for the beginning student.See for example the solutions to example Free-Response Questions 2 -LRB- b -RRB- and 3 -LRB- b -RRB- given on page 151 .
 On page 3 , it says students may not take physics B and physics C in the same year . This is wrong ; I asked the ETS -LRB- the folks that conduct the AP Program -RRB- and they said `` Students are permitted to take any of the Physics ' exams in the same year . '' !
 Not only did I get the book , but I took the lame course . Fisher -LRB- the second author -RRB- so much as admited that his book is the best because it is the only CSET book currently available . Both the book and the course fall far short of the material covered on the actual exam . I am a past MSAT taker and 1st time passer -- I unfortunately have the pleasure of having my MSAT score not count due to new CA regulations , and was confident that the information required for CSET success was less than that required for MSAT due to the oversimplifications in the Bobrow and Fisher text and course.Should I have to take the test again I will utilize more specific content materials . Perhaps , AP course materials are better suited to study?Good luck . I hope you find a better study guide than this one . Please , do n't buy this book .
 Sadly I made the same mistake a couple of the other reviewers did and purchased there product . To start with the web site shows a picture of a book , CD rom and a Cassette tape . What you get is a PDF file that you then have to print out . The extra coaching they promote is also a joke . It costs you $ 20 bucks but what you get is a Email address that you can send questions to . Unless you have money to flush down the toilet dont bother with they product .
 I just recently took the CSET and will be anxiously awaiting the results . But I can tell you first hand that this study guide alone will not prepare you for all the subtests . There is simply too much information to know . I agree with the posters here . The Cliffs guide is a rough , sketchy outline of the test . The sample tests will not be like the ones you 'll see on test day.Recommended Resources :1 . Official CSET website - download the practice multiple subject tests . This is a must . The outline of what is being tested should also be downloaded . It guides you as to what you need to know . It 's a lot of topics , but you need to go through it and tough it out .2 . Cliffs - not a bad idea to include this in your studies . The history section is decent , but unfortunately you need to supplement the rest .3 . Barrons - posters say that there are errors . True , but I thought that the sample test were a little -LRB- slightly -RRB- better than the Cliffs .4 . Hirsch 's Series - 4th , 5th , 6th grade . I found a few questions here were actually on the test ! 5 . Everything You Need to Know books - subjects in history , math , science , geology , etc. . The colorful pictures can aid you on test day . They are great if you are a visual learner .6 . Do use the internet to supplement your studies . Online searches , encyclopedias , etc. . Get your hands on other study guides to supplement your studies . Cliffs is not the only one out there .7 . Last resort , purchasing the recommended textbooks for each of the subtests . This is a very costly one , as the recommended texts are rather expensive.Not Recommended :1 . CA Teaching Solutions - I agree with the poster here who had a negative review of this company . I made the costly mistake of purchasing their CD . Do n't fall for this internet scam company as I hear they are being investigated .2 . MoMedia - another poor product . An e-book , c'mon guys . Even you can make an e-book . The math in there was not even on the CSET , and it really needed a lot of heavy editing to do . Get yourself a real book .3 . Ace the CSET - if you have extra money you want to spend , fine . But I found that it was more of an entertaining purchase , rather than a serious , academic one . The questions and quizzes were designed for kids , not students who are preparing to take the CSET.If you do not agree with the `` Recommended List , '' fine . But please do not make the same mistakes I did with the `` Not Recommended '' list . You will be flushing your money down the toilet and regretting it . Do n't do what I did.Purchasing Cliffs is a start , but surround yourself with other , better study guides , go through the recommended list and you should be prepared .
 It 's not a bad idea to include this book in your studies . Yes , the reviews are primarily true-that being that the content is just too light and that the sample test are way different from the real CSET test.Beef up by using E.D. Hirsch 's , Scholastics , and going online to some of the educational websites . It 's not a bad idea to order some of the new ones that are coming out -LRB- although it seems that some may be worse than the Cliff 's -RRB- . You need to get your hands on MORE resources so that you can walk into the testing room feeling confident that you will pass it .
 I do n't know what all the hype is about , especially from the poster above . The book is an abbreviated , outline version of what you need to know.You HAVE to do your own studying , and look into buying other books -LRB- 4th , 5th Graders , Boosalis , etc -RRB- . I too was SHOCKED when I first purchased this book and flipped through the pages . The stuff you need to know is nowhere near the exam itself , not to mention that Cliffs test itself are a total flop ...
 I was given this book as part of a test prep class , and had to supplement its contents with extensive outside reading -- consider the Hirsch books , the `` Everything You Need to Know About ... '' series from Scholastic , online encyclopedias , and the Usborne published books to up your knowledge.Also , I discovered by accident that much of this book is copied VERBATIM from the Bobrow-published MSAT study guide . Even though the test is supposedly different , and the science supposedly easier , this book is almost identical to the MSAT test prep book . Which makes you wonder why they could n't fix the numreous typos between publications ... Have n't taken the CSET yet , but I know I would n't feel prepared relying on this book alone .
 I have been advised by those who help others prepare for the CSET that this is not a good study guide . So much information and so overwhelming and not all the answers are accurate.I studied the books What your 6-8th grader needs to know ... I did that for math , geography , ca history etc etc and passed the CSET on the first try . I am not young . . almost 50 .
 I 've taken the test for the CSET multiple subject , and I can honestly say that the Cliff 's book is really poorly edited and drafted for the CSET multiple subject . I 'm not sure where the poster who was hyping about the book is coming from , but you really need to look into other resources to study from . The practice tests in the Cliff 's is NOT representative of the actual test . The official CSET website is a good way to go . Keep your chin up , save your money , and do well on the exam .
 Wasted my valuable time using this and the Kaplan guide -LRB- which I have given an equally bad review ... -RRB- The practice tests are NOTHING like the real thing . The actual multiple choice questions were far more difficult than anything the guide prepared me for . As I anxiously await my results , for subtest I and III , I plan on taking a prep class for subtest II . My advice is do n't waste precious time and money on this ... BIG thumbs done .
 Read the previous reviews and did not use Cliffs Test Prep but instead used everything need to know 4 , 5 , 6th grades . I also went to the cset website and did the practice test over and over again . This was very helpful !!! I passed my tests on the first try . The test was very long and draining took all 5 hours for the three subtests . Good luck !
 The review sections of this book are completely worthless . For instance , for the Communications/Media/Drama review section there is only 2 pages of the most basic terms , that any idiot would know what they mean . And for the Literacy/Language section , there is only about 8-9 pages focusing primarily on grammar and not the type of linguistic concepts that appear on the real test . The Literature section is equally weak , with only the most general of timelines and glossaries . I would n't bother with this book .
 This has been a disappointing year ! I now have to take the tests again . I DID NOT PASS . I do n't find it clear and helpful . I truly wish there were more options and taking a class is not an option . So , if you buy it ... I wish you well .
 Not helpful and wish I had something else
 The theory of organization in this book was good , but in practice it was a disaster . The book includes subtests to show you your trouble areas , which I thought was helpful . however , the actual review sections are poorly put together and leave out a lot of crucial information . It does n't explain , but rather just gives vague statements and drawings . On one of the sample questions it talks about what a paper will look like after being folded and cut in a certain way . As an explanation for this answer , the authors simply state to cut it out and see for yourself . Well , that 's not very a practical explanation as you ca n't do that during the test . I have n't gotten my scores back from the CSET yet , but it was ugly that day .
 This book was the biggest disappointment ever . Not only is the CSET a stupid test to begin with but this book does everything but give you an idea of what to expect on the test . I walked into the test confident and feeling very well prepared , when I left I knew I was doomed ! Do everything you can to avoid buying this book !
 First of all , let me say that this book , the CliffsTestPrep guide on the CSET , is a big disappointment . I waited 2 months for this book to be published , and when it finally came to my door i was overjoyed . I happily scanned through the pages , and by the time i got to the last page , i felt like there was something missing . The contents seemed very general and not thorough enough . The book was filled with outlines and reviews on the topics that were `` supposed '' to be on the test , however , it does not go in depth with these topics.Nevertheless , i stuck with it anyways , since i had never taken the CSET before , and Cliffs had gotten me out of trouble many times in the past . So i studied this book religiously for 3 weeks . Then when it came time to take the CSET , i thought i was ready . I went into taking the CSET with confidence , and came out shattered . The topics that were covered in the book came reasonably close to the actual test , but it did n't matter because the questions in the test requires you to know more of the details ... which was not provided in this book.Let me give you a preview of Cliff 's guide on the CSET . There are three parts to it . The first part is
 The Cliff 's Notes covered the basic material of the new CSET , but I thought it was n't as thorough as it should of been . The CSET test had questions that were not covered on this book . The route I took was to read some of Hirsch 's work . It helped out more than the Cliff 's . Also if you are a new CSET test taker , do n't purchase any of the products from teaching solutions . I just read about it on the internet that it is a scam and a bogus product . I had just got mine , and I could tell you to save your money . It 's a no go.Hirsch 's book is probably the best bet to go .
 I agree with the poster below me . The CSET test prep book was a complete waste , that did not come close to providing the necessary material for the real test . The test questions are really a breeze and compared to the actual thing.I took the subtest II science/math on November ' 03 , and I can honestly say that the material from this book was scant , weak , and just too light . The actual CSET tests you on material and concepts that you wo n't find in this book.If you want to fool yourself into thinking that this test prep has the whole package because it is by `` Cliff 's Notes '' and the author has a PhD , your in for a BIG surprise come test day.I am really starting to wonder if the author is publishing these superficial books just to make a quick buck . I am beginning wonder if this is the type of quality he is shooting for in all of his test books . The best bet would be to go with the Hirsch 's series . They tend to cover a wide range of relevant material . If you still are not convinced by what I am saying , then just sit down in the bookstore , and flip through the CSET Cliff 's Notes book instead of buying it . Save your money for the next subtest you need to take .
 Book gave a nice overview of the CSET content , but I thought it was n't as thorough as it should of been . There were lots of questions on the CSET test that was n't covered on the practice tests or in the contents . The best way to go is to use Hirsch 's books . It helped out . And to any new students taking the CSET , do n't purchase any of the products from Teaching Solutions . I had just learned that it is a scam , and the CD -LRB- they say they have a book , but they do n't -RRB- is just filled with useless , garbled information .
 I disagree with the poster who was giving the Cliff 's CSET book such a glowing review . A CSET test taker knows a bad study guide after having taken and seen a real exam.As with the majority of the posters here , I agree that the content of the Cliff 's Notes fell short of meeting the contents for subtest I , II , and III . The material presented in the Cliff 's Notes , is either based on a loosely outline format , or will contain sporadic information that is basically a rehash of the contents of its previous edition -LRB- MSAT -RRB- . If you really need to study for these tests , you CAN include the Cliff 's Notes , but only use it as a last minute review . The sample tests in the Cliffs Notes are just exercises , and do not reflect the real CSET multiple subject test in question format or content . Hirsch 's book -LRB- and yes , this is the correct spelling , not the one made by the previous poster -RRB- is a good reference , and you can find this book here on amazon . I also agree with the previous poster who said that you should save your money and not purchase the Teaching Solutions CD . All in all , just study , make flash cards , use other resources , and you should be fine .
 The book had writing on almost every page , AND there was pink highlighter EVERYWHERE ! The book was not even close to being in good condition , or fair , or even acceptable .
 Given this is not apologetics , an overload of what is done , with continual references to the lifelong study required , I felt I did not know much more about the reasons behind the liturgical rites and the precepts of this religion than I did before starting this book .
 this is an older version of the book . Because it is in black and white , it is hard to follow . I then purchased the newest version in color and it is so much better .
 THIS IS THE SECOND BOOK I ORDERED TITLED MAKE A QUILT IN A DAY LOG CABIN PATTERN . BY ELEANOR BURNS THE FIRST ONE I RECEIVED I MAY NOT HAVE MADE IT CLEAR THAT I WANTED THE FOURTH EDITION PRINTED IN 1998 . IT HAS A COLORED HEAVY COVER , EXACTLY LIKE THE 1998 . SO I ORDERED ANOTHER ONE , MAKING IT CLEAR I WANTED THE 1998 EDITION . I RECEIVED ANOTHER COPY OF 1979 PRINTING , WITH A CHEAPER COVER , & A DRAWING OF A MACHINE WITH A QUILT ON IT . BLACK ON MANILLA . THE CONDITION IS GOOD , EXACTLY LIKE THEY STATED WITH A FEW PENCILS NOTES . BUT IT IS NOT WHAT I ORDERED !
 The book I received was the 3rd edition not the 5th as pictured . The copy I received was in black and white . I was very disappointed .
 I expected a regular book and this appeared like a copy with pages very light . It appeared to be printed and stapled together . Would not suggest to anyone else.Shipping was great .
 The novel Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte is a timeless story of an orphaned girl . The story of Jane Eyre begins with a look into her unpleasant life while living with her cruel aunt and cousins . To escape her family , Jane escapes to a school in which she spends eight years . Upon leaving Lowood , Jane decides to better her life by becoming a governess . She takes this position at a place called Thornfield Hall where she teaches a young girl named Adele.This novel is well interpreted to show the struggles of an orphaned girl . It also demonstrates how much courage a woman can have in their life even though things may seem impossible.This book is likely to appeal to an older age group . The language is difficult to understand at times and younger people may have trouble staying interested just because the novel is extremely descriptive . An older age group would probably have enough patience to let the splendor of the story unfold . It 's also a longer story of 456 pages in which really could have been written well in half the length .
 Endless , pointless description . DESCRIPTION , DESCRIPTION , DESCRIPTION !!! The entire book is written in stupid metaphors . The few places where there is actually any dialogue bore the reader to tears . Honestly , i think that this is dubbed a classic simply because it is older than sand . Gee , maybe if I just go out and slop a few words down on a piece of paper , it 'll be a classic in 160 years ! It 'll be required of every high school sophomore , like this idiotic `` story . '' Excuse me now , I 'm off to begin my masterpiece . I 'm sure it 'll be better than this .
 The novel Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte is a timeless story of an orphaned girl . The story of Jane Eyre begins with a look into her unpleasant life while living with her cruel aunt and cousins . To escape her family , Jane escapes to a school in which she spends eight years . Upon leaving Lowood , Jane decides to better her life by becoming a governess . She takes this position at a place called Thornfield Hall where she teaches a young girl named Adele.This novel is well interpreted to show the struggles of an orphaned girl . It also demonstrates how much courage a woman can have in their life even though things may seem impossible.This book is likely to appeal to an older age group . The language is difficult to understand at times and younger people may have trouble staying interested just because the novel is extremely descriptive . An older age group would probably have enough patience to let the splendor of the story unfold . It 's also a longer story of 456 pages in which really could have been written well in half the length .
 I Ca n't emphasize enough how great this book was . This is the first and only book that I have ever involuntarily read ! I guarantee NO SLOW READING . The life of Jane Eyre will hook you from the beginning and you wo n't be able to put it down . There are not enough starts to rate this book .
 I am writing this because I just had to read the book as a requirement for English . It is the worst book in the world , and it drags on and on and on . I definitely would not recommend this book for anyone who likes action , mystery , or high paced books . If you want to be bored out of your mind , sure , go ahead and read it . Do n't say I did n't warn you ! If you ask me , sparknotes are the best thing for this book .
 I dont understand how anybody could consider this an enjoyable read . Sure , words that are 900 letters long were common then , but simple is better . Plot ??? whats that ? Bronte BEGINS to develop this mythical creature around page 300 of 460 . Shes pathetically longwinded , taking over 400 pages to say what i couldve written in 1 . This book is an utter waste of time ; it lacks even the simplest aspects of a good book
 I had to read this for my Literature paper . I had to say this is the only book which I really do n't appreciate . I do n't see the idea of feminism , maybe in the beginning . Bronte did attempt to , but failed to carry through . So , it ends up looking like hypocrisy to me . And , I see a very weak Jane , contrary to my tutors ' sayings . 1 star is for politeness , and because it 's the book which always has the easiest questions . Anyway , should at least say Thanks .
 Well , the book is in good condition BUT IT WAS THE WRONG BOOK . i asked for a certain edition and I got a different . Very upsetting .
 THis book is the worst book that I have ever read . The book is way to long for such a bad book . Most of the book is about a girl complaining about every bad thing that happens to her . Do n't ever read this book unless you have to like I did for English class !
 This book is long ... no , very long . Can you believe that the plot begins near chapter 33 ? I couldn t. Please , don t waste your time .
 Jane EyreThe book starts out with a young girl , Jane Eyre , living at Gateshed with her late uncle 's wife , Mrs. Reed . Jane 's aunt and her cousins were mean to her growing up . Her aunt sends her to Broklehurst where she attends school till she is 18 . When she leaves the school she gets a job at Thornfield Hall where she is a young girl 's governess . When things take a turn for the worst , Jane leaves Thornfield Hall . While wandering through the streets homeless one night , Jane finally finds something she had been looking for all her life , family.Jane Eyre was not that exciting in my opinion . It was , however , not the most boring book I have ever read . The book was not that eventful . Jane just kept going form place to place . She just talks about how she felt unloved and unwanted . The only thing I did like about the book was the love story that evolved between Jane and another character.I would recommend this book to people ages 15 and up . This book is for those who have a wide range of vocabulary . The author uses words that people may not understand if they do n't have a large vocabulary . I know while I was reading the book , I had questions about some of the words used.R.K .
 JANE EYREBront , Charlotte . Jane Eyre . New York
 Do n't get sucked in by the pretty cover and cheap price -LRB- like I did -RRB- ! This is apparently a printed-on-demand book , and the print font is all but unreadable . I tried , but could hardly get through the first page because of the font . I will be returning this book as soon as I figure out how to do so . There are plenty of other versions of this classic to choose - they 're probably all easier to read than this one .
 while it 's really cheap , the words are very small and there is almost no space between lines ... I would rather just pay a few bucks more and have a more pleasant reading experience .
 Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte was our book club selection for this month . It is a book I had not read since I was in high school . Now I ca n't believe that at one time I plowed my way though the extravagant prose , it must have been because the selection of other romance books was limited.Our edition was large print , for which I was thankful and as a recommendation I 'd suggest a condensed version.Writing style have changed since 1848 , but one item of interest . Early in the book Miss Bronte describe the characteristics of the development of a serial killer as graphically as any modern thriller.Nash Black whose titles are available in Amazon Kindale editions.HaintsSins of the FathersWriting as a Small Business
 ok , I have n't listened to this - the sound of the narrator taking a loud gasp of air at the end of reading each sentence was making my toes curl.And how can you mis-spell the title of the book?Perhaps it 's great , or the sound gets better later , hard to say.All I know is that I could barely get through the preview .
 I ordered this book so that I could write in it for my British Literature class at school . I thought I was going to receive the paperback form of the book and have the correct page numbers that corresponded with the teacher 's copy of the book . Not only was this the hardback version -LRB- which was n't the problem -RRB- , but the top edge of the cover of the book looked like it had been chewed on and the page numbers did n't match up . No where in the description did I see that the book was going to be hardback and in such poor condition . The same thing also happened to my friend who also ordered it from Amazon .
 This book misrepresents itself . We all know the story of Jane Eyre , and it is here in it 's entirety . The issue I speak of is with the actual book itself , not the novel or story . I was looking for a book to start a library for my wife . Jane Eyre is one of her favorite pieces of fiction , but if we were to start a library that we could pass down , the book should be something worth passing down . The cover here caught my eye , simple enough . Utilizing the `` Peek inside '' feature for this specific edition , it notes that it has a cloth bound cover and illustrated interior front and rear pages . Upon receiving the book itself , the cover looks the same , but is not cloth bound and the illustrations are missing . The print is extra large with wide margins . This seems to be more of a textbook or school issue version of the novel than a collector 's item . It makes me wonder if the book is misrepresented by Amazon by mistake or if the book itself has done so . If a collector 's edition of this novel is what you are looking for , stay clear .
 I found the beginning of this book interesting enough , but in my opinion it just went down from there . Unlike the other people who have reviewed this book , I believe that Jane Eyre could have been reduced to half its size . The plot was good , but it was a struggle to finally finish the book . I know , many who have read this might hate me , but I just found the it rather uninteresting . Or maybe I just ca n't appreciate good books , either one . I would n't recommend this .
 The book Jane Eyre was only okay . In the beginning it was very hard to get in to . Nothing interesting really happened until later on in the book . It was also really boring in parts when she described things like the weather . She would go in to so much detail and drag it on forever . There would be pages of her describing one thing . In a way it can be good because you can really make a good picture in your head , but it can get really annoying and boring fast . As the book went on it did seem to pick up a little bit . There were very interesting things actually happening in the book . There were times where I did not want to set down the book . For instance , I liked how the main character , Jane , was n't the rich , beautiful , popular girl . She was plain and simple . I liked this because it is different from most other books . It shows a life about a girl who , like most of us , does not get everything she wants . I really enjoyed that part of the story . I also enjoyed the part when she inherited a lot of money from her uncle . At the same time she learned about three new cousins of hers . Not even knowing them , she split her money . It showed how much she cared about family more than money . That was a good lesson in the book . In another part of the book there is something that goes along with that and that is when Mr. Rochester tells Jane about Adele and her mother . He took care of Adele even though he did not believe that she was even his . That showed some responsibility in Mr. Rochester . However there were a lot of things that happened in the book that I did not like . I did not like Mr. Rochester . He was a selfish liar . It seemed like he was always keeping a different secret and lying about it . He lied to Jane many times but yet they still get married . I thought that was ridiculous . At first I thought Jane was stronger than that , but this really showed how weak she was . She went back to him although he kept lying to her . I mean he had a wife who needed help locked up on the third floor . That seemed a little too crazy to fall in love with a guy who does that . I felt like she got married because she did not want to be so lonely and she did not really care what kind of person it was she did marry . Although , she did know that she did not want to marry Mr. St. John which was a good thing because I do not think that he wanted to marry her for the right reasons . After Jane told him that she did not want to marry him , he went right back to his religion and it did not really bother him . Overall , the book was not the best or anything . It had a couple parts I enjoyed . On the other hand , there were many parts that either bored me or annoyed me .
 Beware when you buy this tape . It employs a technology that is not easily usable . You need a balance dial on your tape player . None of my recently-bought players have this dial . Check your equipment before buying this item or you will find it to be junk .
 I 'm sorry but this was the biggest waste of paper I have ever seen in my life . It is a stupid excuse for a romance novel and I found the long and detailed descriptions of nothing , utterly boring . It is a set text for our school but even our English class could n't bear to read the whole thing so we skimmed chapter by chapter , gave up and watched the film -LRB- which I might add did n't resembled the book at all -RRB- . I am quite well educated , have a good understanding of the english language and apprieciate good books , but I was appalled at this ridiculous fairy story and I believe it should be taken off schools set text lists .
 I truly can not understand why anyone would be awed by Jane Eyre . Charlotte Bronte has trouble explaining the setting of the scenes , for one . Normally , the average reader can comprehend what the setting is like just by reading a few well-written lines . But Bronte bores the reader by over-explaining the setting , as if we needed to know every single detail . Unfortunately , it is this lengthy prose that makes the story itself hard to read . Secondly , the characters are bland , which makes the difficulty even greater . Maybe with livelier characters this novel would be easier to read . Unfortunately , this novel is required reading in certain parts of the nation . This bland , boring novel is not the way to spark reading with young adults .
 I was forced to read this book for summer reading . No ways around it . Upon reading the back page summary , I knew that it would be a grueling torture test in which only the strong willed would surive to the last page . Trudging page by terribe , agonizing page , I read the book over a period of one horrific month . Needless to say , this book ruined the previous exitement I had about reading . This is terrible . Some `` classics '' should not be given to males , as goes for females . Obviously a romance novel should not be given to a male and ask him to enjoy it , as such a brutal police killers book should not be given to a female and expect her to geniunely enjoy it . This book has left a deep scar on my ability to love liturature for the rest of my life and will not be easily healed .
 Do you like incredibly pointless books that serve more as lullibies than useful stories ? Are you a completely uptight , butched feminist ? If you answered `` yes '' to either of the above questions , Jane Eyre is right down your alley . This is required school reading simply because of the weakness of all other female writers ! Bronte is nothing more than a token .
 Jane Eyre is a perfect example of someone with too many things to say . What could be said in two pages is instead said in five to ten . The book 's length could be cut in half at least . All the extra language creates a boring atmosphere that puts me to sleep . If someone has a point they want to get across , they should just spit it out .
 I was forced to read this book for summer reading . No ways around it . Upon reading the back page summary , I knew that it would be a grueling torture test in which only the strong willed would surive to the last page . Trudging page by terribe , agonizing page , I read the book over a period of one horrific month . Needless to say , this book ruined the previous exitement I had about reading . This is terrible . Some `` classics '' should not be given to males , as goes for females . Obviously a romance novel should not be given to a male and ask him to enjoy it , as such a brutal police killers book should not be given to a female and expect her to geniunely enjoy it . This book has left a deep scar on my ability to love liturature for the rest of my life and will not be easily healed .
 THERE IS REALLLY ACTUALLY TWO WORDS THAT I THINK SUMS UP Jane Eyre boring and senseless !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I thought this was one of the slowest moving books I have ever read . Mainly focused on `` romance '' and unappearant drama . The ending to this book is also very predictable , I wo n't say it here because that will give it away . If this book had an unknown date and author I 'd of thought it was another one of those trashy `` love '' novels written by Danielle Steel . Pure crap . The only reason I can find that this novel my even be remotely considered a classic is because it was written by a woman and it is Victorian .
 While I love this book and have reread it many times , I had to give it a low rating because the ebook is missing chapter 25 . My daughter downloaded it for required reading for school and luckily noticed the oversight . I pulled out my well worn paperback so she was able to continue but be aware if you plan on downloading this book .
 Jane Eyre may be enjoyed by older adults -LRB- with a bigger vocabulary , I should add -RRB- , but I had to read this sophomore year and absolutely hated it . This book is very hard to read , and I would n't recommend it to any young readers who does n't have a teacher to help explain . Although it may be a classic , it is one tough book !
 because this book deserves it . I first read it in the 9th grade , and it was literally a struggle to the very end . Summoning all my effort , I laboriously read this book with a lack of interest unsurpassed to this very day . It was useful only when I had trouble falling asleep.Each page of this dull , overly dramatic book felt like an eternity . There are pages upon pages of meaningless and increasingly uninteresting rambling . Plain Jane gains no sympathy from me . Apparently , she enjoys suffering , as evidenced by her constantly changing opinions and the way she strives to make her life more difficult when handed easier options . -LRB- Ex
 I enjoy classic Victorian era romance , and this by far is the worst book I have ever read . I know that Jane 's character was suppose to be `` Plain Jane '' , but I in no way found her endearing . Instead of feeling sorry for all her misfortunes and lack of love , I found myself detesting her character . The plot drags on forever , when really it could be told better in five minutes . It could be romantic , except that the plot is so boring and outlandish , that it overshadows that element . And the supernatural elements of the novel literally made me laugh out loud . I could go on about why I hate this novel , but I do n't want to ruin the story for others .
 After reading Jane Eyre , I was glad to be done with this book . Most women enjoy and appreciate Jane Eyre , but since I am 15 I have a different opinion.Jane Eyre is 641 pages of a woman trying to find herself . Jane , the main character , goes to a charitable school for 1/4 of the book . During school , nothing really happens . Yes , Jane and her classmates are treated poorly , but it did n't hold my attention . The book does pick up until after Jane leaves school.From there Jane meets the love of her life , Mr. Rochester . The only thing about their relationship is Jane is 19 or 20 and Mr. Rochester is almost 40 . I felt that I could not relate to these characters because today such an age difference is looked down upon by people . Of course Jane and Mr. Rochester plan to get married , but Jane finds out about Mr. Rochester 's deepest darkest secret . THEN SHE RUNS AWAY ! What a stupid girl . Jane may have been an independent woman , but big deal ; so many women today are independent . Is that why so many people love this book ? When Jane runs away , this part of Jane Eyre is so unbelievably boring . Jane meets her cousins , but realizes that she still loves Mr. Rochester . Not much happens except Mr. Rochester is blind . Jane and Mr. Rochester get married and live happily ever after.You might love this book , but as I said before I am only 15 and can not appreciate Jane Eyre , the character and the book . If you are a teenager like me do not read Jane Eyre or even waste your time . Maybe if you are older and found your true love , you might love every minute of this book . I recommend if you are young , read a book that takes place during the present , not the past .
 While sloshing through the almost unreadable text of the verbose Charlotte Bronte , one can imagine why she was never married . Do n't get us wrong , it 's not that we do n't understand the underlying themes and the higher level concepts ; they just contain absolutely no relevance whatsoever . The plot , dare we call it that , winds slowly through the 400 + pages of this so-called classic . If you must read it for school-don ` t. You 'd be better off guessing on the test than being utterly confused and bored to tears .
 This book should not be placed in the same class with other `` classic '' authors who deserve their place . This book is a bore , the main character is a whiny cry-baby and the book goes nowhere for a long time . Jane has a very thick skull and all the obvious things fly over her head . This book should not be a classic , and I do not understand why it is one .
 You 've probably heard the expression that a million monkeys typing for a million years eventually will reproduce the works of William Shakespeare . I give `` Jane Eyre '' one monkey , ten minutes.While recognizing Bronte 's derring-do in writing a novel about a homely 17-year-old governess who rejects a virtuous adonis -LRB- St. John Rivers -RRB- for her much older and unattractive employer , this is a book I can not see reading again unless it 's the only way to save a terminally ill relative.This book is a slow read . And I mean slow . A snail ? Greased lightning . Molasses on a cold day ? Quicksilver . Eighth-period study hall in high school on a Friday ? Over in a flash . We 're talking a slow , boring read here , even without the benefit of a high school English teacher 's enthusiasm for ruining literature.The novel chronicles the story of Jane Eyre from her childhood as an orphan up until the birth of her first child . Life was hard for orphans in 19th-century England , particularly when their parents ' marriage was considered improper . Fair enough , I suppose
 I 've never understood why everyone lavishes so much praise on this book . It is the most overrated book ever.One of the most fundamental things a book has to do is hold the reader 's interest , and in this aspect , Jane Eyre fails . To be fair , it is utterly gripping throughout the first ten chapters . After that , the quality of the book falls off sharply . The rapid pace becomes boring repition of having to go through thirty pages of nothing to get to a page or two where something actually happens , then another 30 pages of nothing.It 's kind of a shame really , for a book that started out as well as this one to crash and burn the way it does . But it happens , and what we are left with is a dreadfully boring book that continues to have praise heaped on it for reasons I will probably never fathom .
 I read this book for an english project and I got a 60 % on it cuz I trashed the book . All i said was that the classics are not going to be so appealing to modern `` young '' readers like myself today because the `` novel '' -LRB- not jane eyre , read this literaly -RRB- has suddenly risen so much in content , state and depth . I dunno , perhaps if i was living during that era i would have appreciated the book more , but living in the 90 's where you have authors such as atwood there 's no competition and you really ca n't compare novels written before the 20th century to novels written in the 20th century anyway . Like a majority of the classics , the plot is almost always predictable and characters are indeed relatable but hell , boring ! charles dickens is probably the most boring writer i 've ever come across -LRB- no offence to all u dickens fans out there -RRB- and jane austen comes pretty close to him , though her books have a longer attention span . And the brontes , they 're on the same level . I am not saying that the classics are bad cuz i know that if it were n't for these authors , we 'd be nowhere in literature as we are now . However , my argument in my project was that books have suddenly become more interesting thru the years . Welp , aside from this -LRB- i 'm still mad over my mark btw -RRB- ... Jane Eyre is a book you 'll either like or hate , or sleep over !
 I did not realize the `` collector 's library '' edition of this book would be so small - almost too small to read .
 If you sent JANE EYRE to a publisher today , the response would be , in fancy wording , `` Um , sorry , this is too long and too weird . Boring . Sorry , please try again . '' I 'm 13 , so perhaps I 'm too young to grasp it , but I enjoyed other books which are supposed to be similar , such as Pride and Prejudice.In the 13-year-old vernacular , here 's what was going through my mind : Ew ! Why the heck would she marry that weird , bad-tempered , hairy scary man ? If I found out that my fiance had kept his insane first wife in the attic and not told me , I 'd file for divorce ! He 's bossy , unreasonable and mean . Why 'd he pretend to wan na marry Miss Ingram ? I guess the scandalousness of a governess falling in love with her employer is supposed to keep you interested , but really , it 's dead boring . It 's an okay story , but written so dully that it 's ruined . Why was n't Jane suspicous ?
 I just received this Vintage Classics edition of Jane Eyre , chosen for the striking red cover , only to discover that 50 pages are missing -LRB- 251-298 -RRB- . There is nothing more frustrating than being caught up in a wonderful book and having to come to a screeching halt because of a manufacturer 's error , especially since this was my first time reading Jane Eyre .
 Bronte shows through Jane that sex is Not one of woman ` snecessities . Rochester is ugly , but he has a mind . I wish all womenwere of this opinion .
 I suppose it was an ok book ... It probably had a good moral and all that stuff , but there was about 150 pages of excess crap that I , personally , did n't care about ! It was just a teeny bit to long ... !
 This novel is not as it appears to be . English teachers may praise it , your girlfriends may gush over Rochester , and others `` critically acclaim '' it but I have studied it as a piece of literature as well as an entertaining classic . It is not as fabulous as they say.The protagonist is a quivering -LRB- and excuse the term but I am at a lost for another word at the moment -RRB- nitwit who yearns to be loved . Jane is an orphan who feels as if she would die if nobody loved her and yes , it sounds simplistic but this is exactly what she says . She comes under the employment of Rochester and becomes a governess to a little girl . Meanwhile , she dreams of flaming beds and hears strange noises from the floor above . The splitting of the oak tree during Jane 's engagement to Rochester is just rubbish as a symbol of separation and tragedy . The real tragedy though , is the secret that Rochester keeps and for which , Jane accepts.I am amused by how several people believe that Jane Eyre is a feminist novel . I found Jane to be very comfortable lodged in traditional ideals although she makes an attempt to strike out with her own will . It was a struggle to finish the novel -LRB- had to , or I would fail my English exam -RRB- and to pretend to my enthusiastic teacher that I loved it . If you want real feminism without archaic English , read Carol Shield 's ` Unless ' . If you want melodramatic romance with just a hint of literature , read ` Wuthering Heights ' . If you think that Jane is a misguided feminist , you certainly have to read Jean Rhy 's ` Wide Sargasso Sea ' who portrays Rochester 's secret as a terrible colonial crime.I can understand that some people love this kind of stuff but there are types of people who hate ` Jane Eyre ' - they 're usually into contemporary novels , ask for their heroes or heroine to yearn for something more than love and for somebody to love them , and need metaphors that are more subtle that freakin ' splittin ' oak trees .
 This review has to do with this edition for Kindle . There is no table of contents and no search ability . You can not jump by chapter using the usual button either .
 This was a terrible book to try to follow . I really did n't enjoy it
 O MY WORD COULD A BOOK BE ANY MORE BOOOORING ? I MEAN COME ON ! HOW SHOULD I KNOW WHAT ALL THOSE FRENCH WORDS MEAN ? THE BOOK IS SO HORRIBLE AND IF YOU LIKE IT , THEN FINE , BUT I 'M STATING MY OPINION ! AND I HATE DESTINY 'S CHILD !
 If you are a MALE , and are forced to read this book , do not even attempt to read it . Go with Cliff Notes . If you are a FEMALE , give it a try . The only reason schools asign this is because a woman wrote it . Email me your comments .
 Alright , I admit that I am a student and was forced to read this book.That said , I still do not understand what would ever bring anyone to consider this work remotely good , much less classic . Ms. Bronte 's writing , while properly structured , lacks any ability to move or inspire a reader . Her character -- for there is only one character , the rest are mere background -- is a selfish brat who eternally whines about the unfairness of the world , except of course when that unfairness works in her favor , when she either glories in other 's pain or trying to inflict more upon them . ... Bronte strains one 's gullibility often throughout the novel , especially in its conclusion where she apparrently runs out of ideas and starts inserting magic and telepathy into an otherwise reality-based novel for the purpose of bringing the characters back together . She clumsily tries to blugeon the reader into the appropriate emotional state by cutting out any scene which is not miserable -LRB- including a goodly eight years in which Jane has friends , a good lifestyle , and a promising career -- the author claims they contain `` no significant interest '' -RRB- , and her lack of subtlety has on numerous occasions given me an actual headache.As to the love story - where is it ? The plot of the book consists of two things only
 Irony , in small doses , is n't too bad . In fact , it is sometimes enjoyable . But this book takes irony to the next level . If Dickens ' Tale of Two Cities was ironic , then it 's met it 's match . Mrs. DeFarge also being Little Girl with Bad Past is nothing compared to this . Honestly , what are the chances of stuff like this REALLY happening ? The guy you want to marry just happens to have a crazy lady harbored upstairs , who happens to be his wife ? The people who save you from starvation and death just so happen to be the nearest and dearest relations you have ? Give me a break . Every new twist and turn of the ` unexpected ' plot made me sick . Now , if it just so happened that Mr. Rochester was Jane 's father , and his wife was her sister ... Now that might have sparked a little more interest .
 Alright , this book was god awful . The begining dragged on about how poor and oppressed Jane was it was so cliched that i could 've guessed what was going to happen next . Most all of the characters were two demensional and the plot was basic . This was more of a character development novel then a plot based novel . I 'm not sexist in the least but this is truely a women 's novel . The style was sappy and drawn out , and it was to much of a love story . I 'm not trying to be macho but gentlemen do n't waste your time .
 Jane Erye is a girl who is adopted by a wealthy and mean step-mother . Soon after the book begins she is sent to a boarding school where most of the teachrs and head masters are mean and she is n't taken care of very well . Once she graduates she is hired as a tutor to a wealthy land owner with much to hide . This book reminds of many other stories I have read . The only difference is Jane Erye is much longer and much more boring .
 The book never came , after some email exchange with the seller , no conclusion , I filed a claim with Amazon and got the money back .
 Based on the fact that the average review is 4.5 stars , I 'm going to assume that most of the reviewers have been women . That said , I think I 'll offer a different perspective than the rest of the reviewers . That perspective is that this book is one of the most boring , bland , lifetime-ish wastes of paper known to -LRB- wo -RRB- man . To give an example of what I mean , it takes 3 CHAPTERS to lead up to the failed wedding ! The author goes into great detail describing every little minute insignificant meaningless thing that happens -LRB- such as a chapter for her to say she did n't want Rochester 's gifts -RRB- - and it takes her 20 frickin pages to say that she 's leaving a guy . Somehow , this got to be considered a literary classic about feminine empowerment . Just do n't complain about guys liking stuff like Die Hard and football games and not being in touch with their feminine side after having to read -LSB- stuff -RSB- like this in English class .
 I had to read this when I was a Junior in high school . It was the worst book I have ever read . It was long and boring . The aurthor took about 3 sentences to explain something that could have been done in one sentence . I feel bad for the kids who have to read this . Good luck and find the clif notes !
 I have to read this book for English and I ca n't stand it . I struggle through about twenty pages at a time , and then drop the book in boredom . I think it is interesting that all the girls in my class have absolutely no problem with it . My judgement is not entirely fair because I despise romance novels , but unless you want a book where there is only one exciting scene , and a short one at that , avoid this book !!! If you are assigned this book , however , do n't panic ... there are always `` Cliff 's Notes '' : -RRB-
 So in the past I 've read many books like this but I just do n't have the willpower to finish reading this one . it is still unfinished right now and I have absolutely desire to finish it . I believe the story is really slow paced , I do n't see the connection between the two , and the story did n't provoke anything at all in me that made me curious as to how it ended . over all I give this book a big thumbs down .
 Ok . Just started . Hope navigation gets easier . I like the concept of listen and move about . . do not like the need to review ...
 Ladies and gentlemen , readers of all ages , I express my sheer condolences if I offend anyone from what I am about to write
 While there are wonderful characters and a somewhat clever plot , this book gets very boring ! The main thrill of the novel is just a written account of most girls ' dream of becoming the wife of a man to whom they are truly in love -LRB- OK , so Jane had some hardships along the way too ... ;--RRB- -RRB- . Of course , Jane is very independent and has no exceptionally good looks , so the story may be considered an inspiration to the female culture 's wish of being respected for what is inside ... ? I found it an inspiration to go to bed a little sooner .
 Oh , how Jane Eyre was such a boring read ! But , of course , I 've never been a little girl , the target audience for this story . It reads like a diary , without the `` Dear diary , ... '' part a nd covers Jane 's life - as imagined by young Charlotte . I only read it for a literature class .
 i got this book for free and i only read the first couple of pages and i was immediately uninterested in it . . so much that i fell asleep during class when i was reading it
 Maybe Jane Eyre is just not ment to be a book for teens , but whatever the case ... I found it the worst book I ever read . Jane Eyre , like all other books , has it 's good parts . . But most of the time , it was just plain dull . Deffiantly do n't read it if you are a teen simply looking for an exciting read . This book is a dull and boring young adult book ... But maybe thats just my opinion .
 The Truth About Jane EyreThe novel , Jane Eyre , by Charlotte Bronte begins with a littlegirl , named Jane Eyre , who lives with her cruel aunt in Gateshed . Heraunt , Mrs. Reed , later sends Jane to a school called Lowood , whereshe bonds with a girl named Helen . After she finishes school , shereceives a job as a governess in a place called Thornfield for a younggirl named Adele . Jane begins to fall in love with the owner ofThornfield , Mr. Rochester , but with much controversy . She discoversmany secrets about his past life that puts a strain in theirrelationship . All in all , I felt this novel was aseptic , boresome , anddry.If you are seeking a dull , dry novel to read , this is a book foryou . I was always waiting for something exhilarating to occur , but itnever did . If Jane Eyre does seem interesting , I suggest renting themovie , it is n't half bad because many of the tedious parts of the novelwere cut out . I felt the novel was too descriptive , and made you fallasleep.I suggest this novel to someone looking for something to putthem asleep , or maybe someone with insomnia . The novel isprobably most read by ninth or tenth graders who were forced to readthe novel from their teachers . I chose to read this book , which was abig mistake that I hope you do n't make .
 or engaging , or involving , or insightful or brilliant.Jane Eyre is not a book that is celebrated because of its overwhelming greatness , but because it was ` dared ' to be written in the 19th century - by a woman , no less , and contained female sexuality at a time when any sexuality was rather frowned upon.Well , I am all for the courage and the steps forward taken in writing this book , but that doesnt mean its particularly interesting , absorbing , or anything else that makes it worth your while , or anyone elses.I can , and have , read such classics as ' A Tale and Two Cities ' , other works by Dickens , ` The Scarlet Pimpernel ' , etc. . All those books were of the same period but at least were quite interesting and over all a great experience.Jane Eyre is neither.All of the dreary symbology -LRB- chestnut tree , mad wives , mansions burning down -RRB- and all of the prophetic dreams do nothing to prop this book up . Charlotte Bronte makes ghosts seem dull and spirits and fairies positively mind-numbing . All of Jane Eyre 's encounters are couched in a style thats drier and staler than moldy bread . Fire ? Murder ? wild spirits ? its all here . But none of it is the least bit worthwhile to read.In the end , we have a heroine that has wandered from place to place and eventually settles down ith her past love , Rochester , once he has ` redeemed ' himself by his courage in trying to save his mad wife -LRB- in the attempt he loses his sight and an arm -RRB- . In typically fairy tale fashion , Rochester gains his sight back . I have a suspicion that he would have grown another arm if we gave hima few more years.The book that Jane Eyre reminds me most of is ` The Scarlet Letter ' . If anything , this is more boring.This dull , mind-numbing book is about as entertaining as watching fungus grow . The fact that its riddled with ` deep symbology ' makes it not one bit more interesting .
 Excuse me ? Is this edition a joke?I enjoyed Jane Eyre quite thoroughly , and I will not summarize the plot here . It has been done elsewhere . This review concerns this particular edition.Perhaps I might be harsh , but it looks to me as if Dame Darcy paid a fifth grader to do the illustrations in this book . She could use some serious formal training . Perhaps she was attempting to capture some type of gothic element in her illustrations , but these poor , poor drawings do not enhance -LRB- in fact they serve as a detriment to -RRB- the beautiful language of charlotte bronte 's work . They really are quite terrible , heavy-handed drawings ; Darcy really should bruch up on her pen work.Perhaps they were executed under serious time constraints ? Perhaps all she had access to were cheap bic pens and a half used crayola water color set ? Perhaps Penguin books was looking for an illustrator to do these illustrations for dirt cheap and she ? There are n't really any other excuses for the quality of the paltry illustrations in this edition .
 When this book came it was supposed to be &#34; gently used &#34; but as I was reading it , the binding kept falling apart . And the pages were completely sun-baked and brittle which made them tear really easily . I was not happy with this purchase .
 I was forced to read this for english because apparently that 's what it takes to be somebody in life . -LRB- Sarcasm at its finest . -RRB- I would rather stare at a Big Mac than read this book , and I ca n't stand McDonalds . Obviously , no one will read this book for pleasure , or at least no one I want to know . It 's your money . Do what you want with it .
 I liked the ending of the bok , and the fact that Jane , in the end , finds happiness . The begining was too slow for me though . If you want to know what this book is about , you should read it !!
 Okay , when I first read it , I absolutely hated it . Maybe because me too was expecting Jane Austen . But it has some good things
 i thought this book was really boring . it was sad in the end , but it took so long to get to that part
 I know this book is one of the classics , and that it should n't be missed as a piece of literature from the period . I have tried to finish it on multiple occasions , but every time I read about Mr. Rochester keeping his first wife locked in the attic and trying to marry Jane without telling her about the wife in the attic , I want to throw the book across the room . Jane herself is n't a terrible character , and I found myself growing to like her during her early years . It 's just Rochester that I absolutely can not stand .
 This book stinks . Who writes this stuff ? Come on , who cares about the 1800 's , much less the stale , stifled personalities in them?Give me a good car explosion or a towering inferno . ` Nuff said .
 The only thing less exciting than this book would be watching paint dry.Stuffy english characters abound in this failed attempt to be Dickens-esque .
 When I ran across this title , and its lack of negative comments , I had anything but a loss for words . I will save you the bulk of my complaint , suffice it to say
 I 'm just not a fan of classics . I only read it because it was free . Maybe an English major would appreciate it more .
 Do n't get me wrong , Jane Eyre is one of my favorite books . However , this version of Jane Eyre has millions of footnotes so you are forced to constantly flip back and forth to see if the footnotes are saying anything useful.When the character Adele is speaking paragraphs of French , they do n't bother translating it for you but they will gleefully tell you what 's going to happen one-hundred pages later in the book.Reading this version of Jane Eyre is like watching a movie with an over-enthusiatic friend who keeps talking through the whole movie and telling you what 's going to happen . If you 're going to read Jane Eyre , I would reccomend different version
 When I picked up this book , I was expecting Jane Austen , and instead had to contend with the foul Bronte way of writing
 If I wanted something to remind me of the Victorian Era , I 'd go to Ethan Allen . Freud could have fixed that psychotic period in british history
 This book was one of the worst two weeks of my life . The book had no plot and no interesting conflicts ... and i HAD to read it for a high school English class ... I would not reccomend this book to anyone and if you listen to alot of the ratings above that rate it good , they 're obviously English teachers ...
 One of the worst books I have ever read in my entire life , Jane Eyre is an abomination to literature . It was extremely difficult to get through the book because not only was the plot an absolute bore , the characters also contributed to that boredom.After reading the book twice , trying to comprehend what was the point of the story , I still have yet to understand why Charlotte Bront even bothered writing this book . From what I can interpret , Jane Eyre is a girl who is lonely and dejected but finds love in a man called Mr. Rochester . Everything that happened in the middle is not significant . The story is extremely boring because it is too sentimental , too dull -LRB- just like Jane Eyre -RRB- , and too long for a story with that plot line . What the characters say or do have no lasting effect in the reader 's memory - it just blows right by . The characters are basic and have superficial , unoriginal motives . They do not do anything exciting or significant to help add to the plot . I kept skipping pages or rereading the same stuff because each and every page seems identical content-wise . The entire book has absolutely no memorable moments , proving how insignificant the work of literature truly is . Reading the book is a world of pain.If you are thinking about picking up this book and reading , save yourself the time and money , and go read something else worthwhile .
 Reading this book was about as pleasant as a throwing knife to the face . I am going to be a senior in high school next year , and I just finished this book for my summer assignments for AP Literature . I literally took a victory lap around my house upon completion . I HATED this book . It was boring and rather pointless . No one cares about the romantic struggles of a fake character . This is basically the chick flick of books . I honestly believe this is the worst book I 've ever read . I encourage everyone with a Y chromosome to stay as far away from this book as possible.By the way , this is Rebecca 's son , which explains my disgust for this book .
 While cultural pundits try to convince you that some literature is better than other literature , the truth is that all art is relative to individial tastes . Thus , it does n't make any sense to think that a novel like this one is really any better than say , Michael Crichton or Stephen King . Aesthetic standards ca n't be grounded.Thus , do n't listen to anyone who tries to distinguish between `` serious '' works of literature like this one and allegedly `` lesser '' novels . The distinction is entirely illusory , because no novels are `` better '' than any others , and the concept of a `` great novel '' is an intellectual hoax .
 Perhaps this book requires a re-read , but I found this novel to be full of meaningless drivel . The characters to me were uninspiring , there was not enough real heartache that you felt . The characters were simply underdeveloped . The plot with St. John seemed uterally meaningless to me.This is one of my least favourite books -- there was no substance , no overwhelming theme . Nothing to be learned from this book .
 I have to read this for my summer assignment , its due in 3 days , but Im not gon na read it ... why ? it looks dry as hell ... so my advice ? dont read it !
 This has to be one of the most rediculous books I have ever decided to read . The is no relevancy to anything , the character may have been an influecial person in the 1800 's but not now . Sure read this book , but only if you a really intrested in romantic novels of the 1800 's .
 My freshman year in high school I had to read over the summer the book Jane Eyre . The language was so hard to understand and comprehend . I had a dictionary next to me looking up words every two minutes . The characters were extremely boring and the ending had no point to it ! Everybody in my high school hated this book . We complained to the teachers that this book was so bad . It was a 200 page book that is supposedly a classic!I do not understand why high schools make people read these types of books . Nobody wants to read the book because it is not interesting to a teenager . Yeah , maybe it 's a classic , but give us something interesting to read ! The book is written in like old English , so I feel that when I 'm done reading I have an accent when I speak ! So basically if you have to ready this book , I 'm so sorry because it is the worst book I have ever read !
 I bought this book to try to relate to old classic books but it was boring and I did n't even finish it . But that is just me and I do n't like these types of books , but it was free , and you might like it , so it ca n't hurt .
 I purchase Jane Eyre on a whim . Wanted to get out of the genre I had been reading and decided on a classic . Maybe it is because it is out of my `` comfort zone '' but I could not get into reading this book .
 I do n't know how I missed reading Jane Eyre before this , and fully expected to love every moment of the book . But despite my best efforts I was relieved when I finished it . I felt that somehow it had n't aged well . -LRB- Of course I am quite prepared to accept that this is a fault in me and not in Charlotte Bront !! -RRB-
 The secret to enjoying Jane Eyre is to read the first two thirds , and then stop . If you ignore that advice , you might conclude that a woman &#8217; s ideal role is something akin to slavery
 It was boring and filled with doodoo and i didnt like it at all and it sucks and i hate jane
 Classic novel , great price but the print is from the top to bottom of page and very unappealing to read !
 This book made me cringe . I have not been this let down in ways I could not even comply bivieve . @
 This was a set book for school , and I hated it . A whinny , annoying main character who spends the whole book feeling sorry for herself and moaning in misery , then falls in love with a dark , depressing , manipulative old man and ca n't get over him , so she gives up her life to take care of him . THIS is a model for feminism ? Who wants to bet that if a man had written this , you 'd never hear about it ?
 I guess because it was the Christmas season or something , but this and Pride and Prejudice never came . I got my other books but not those two .
 horrible book specially bcuz the language was weird . i remcommend this book to old fashioned people . la la la la
 Although I hate to douse such a highly acclaimed story with a lowly single star rating , I can say with certainty that `` Jane Eyre '' was by far the worst novel I have ever read.I can see how followers of Romantic love stories would find this legnthy tome a lovely and engaging read . However when it is forced down the throats of unwilling English students , Bronte 's ultra-quixotic plot , and seemingly incessant need to detail the most superficial minutia only add to the painful legnth of the novel.By page 400 , I had become so tired of Jane 's apathetic nature , I was indifferent to the outcome , so long as it came swiftly .
 Despite the fact that this is a classic -LRB- or considered to be a classic -RRB- and , of course , very well written , I ca n't understand why someone would cherish Jane Eyre 's character.I do n't want to give away the story for those that did n't read it . All I say is that there was an Anti-Semitic comment by Jane Eyre in the middle of the book that turned me down . I started to doubt Jane 's moral and could not recover from that ignorant statement . I finished the book just to know how that story would end . I do n't have any admiration for the character .
 It seems that the basic purpose of the character Jane Eyre is to suffer nobly and then eventually succeed . Both elements are highly problematic as presented . Her noble suffering acts to undermine her actual character , making someone that reacts the same to most of the challenges -- stoic , determined , largely silent , resigned . This required attitude makes her too much of a blank slate , too reactive , with insufficient personal details to be memorable or seem like a complex psychological portrait . One gathers that Bronte was trying to subvert common norms in representation of woman , by making Jane a lot plainer and less accomplished than was the usual style . She may have made a major improvement in this , and as discussed below there are some interesting elements to all this , but the basic result undercuts the character 's agency too much . Jane can work as a symbol , she does not work as a person , and the novel is too deeply linked to her consciousness for that to be a passable loss.As well there are major pacing issues and apparent questions on the larger arc , with much of the first hundred pages and the last hundred and fifty being off-tangent to the necessary interactions for the particular story . Still , it was hardly the worst or most difficult work to get through . For much of the first two hundred pages I found it moderately enjoyable , without thinking it was very good . I was reading it as a dark comedy , framed by a blank protagonist in a fundamentally ridiculous situation . The humor -- genuine though presumably unintended -- came from the contrast of the stylized language forms and general etiquette focus and how cruelly people acts . See in particular the treatment of Jane in the devil child scene , in the way that 's she stiffly defends herself as opposed to how the school argues she 's a literal follower of the devil , and how that 's a bad thing . Amusing , in a twisted sense , at least as I took it.Where I stopped being able to do this was precisely the point that the horrid and creepy Mr. Rochester became crucial to the story . He was a fundamentally twisted , harsh and disturbing person in his own right , and the eventual arc of the book where Jane does marry him and this is apparently a good thing fatally undermines the book . The way Jane plods on is problematic in itself , but it 's what he ultimately plods to that is truly wrong . Rochester 's focus on pride and control , his lies , his age , his borderline-deranged manner of fixating on women , the fact we have only his own word on the true story with his first wife , all these make Jane 's eventual marriage with him very far from a happy thing . Yet the book seems insistent to regard it in this light , as if Rochester 's injury has in itself transformed his character enough that Jane waiting on him for the rest of his life a satisfying resolution . It 's the ending scenario that makes the conclusion of the author and the whole structure of the narrative less than even good.Nevertheless , the novel is an accomplishment in a number of ways . That it exists at all , that early in the nineteenth century a woman could be published . Furthermore , it 's extraordinary that she was able to include so centrally in her work a protest and anger against the systemic condition of women of her time , and that both elements have been perpetuated down into the present . Creepy as some of the above subtext is , that 's a worthwhile development amidst what was a pretty terrifyingly close-minded century.There 's also some interesting stuff at work with religion , class and attitudes in the nineteenth century context , Jane occupying a bit of a hybrid position in all of these , not affluent nor truly destitute , not tightly religious or a firm skeptic . The hybridity of her position is very revealing to a lot of norms that we might not see in novels of the period , as her very existence in the text portrays social structures even while it undermines them . Jane Eyre the character and book are transgressive in certain ways , then , and the way this plays out is interesting . Yet , I find this appealing and informative more in my hat as historian than as a reader . The book is quite revealing of the cultural context of the author , but that 's going to be the case for almost every book ever published , and it 's notably less effective in framing the context for its invented narrative , cast of characters , and atmosphere . I could forgive a lot more in this book , and even come to value much of it , if it were n't for that ending that pushes the whole thing into a disturbed romance . However the book does , and so let it rest.Jane Eyre reminds me of and is better than
 The book was pretty good until I reached the very last chapter . Then I was utterly disgusted . This woman had me feeling horrible for her and what she was going through only to find out at the end that her baby was born addicted to crack . HELLO ???!!!! The only way this can happen is if SHE was the crack addict and not the husband !!!! I have no sympathy for this lying manipulative woman who is now whoring her story for money . Research the facts , a baby can not be born addicted to crack unless the mother has been using it ! I feel no remorse for this woman and threw the book away immediately . I want my money back . This woman is a liar and gets no sympathy from me . Her kids deserved to be taken from her .
 I must agree that this book was very hard to put down and that the author 's messages to the reader are truly inspiring and moving . However , if you are like me , and are very analytical when it comes to reading , it seems as though the author 's message is lost somewhere along the line when she does not turn out to be the `` martyr '' she portrays herself to be . -LRB- SPOILER ALERT ... do n't read on if you do n't want to know what happens ! -RRB- Initially , you feel sorry for the author and understand where she is coming from ... you want to sympathize with her as she always looks for the good in people . However , as the book progresses , you realize that the author is just as irresponsible as the crack addict himself . She goes along through the book , pointing out what a `` bad '' man he is all the while skipping and glossing over her own obvious issues as if there is nothing wrong with them . This author has had 3 children out of wedlock with 3 different men -LRB- did they ever actually get married or was it a common-law marriage -RRB- . Not once does she ever mention that perhaps this was irresponsible -LRB- oops . . she `` got '' pregnant ! -RRB- Now I 'm no fuddy duddy but this preaching of hers is completely clouded by her obviously un-Christian lifestyle . The clincher is the obvious addiction of her own ... spending . The minute she gets any money in her hands , she is out buying clothes , cars , shoes , getting her hair done . It never stops . She also glosses over her past battles with alcoholism and has a baby born addicted to crack in the end . I agree a woman should treat herself once in a while but come on ... if your crack addict husband is blowing all of your money and you were pregnant , would n't you be saving for a rainy day ? Maybe he is n't the only irresponsbile one ... I lost my sympathy for her character as soon as I realized she had her own demons she refused to acknowledge yet expected him to change . Huge disapointment .
 I bought this book , started reading , was amazed it ever got published , put it down , picked it up again and reconfirmed my opinion . I thought the writing was simple and pedantic . Her story did n't add up in some cases . -LRB- she 's slicing him up in the kitchen and her brother does n't wake up ? , -RRB- It spoke to a limited group , primarily black women living in the hood . I work with these women , they 're not going to read this book . I found the vernacular to be pandering . There was no hope in this book . I found myself more frustrated than connected with the author . I wanted to hear about her journey of self-discovery , God-discovery and all I read was `` poor me '' .
 I do n't mean no disrespect to the author . I think she had good intentions for writing this book . I just think that as a writer , she missed the mark.After reading the reviews , I went out and bought the book , expecting a good read . What I got instead was a preachy self help book.I think that this book is good for people who may have had problems with drugs or have with dealt with addicted spouses . But for those of us who are looking for a good read , this is not the book for you . It 's not a page turner , it not a book you try to stay up late to finish reading . In fact , I did n't even finsh reading the book . The preachy messages after the diary entries were just too annoying and distracting . The messages should have been saved for the ending or epilogue.For an exciting novel about drugs , I would recommend Crack Head by Lisa Lennox or Harlem Girl Lost . Both of these books were excellent .
 I purchased Snowbound Mystery because I was looking for an exciting book for a very young advanced reader , with age-appropriate content . The Boxcar Children series appeals to most children so I purchased Snowbound Mystery without realizing that it was a comic book format . The child was disappointed and so was I . This book would be a good choice for the reluctant reader ; a child who is overwhelmed by the number of pages in a book and a lot of print . A child who loves to read will find this book a disappointment . I should have read the description more carefully .
 I only bought this book because of the horse racing connection . My guess is that the author has never been to a horse race in her life , much less done any adequate research on training and what it takes to become a jockey . Even for the reader without any knowledge of the horse racing industry , this is a very poorly written book , the ending is something a child would come up with , the characters evoke no emotion whatsoever from the reader , and their development is non-existent .
 No empathy for the characters , no knowledge of horses or horse racing and the book was difficult to follow.Do not read this book if you love horses or horse racing . It has little to do with any of it and it is very obvious that Fern did not do much research into either .
 I agree with some of the other reviews.There is hardly any empathy for any of the characters , especially for one of the main characters at the end of the book . Oh , and horse knowledge ? There is no way a Kentucky Derby would end as it did here . I do n't want to give it away ... but for starters , lets just say a horse does not cross over a finish line . . but under a finish wire.The line of characters was also confusing , but I eventually figured it out.However if you are like me , a book with horses in it at all keeps me entertained .
 UGH ! How insulting this book is . If the plot got any more simplistic , I do n't think that I could have finished the book . Oh wait , I did n't finish the book . There really was nothing to the few chapters that I did read . Would I recommend it ? Not a chance . Generally I like Fern Micheals , but this is a book that should never have been released . Does she think we are all simpletons ?
 Kentucky Sunrise follows the families of Kentucky through another run at the Derby . I found the story hard to follow and the characters did not have any depth . There was no empathy for the plight of the family members and tangetial stories that distracted from what I think was the main plot . Defintely would not recommend reading this one unless you 're on the beach without anything else in your bag .
 I started reading this book way back in August and I 've been reading it for over a month and still have n't finished it . This book is trash ! A horse just does n't go to the Derby without prior prep races . They usually have a two year old season and then they have prep races in their three year old season and if they are lucky the horse makes it to the Derby . Another major flaw is that jockeys would NEVER ride their first race in the Derby . Jockeys start out riding at the bottom ranks and work their way up to the bigger stakes races as they improve . I still ca n't figure out why this author would write on a subject they had no experience .
 It seems that all you need today is to have the patience to write a full-length novel - the talent and original ideas come in a poor second and third . This book is horribly written , the plot is cliche , the characters are selfish and hard to relate to , and Ms. Michaels has added the final insult of not researching her topic . She knows nothing about horse racing , horses , or Las Vegas.I think , besides all of the errors , that the thing that bothered me the most about this book was the stupid names of the characters . Pyne , Birch , Fanny , Willow , Hatch Littletree , even a Monica Lepinsky . This is drivel and should never have been published .
 I picked up Kentucky Sunrise at the library hoping to find a new author I would enjoy . I am a Kentucky girl and grew up around horses . I will say that Ms Michaels knows horses but she left me utterly confused about the motivation of her human characters . Maybe I need to read the preceding stories so that I will understand why the characters behave the way they do , but the plot development in this book was very difficult to follow . And the epilogue at the end made absolutely no sense unless it was the setting for the next book in the series . I am not motivated to go and read the first two books in this series and would not recommend Kentucky Sunrise .
 This book is terrible . The characters are scattered and impossible to follow , the plot -LRB- what plot ? -RRB- is horribly scripted , and it 's a complete waste of money and time . I 'd been considering reading it for some time , and now I 'm sorry I spent money on it.If you 're looking for a good horse story/mystery read Tami Hoag 's DARK HORSE . Tami Hoag KNOWS horses ... she 's an avid competitor herself . Fern Michaels obviously knows nothing about horses or horse racing . She 'd be better off writing Harlequin Romance novels ... they are short and it would be much less painful .
 This is the first Fern Michaels book I 've read , just picked it up on a whim . Absolutely no depth to the characters ! Very hard to follow . Half way through the book and I do n't even care how it ends ! The dialogue feels like it was written by a 2nd grader . One star may be one too many !
 I ca n't speak for the previous books in the series -LRB- Kentucky Rich -RRB- as perhaps the early story of Nealy was better , but this book drove me nuts ! I only kept reading to find out if they would race the Derby , and that was a pathetic short part of the book.Are we supposed to LIKE Nealy or feel a connection to her ? God , what a horrible mean and controlling woman -- famous jockey or no . I did n't like the rest of the family much either . No humor whatsoever . No romance either . The only characters I felt even some humor/connection/likability for were two of the minor ones , Willow and Jake . Shame.Apparently Fern Michaels has written a number in this series , and all I can say is why ?
 I read the entire Kentucky series and was horribly disappointed by how it ended . I 'm an avid reader but have n't been this disappointed by a series ... ever . Michaels spends the entire time redoing the personalities of her previous characters and makes them seem more narcissistic and selfish than in the first two books . She also obviously knows little about horse racing , but I had this figured out by the first book . Do n't waste your time ...
 I ordered all three books in the series as books on tape . Because my commute is a long one I suffered through all three books . I have to say I have rarely seen characters more narcissistic , clueless and selfish . Finding a character I could even root for was daunting.I would not waste my time with this sad group of characters . The whole series was like watching a train wreak , only not that exciting .
 This is the only book in this series I 've read and I thought Neely was horrible !! She was selfish and controlling and clearly had no love for her husband or her children . She was just obsessed with her horses and owning the family farm , etc. . I thought she was a horrible person . I can deal with characters who have flaws they need to deal with , but she had no redeeming qualities at all . It was an awful book , in my opinion .
 A terrible finale to what was otherwise a good series . Why was n't Smitty or Ruby and Metexas mentioned more then in passing ? Seems like Fern Michaels was just tired of this series . And who `` they '' are was never adequately explained . I do n't feel like listing everything else with this book . It could 've , and should 've been much better . I was tremendously disappointed . Waste of money . Do n't buy it , you 're better off calling it quits after the second book .
 The wrong book was sent to me . I wanted the new vension of the kingdom agenda . But it came on time . Thanks.-Augusta Iduoze
 This book was not very informative . They talked about the same stuff they talk about in interviews . The author did a very poor job in writing . The pictures were n't the greatest . I felt this was a waste of my money .
 This book was highly uninformative . It had 0 information and the pictures looked like something out of a children 's book .
 I dont ' think they should have put out a biography with so little to tell . YEAH < there FAMOUS WHOOWHOO so is everyone in this world . But they called it the OFFICIAL BOOK and they were only famous INTErNATIONALLY for like 6 months or something . NOT COOL >
 I did n't like this book because it had no point to it . It did n't have any facts at all . It was a total disappointment .
 When my book club decided to read The Glass Key , I thought it would be a fun change from the literary , often depressing books we sometimes choose . I was wrong . We unanimously hated it . None of us cared one hoot about who did it or to whom or why . Not only that but the writing was at times laughable . Here are only a few of my favorite passages : `` Presently a path came under his feet . '' `` Ned Beaumont looked , with brown eyes wherein hate was a dull glow that came from far beneath the surface , at the card players and began to get out of bed . '' `` Knocking sounded on his door . '' `` Madvig addressed to another man a question having to do with the size of the campaign contribution to be expected from a man named Hartwick . `` Obviously writing was n't the talent Lillian Hellman saw in him .
 This book is overpriced and almost useless . It only serves as eye candy for someone with exposure to the petrographic microscope . Outside of pictures it contains terse explanations and alot of blank wasted space .
 I agree with the reviewer from Fairbanks
 Color Atlas of Rocks and Minerals in Thin Section with Student Survey SetMaybe it is just me , but when I think of `` student survey set '' in conjunction with a small paperback priced at over $ 70.00 , I am expecting to get a few thin sections that I can view under a polarizing light microscope ... What I really received with the book was a marketing survey - something you would have to pay me to fill out - not something that I would ever pay money to receive ... grrr.As far as the text , I like it , but will likely return the one I ordered `` with the student survey set '' , and find a less expensive used version . Like another reviewer said - it is just the basics . I did like that the author refers the reader to other pages in his text , if there is a chance that the reader is not familiar with a term used . For example , '' ... Becke Line -LRB- see page 20 -RRB- '' . This atlas does not have as many different samples represented -LRB- about 30 -RRB- compared to around 100 for the Atlas of rock-forming minerals in thin section by W.S. Makenzie & C. Guilford , but the color in the images is more brillant , and I wanted a reference that I could compare a `` rock '' thin section image to a `` mineral '' thin section ... I 'm not sure there is much of a difference since minerals are always in rocks anyway , but comparing an Olivine-rich Basalt from Greenland in the Guilford version to just plain Olivine in the Adams version -LRB- both samples are from Greenland -RRB- , the images are different . That is what I was hoping to accomplish by purchasing both books - a chance to see how one mineral 's appearance can vary.The W.S. MacKenzie & Guilford atlas is even more expensive , but at least it does not try to pass itself off as coming with a `` student survey set '' . I think the best idea is to look for both of these books used , or go with the Philpott book that another reviewer mentions .
 I bought this book with high hopes that it would help me study for the CRC . I am afraid to use it because it is so outdated . My book is copyrighted 2003 , but it has not been updated . There are terms that have n't been politically correct for years . Technology and the way Rehab counselors use technology has changed drastically and a study guide really needs to address this . The book is question/answer format , but there is no feedback about why an answer is correct . There are plenty of other study guides out there , not to mention a free one on the Internet , that would be much more helpful than this .
 I have read , or tried to read , a number of books by RJ Stewart , yet unfortunately I continue to find them invariably flat and dull . I found this book , ostensibly about the `` Living Magical Arts '' , to rather accomplish a deadening of Magic . Appalachian folk wisdom says , `` If you would walk the Witches ' way , observe with care the child at play '' , but Stewart has no use for the wisdom of children , and prefers that of the adult scientific mind.Clearly there are some who benefit from his work , and I tend to think that they , like Stewart , are by nature more practical , sensate , scientifically or intellectually oriented , and rather `` basic . '' Though Stewart does say that Magic ca n't be intellectually or conceptually presented , yet he sadly does just that , and kills off any magic that might have existed in this book by trying to present it intellectually and conceptually , and taking a possessive , narrow view of it . To read Stewart , you 'd think that anyone with a view on Magic that did n't mesh with Stewart 's own dull view , was a deluded idiot . For Stewart , magic simply MUST be part of a `` tradition '' , can not be discovered on one 's own or `` made up '' , and takes an onerous and overwhelming amount of practice and work to develop . Forget sigils or symbols , too
 I found this book as disappointing as The Prayer of Jabez book . I also felt I was re-reading sections from her husband 's book in her book ; his words were just changed around a bit . There was nothing new nor were any original ideas presented in the book.She makes reference on why God loves to answer such a prayer as the Jabez prayer . Does that mean that God does not answer other kinds of prayers , and only chooses `` prayers such as ... ? '' I think not . She talks of women being very fearful and giving up on miracles in their lives . Well , thoughts have energy and if one constantly thinks fearful thoughts , then fear shows up in our lives . If one does not believe in miracles happening , then they wo n't . Ernest Holmes , in his ministry , stated , `` Change your thoughts , change your life . '' Jesus was able to do what he did , not only because of his faith , but also because of the power of his thoughts . Faith is a huge concept.The feeling I get after reading this book is that if one says this prayer then the miracles unfold . If one does n't believe , or is skeptical , or has negative thoughts , their lives will not change . The author also talks about supporting one 's husband . How about the husband supporting his wife 's career ? It works both ways and spousal support is not just `` one '' way . Have I stepped back into the 50 's here ? Satan is also mentioned in her book , which , in my review of the Prayer of Jabez , is getting old . We have free will , which God has given us . Our choices need to be held accountable by the person who made them and not blamed on someone else.She also makes reference that we have to realize that Jesus died for payment our sins and once we accept that we are saved . I think not . God 's Spirit is with us always and if one does or does not accept the above statement , it does not mean that God will not bless us . We are God 's expression on earth . We are already whole and complete and we are loved always . I am really tired of reading `` Christian '' books where the guilt it constantly laid on . This book also does not talk about a forgiving and loving God , which is very disappointing.She also talks ad nauseum on fear , on women 's fears . Sure we all have fears , but again we either give into them or change them . It makes me wonder that as a minister 's wife , she is so filled with fear , where is her supportative husband ? Does she feel that insecure ? Has her husband not helped to boost her self-confidence or has she been put down and made to feel insecure . Makes one wonder.This book was just as bad as the original , if not worse . Another disappointment .
 It takes a narcissist of tremendous proportions to foist this scrapbook off on an unsuspecting public . On the plus side , Cokie Roberts does more than her usual cut and paste from the work of others in From This Day Forward . When not pulling from the work of others , Cokie -LRB- and the compliant Steve -RRB- offer up tidbits that are supposed to inform the reader how s/he too can have a great marriage.Apparently the basic rule for a successful marriage is to live in your own little world the way kooky Cokie does . I doubt she realizes how racist she comes off in parts of the book . -LRB- Yes , Cokie , condescension is a form of racism . -RRB- Or how laughable most will find her book . Reading of the great `` trauma '' of her life , you realize this is someone who has n't experienced many character building moments in her life . The great `` trauma '' ? Learning that her new employer would n't provide a limo and that Cokie would have to take taxis around NYC . Oh , the horror ! Oh , the shame ! How did Cokie ever survive ? -LRB- Had she been told to take the subway , one gets the impression Roberts would have called it quits right then . -RRB- A vapid celebration of what appears to be a vapid marriage is n't necessarily shocking -- what 's shocking is that Cokie -LRB- and husband Steve -RRB- put their names to it . Had a child offered this slight volume as a souvenir to a wedding anniversary , we all would have `` oooh `` ed and `` aaaawe `` d over it . But for grownups to write such a book about themselves is the height of narcissism.The book works best as anthropological study of When Gigantic Egos Mate .
 A boring book filled with narratives , possibly copied from an encyclopedia , about historical figures . Apparently , stories from their own lives could only fill a few chapters of this book .
 Anything that might be learned from this book was instantly negated when Cokie Roberts called 20,000 + people in Palm Beach County stupid .
 I think that Ms. Roberts is less than inspiring . She called 20,000 American citizens `` stupid '' on national television -LRB- David Letterman , 11/9/00 , regarding the voters of Palm Beach County , FL -RRB- . Is this a woman who should be giving inspiration to the masses ? I think not . Ms. Roberts behavior is offensive and reprehensible . She must be called on to retract her statement . After reading the book , which was horrifically insipid at best , I can not reccommend it . It is vain and it is not even well written . I wish that there were negative stars to give the book .
 From the editorial review the books sounds like blah to me . Nothing unique . So they had a good marriage . Great for them . Not worth the effort .
 Read this book if you are interested in what it is like to , for instance , be a foreign correspondent for the New York Times in Greece . The biographical sections are interesting , but unfortunately did n't make a full book -- so they decided to add some filler . The section about John and Abigail Adams in mildly interesting but the remainder of the filler material is dull , dull , snoringly dull.Now , about the Roberts . They spend a lot of time talking about her being a Catholic and he being a non-practicing Jew . The impression that I got was that she would have been in bigger trouble with her parents bringing home a Republican than a Jew . Since he is somewhat casual about his religion , she picks up the slack by adopting some Jewish rituals like a passover seder , a Hannakuh celebration and the like . When you consider that Jesus celebrated both those holidays himself , its not such a long stretch for Cokie.What irked me , and really bothered me to the core , was their chutzpah . They have been in the rarified air of Washington and the national media for so long , they do n't even realize how distant they are from the rest of us . It is never said , but the implication is clear -- we do n't count.The world is controlled by the Roberts who are friends with the Brokaws , who are buddies with the Wertheimers , who are close to the Totenbergs , who hang out with the Hedrick Smiths etc. , etc. etc. until it makes one feel rather insignificant . This close knit cult has shared pizza and McGovern , cocktails and Cuomos , pork rinds and Clintons , and thinks of the remainder of us as residents of `` flyover country '' -- the places you fly over on your way from Washington to the Coast.I actually liked Cokie a lot more before I read this book than I did afterwards . Her `` Q '' rating took a big drop in my mind . As for Steve , I now know who he is -LRB- you 've seen him if you watch Washington Week in Review -RRB- . My overall impression
 I began reading this book hoping for some insight on how successful married couples deal with intermarriage issues.What I soon found out was at least in this particualar case , the key to their success seemed to be that Steve Roberts brought barely any Jewishness into the home . In fact , had in not been for Cokie who is a Catholic , Judiasm would have barely been represented in the home at all . This one-sided religious representation appeared to be their key to success -- only Cokie had any strong religious feelings . Had they both had strong religious feelings , I think they would have been headed for trouble.Cokie , having been born to a family of political influence , power , and wealth , related something of a `` riches to riches '' story . However , she did relate stories about hardships she had to endure growing up such as how hard it can be to catch a cab in New York City.Steve on the other hand tried a little too hard to convince us that he really did n't mind that Cokie made more than he did and was more famous than him.The narrative style in which they related their story is fine for a magazine article but I found it a little tedious trying to read an entire book that way.My advice on buying this book would be to save your money .
 Can a Catholic American princess from a prominent political family find happiness with a Jewish aspiring journalist from Bayonne , N.J. ? Appearently so , if 1 -RRB- she really wants the marriage , 2 -RRB- he consents to a Catholic wedding , 3 -RRB- he 's willing to use her connections professionally and socially , and 4 -RRB- he is an early model Sensitive New Age Guy , who can live with being perceived as a beta male . The most interesting messages this book sends may not be the ones the authors intended .
 This book , along with Cokie 's `` We Are Our Mothers ' Daughters , '' is our current Book Club assignment . Having stalled part way through that book , I picked up this one in the hope I 'll be able to participate at least partially in the discussion . For such shallow work , this is remarkably tedious reading ! The opening `` dialogue '' chapters should have been drastically trimmed . Should we care whether or not Cokie 's ever owned grey Bermuda shorts ? And lucky them -- having the political connections to end-run the marriage license requirements . A revelation
 ... tapping this scurvy keyboard and getting myself in trouble by criticizing an American icon . Oh well , nasty work but somebody has to etc etc. . . The simple thing is that Saul Bellow does n't write very well . He does n't compose brilliant sentences . He does n't construct tight plots or taut narratives . By simple stylistic criteria , he 's no better at wordsmithing than the average purveyor of pulp fiction by the cartload . He maunders and muses self-indulgently , as if his readers would give him all the time in the world as they might a beloved grand uncle with a failing memory , in honor of his Nobel Prize . In his youthful novels about his useless self , he was charmingly crass and brash . A youthful reader could read himself comfortably into Augie March and be tolerantly self-abusive . This novel , The Dean 's December , is anything but youthful . The title tells most of it . This is a weary old dude 's meandering epitaph for his own energy , a novel about Death interspersed with jeremiads about a society - two societies really , America and Romania - hardly lively enough to sustain a worthwhile Life . The narrative elements include an old woman 's death in a ` communist ' hospital , a young man 's death by murder in seedy South Chicago , the metaphorical death of the Dean 's self-expectations , and the deadly friction of the Dean 's relationships with the bureaucracies both of his school in Chicago and his Romanian wife 's society.Somewhere in this sprawl of words there is probably a novel , or perhaps a couple of well-crafted novellas . Was Bellow too prominent by 1982 for Harper and Row to assign him an editor ? And somewhere among Bellow 's jabs and jibes at class warfare in Chicago and America , there are probably some pointed needles , but they are lost in the haystack .
 The dialogue and endless introspection offered in this book gets tiresome quickly . Bellow 's best work came before his Nobel Prize and this is an example of his weakening powers -- when his ideas outweighed action to create tedious novels .
 If you have not read anything by Saul Bellow , do n't start with this book . It is pedantic and involves characters about whom it is difficult to care very much .
 So I came across this series in 1997 when I was in the US NAVY . I found the special edition `` Prairie Blood '' and the 20th book `` Wolf Pack '' . I read them both while at sea and liked both of them . Our ships library did n't have any other titles so , I had to wait until I came home to read other books in the series . I found out that there were dozens of books in the series and being that space and money were limited , I did n't get around to reading any other ones.Now we have this new thing called `` KINDLE '' . I kept giving excuses why I did n't need one to people who would ask if I had one . I was messing around on Amazon a few weeks back and I remembered the Wilderness series from more than a decade before . Now there are even more than I remembered , obviously . I still do n't have the space for that many paper books but , at least money is n't a problem anymore . So , I checked to make sure that the first book was available in Kindle and to my delight it was . I purchased a Kindle and the first book I purchased was Wilderness # 1 King of the Mountain.I started reading it with much anticipation and happiness . Right away I knew something was wrong . The transfer from paper to digital was awful . Very poor spell check and in some cases it seemed like flat out omissions of sentences maybe even paragraphs . By not having read the book before I was n't sure . I kept going and things seemed to get better with less spelling errors and less possibilities of gaps in the story . Then you get to the very end of the epilogue and the sentence before the last one led me to believe they left something out again . Not certain but it left me wondering.So , with all my trepidations with the first book I started doing some research . I find out that after the second title , `` YOU CANT GET THE 3RD ON YOUR KINDLE '' !!!!! WTF ! My reading of the 1st book was n't very enjoyable . The story was great but the format sucked . I 'll get to read the 2nd book if I want but then either have to buy the next several in paper back or wait and hope they become available on Kindle . Or jump ahead to the next available Kindle title . Then go back at a later date and read the ones I missed . HOW THE HELL IS ALL OF THIS SUPPOSED TO BE ENJOYABLE !!!!! No , here 's what I will do . I will put the Kindle on the shelf somewhere and let it sit with my Prairie Blood and Wolf Pack titles . When Kindle , Amazon , the publishers , the spell checkers , the typers , and whoever else are making these BS decisions get their heads out of you know where , I 'll come back and gladly spend my money on a decent product.Note to author David Thompson
 the book that i want is not that i geti get a book of 1970to olda kind of deception
 I read this on the recommendation of a German friend -LRB- who , of course , read the original , not the translation -RRB- . I 'm not quite sure what to make of it -- I feel like , in production , the switch in tone from rather larkily written `` does love overwhelm even madmen ? '' farce to serious commentary on the responsibility of scientists in a commercial , WMD-manufacturing world -LRB- and the ego it takes to believe you can control knowledge and its use -RRB- could feel more like a nuanced punchline , a clever bait-and-switch , than it does on paper . On paper , it feels disorienting . Reading it over a second or third time might help me uncover more thematic links and foreshadowing to tie the two halves together , but a first readthrough left me feeling that I had read a piece that had ambitions it did n't manage to achieve .
 While there are some genuinely great Jewish women in this book , there are too many whose claim to greatness rests solely on fame and left-leaning politics . How is Barbara Streisand a `` Great Jewish Woman '' ? Is it because she is a great Democtratic fundraiser ? And How does Shulamit Aloni get to be great ? By being an anti-Israeli Israeli ? Diane Arbus -LRB- eeww -RRB- hated being Jewish and would be uncomfortable to see her name in this book if she had n't killed herself , and Estee Lauder became a Roman Catholic ... not exactly a `` Great Jewish Woman '' . If your idea of greatness is actresses and singers or anybody Jewish who managed to get her name in the paper than this is your book . Rosalind Franklyn and Judy Resnick constitute real greatness , while Goldie Hawn is merely famous . I would never put them in the same category .
 DO N'T BUY THIS BOOK -- IT IS A TOTAL WASTE OF BOTH TIME & MONEY.I side with Starbucks 110 % . Dorosin is unreasonable and is using a situation that Starbucks tried to remedy for his own personal gain.Dorosin should put his energy into better causes and stop trying to promote himself and his poorly written book .
 Please do n't ever compare this book to Persig 's Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance
 I read David Liss ' `` A conspiracy of Paper '' and `` The Coffee Trader '' and enjoyed both , so when I purchased `` A Spectacle of Corruption '' I was looking forward to another jaunt through England in the 1720 's -LRB- the 1722 general election in particular -RRB- . I studied European history in college and love historical fiction set in the eighteenth century . However the plot never really grabbed me , the characters behaved like cartoons rather than real people , and I gave up just over half-way . I can not recommend this to anyone .
 I highly recommend this book if : -LRB- 1 -RRB- You enjoy plots and subplots directly out of commercial novel writing 101 . -LRB- 2 -RRB- You like being able to foretell the rest of a book after reading only the first few chapters . -LRB- 3 -RRB- You are fond of novels that plod along like drizzle on a cold London day - dribble - dribble - dribble . -LRB- 4 -RRB- You are a reader who likes developing a knowledge of history from friction rather than from a good verifiable written account.Today I am very happy to celebrate two things : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Osama bin Laden is dead -LRB- 2 -RRB- I did not buy this book ; a friend loaned it to me .
 I hate when the author/publisher is so cheap that they recycle material and do n't have decency to edit it.In this book you will find sentences that do n't make sense , cryptic questions referring to deleted material , and obvious mistakes in figures and illustrations . I bet that the size of this book will double if it was reviewed by a decent technical writer.I have to lecture out of this book as an assignment . So , I 'm doing a very rigorous reading/summarizing to create my presentations . At the moment I 'm doing chapter 15 and so far it has been a mixed ride . Sometimes , I have to read the paragraph to make sure I 'm getting the point . Most of the time it works but sometimes I 'm left puzzled . Sometimes I felt like that some topics needed more depth and some had mundane details and repetitions.Bottom line
 we used this book for undergrad se classes i taught.unfortunately there are not a lot of alternatives . -LRB- we * also * used buede for another class and mandel for project management etc -RRB- . the authors know their stuff , unfortunately some of it got lost in translation . perhaps because a lot of the material got translated from govt publications.this is more like a handbook than a textbook . for the handbook user just get sage 's tome . for a textbook -- well this is least worst for an intro to SE . for supporting areas other books are better.what is good is excellent . but what is bad is frustrating.they tried to cover way too much in one book and got confused with SE and OR and management techniques and quality and a whole bunch of other stuff that is really tangential to SE.and the material gets covered at uneven levels of detail so it is not a good handbook nor a good textbook just a good pile of notes on a lot of se related stuff.previous editions had many errors and did not come with any answers to the problems , many of which were confusing as stated.the first part of the book really introduces SE . The rest of the book is for review by someone who has specialised in the areas they cover.The book would be much better if they concentrated on SE and left the other stuff to other books . i have not checked with the publisher for current availability , but previously there was no instructors guide and no answers to the questions . that is a big drawback for classroom use.this would be best for an experienced person who wanted to review SE or get an introduction to a specialised topic relating to SE.the dsmc/dau se handbook is -LRB- was ? -RRB- free on the internet from various govt sites and does a great job of introducing SE . you should look at that resource before buying this book . indeed , unless you are using it in a class you might just want to borrow this from a library instead of buying it .
 The first 50 pages , or four chapters , are missing from this etext . I found another version without missing pages free on Amazon .
 After I flipped past the cover , I found myself in the middle . I was n't sure until I reached the second chapter , `` Chapter V. `` Maybe someone did n't proof this before posting ? I found another version of the book and it stated with a title page as I expected .
 There are some interesting points and good information for beginners to this sport . However , few new tips for intermediate or advanced handlers . Also written from the perspective of a professional handler rather than an owner-handler .
 There are some interesting points and good information for beginners to this sport . However , few new tips for intermediate or advanced handlers . Also written from the perspective of a professional handler rather than an owner-handler .
 I 'm not sure who the intended audience is for this book . If you do n't already know the terminology of dog showing -LRB- such as stacking , gaiting , baiting , etc. -RRB- and are truly a novice , you will be clueless . If you already know these terms , the book does not tell you at all how to practice or perform them correctly . There is a section at the end with helpful hints -LRB- e.g. , suck on a mint if you are anxious as it will hide the adrenaline smell in your saliva from the dog -RRB- , but otherwise , I found it not very helpful ...
 This book is definately for beginner show handlers . The book is an extremely quick read with very few `` secrets '' . Anyone who has taken a beginning handling course from someone who has shown dogs would learn just as much or more than what this book offers.The book is worth reading , but I would pick it up at your local library and read it in a night or two . Not worth adding this to your collection .
 I could n't believe how many times he belittled the `` owner-handler '' in this book . He seems to think that ONLY professional handlers are the ones who deserve to win because they spend an incomprehensible amount of time training and grooming their dogs . It is a sport , get real and have fun , most people have real jobs during the day . He also liked to write about what `` the judge likes '' and how to hide faults instead of commenting on what is the most important aspect , the dog itself . I have found other handling books to be much less judgemental and more professionally written . He needed to keep a lot less `` go-pro-handler '' emotion out of the book and stay away from writing about all his experiences dealing with `` owner-handlers '' -LRB- one time , in Ohio ... -RRB-
 I enjoyed reading it , but I did n't find it very helpful . I have shown dogs only 3 years and found this book not very good . The guy talked to much about min games and psychology if you ask me.I would n't ever spent money on it , but it was a fun book to read . If it 's at your library get it.I will n't suggest paying more then a few bucks for it.If you really want a good book read
 I 'm not sure who the intended audience is for this book . If you do n't already know the terminology of dog showing -LRB- such as stacking , gaiting , baiting , etc. -RRB- and are truly a novice , you will be clueless . If you already know these terms , the book does not tell you at all how to practice or perform them correctly . There is a section at the end with helpful hints -LRB- e.g. , suck on a mint if you are anxious as it will hide the adrenaline smell in your saliva from the dog -RRB- , but otherwise , I found it not very helpful . I would recommend that you borrow this one from a library or friend . Do n't waste your money on it .
 You would generously call this Amazon editon an oversight , otherwise it 's a shameless fleecing because for the same price The University of Nebraska press edition , current , for the same price has the many sketches from the original.The Doubleday hardcover editions had five , double-paged color iillustrations , five half-tone illustrations and forty three sketches , This Amazon edition has none , which for a Charles M. Russell book is inexcusable .
 Charles Russell 's stories are second to none and fun for all ages . His art is also a big part of the experience . Tragically the ebook version does not contain any of Russell 's great images . Poorly done , Kindle folks . However the literature is great .
 The story is as described , but the leather book binding , for which I willingly paid a premium , is the usual cloth hard cover . It 's a pity that a few bad apples incorrectly describe their products on amazon since most of the time I 'm thrilled with the ease of buying on line .
 This very brief page of text begins
 I ca n't read this book . If you 're going to write about fishing , write about it honestly and tell us why you love it , do n't start out with a web of `` points of fixity '' `` dim inferences '' `` sources of hidden significance '' . Hemingway once said if you know something truly , and write about it truly , it will represent all things . I ca n't give this book a fair review , because after just reading Robert Traver 's yarns , the styloe of this one just irritates me .
 I consider myself an intermediate . None of the concepts I 've read in this book so far are foreign but I 'm sick and tired of books like this being thrown together . I have n't gotten through the book yet but I will not give this or any other book a better rating until there is at least documentation of how to source is thrown together . Having said that , could I sit here and figure everything out . Sure I could but that 's not the point . I bought the book to learn and get a different perspective . For me , looking and stepping through examples is how I learn . The author admits the source is horribly organized . What just baffles me is here 's the text in the changelog.txt : `` Initial release where source code is functional , but not organized . To getan understanding of what the source code is doing look at the book : Foundations of Object Oriented Programming using . NET 2.0 Patterns publishedby Apress . In the future I will work on making the source code moreorganized . It also depends on the demands of the readers and clients . `` With VS 2005 there simply is no excuse for any author not to be able to package a fully functioning solution or solutions to where the user extracts it and it builds . Well there is one excuse and it 's laziness.The txt file above only confirms whoever put this together is lazy . come on it 's not organized great but if people complain maybe we 'll do better . Pitiful.Having said that the content of the book could be good but for me I paid the fee for the book to read and learn through examples not figure out somebody elses mess.For those who can comprehend code without ever wanting or needing to put it in the IDE and step through , look at variable states etc , then this probably wo n't apply to you.I for one demand apress or this author at least extend the courtesy to their customers to at least post documentation as to how to set up the code to where it will at least compile without us trying to weave through the authors tangled mess .
 I purchased this book `` used '' - received it in the mail today . I payed a fraction of the published price - however , I have to say , I am having a huge reaction of repulsion to this book - regardless of the price.I have a few years of . Net Coding , and decades of programming experience . I know enough to realize that there are some really beginning things in this book , and some concepts that are just a bit past a beginner . I find the writing style irratic and irritating.It could be that part of the problem is that the publisher did not put the authors paragraphs through an Editorial team and make the author keep his style clear and simple . -LRB- A technical reviewer would not do that -RRB- The Editorial team would make sure that the English states a theme and stays on topic to a point of clarity that really seems to be missing in what I have seen so far . If there was an Editorial team , they missed the boat - a book should never have gone to print this bad.Only one other technical book has ever created such a strong repulsion before and that was over 10 years ago . That older book sounded like they were too full of themselves - I can not point to that in this - at least so far it just seems to be extremely irratic in its presentation to the point that I find it terribly annoying.I am not even sure that the hoped for `` Pattern 's '' -LRB- e.g Gang of Four -RRB- will be fully developed in what I have seen so far . My reaction to the writing was enough to want to post a review to warn others . The book so far is really a dissapointment.I am having a hard time trying to read this for any value due to my reaction to the writing style . Clarity and simplicity of style are not in what I have seen so far . Simply awful .
 If you consider Object Oriented Programming as a modern day software religion -LRB- which in a warped , geeky sort of way it sort of is -RRB- then in one sense Pattern Books are its Bibles -LRB- which would make the GOF the Prophets , or Disciples ??? -RRB- . If you are pushed to defend OOP to a non believer , to justify its existence , it really all boils down to patterns - reusable code , self documenting classes , robust , maintainable applications , all the benefits of OOP are actually benefits of the Patterns it enables.Still not all religions are created equal , and neither are the books about Patterns . This one is written by an author with a gift for making the simple complex , and the elegant obtuse . His examples -LRB- all in C# and making extensive use of advanced features like Generics -RRB- almost all fail to enlighten , while his prose rambles unbearably with constant repetition of mundane asides -LRB- and this is not a very long book for such a broad subject matter -RRB- . Not content to touch on dozens of patterns he also tries to introduce . NET , Nunit test framework , Log4Net logging package , NHibernate O/R persistence layer -LRB- yes really -RRB- . Predictably the result is one of those high speed tours of a strange city -LRB- `` and on our left we are passing the Command pattern while if you look to our right we just used the NUnit framework '' ... -RRB- I could not decide if Christian does not understand his subject matter or is just a poor author in need of a good editor , but either way there are some lovely pattern books available so dont waste your money on this one .
 The deficiencies here are glaring . Two of the victims are villains and the third hisses a few words , spits at one of the villains , and is gone , never to reappear except as a dead body . We do n't miss any of them and do n't really care who killed them . The central characters are never remotely in danger of being suspected . The most interesting feature of the story is a fictional twelth-century basilica built atop a third-century church , which had itself been built atop a house dating from Mithraic times . In all , a book without tension , suspense , or interest -LRB- except in the basilica -RRB- .
 This book is probably good for someone who has never had greyhounds . I have had non-track greys . I got this book to learn about the particulars of the rescues off the track as I was interested in fostering . I really did n't learn very much at all that I did n't already know . Now I 'm reading the Racing Greyhounds for Dummies book . I have n't finished it yet , but I already like that one a lot better .
 Maybe I know more about greyhounds than I thought I did , but I found this book absolutely useless . I already owned the `` Dummies '' book about Retired Racing Greyhounds and used it like a bible for my first greyhound . I bought this book when I adopted my second greyhound - hoping I might learn new things that were n't in my `` Dummies '' book . There was n't . I am so surprised that everyone else seemed to love it . I did n't learn anything new -- and I am certainly no expert on greyhounds . I was disappointed in the content of this book .
 I was really disappointed in this title ... . It was written in 1890 and it 's totally outdated . As an interesting browse in the library or book store , maybe . The stuff it talks about is simply impractical for most kids . Topics range from taxidermy at home , raising wild birds , to making blowguns . I was looking for things I could do with my young kids , and this did n't fit the bill for me .
 My review is not about the book itself . I used to own a hard copy , and it is excellent . The kindle version is all photographs of individual pages -LRB- and not very good ones -RRB- . It was impossible to change the font size or the orientation of the page . I wonder if that version is even legit.I &#34; returned for refund &#34; the kindle version .
 This book claims to want to show the ` nuance ' of the sex trade , so therefore it must use complicated words such as ` debt bondage ' to in fact describe what is an inhuman situation where people are threatened with death and beaten and raped in order to be forced to sell thier bodies to pay off a non-existent death . Essay after essay encouraged prostitution as ` sex work ' and claims that if only all prostitution were legal there would be no sex-slave trade in young girls and no forced prostitution . This is strange becuase in the Netherlands , where prostitution is legal , it turns out there is just as much sex-slavery and beatings and rape . This book also tries to claim all the talk against prostitution and the sex slave trade is ` racist ' . But how it is racist when Thai girls are sent to ` work ' in Japan and Russian girls sent to Saudi Arabia and Columbian girls to Spain is not clear . It is racist in the sense that rich Europeans , Arabs and Japanese are the buyers , but that is not what the authors wrote.As typical of anything that is examined by academia this text has to dry all things down so nothing is ever what it seems . A woman who is raped at the age of 11 by wealthy ` clients ' and kept chained to a bed for five years until she gets AIDS , this is called ` western sensationalism ' and in addition is described as ` sex work ' and ` debt bondage ' . It is too bad that none of the authors of any of the essays experienced sex work first hand as one of trafficked people.Seth J. Frantzman
 I purchased The Industry Yellow Pages , and was extremely disappointed ! Not only does the product appear as if it were created by someone on a home computer -LRB- amateur -RRB- - it is NOT a book as indicated - it is a PDF document on CD -LRB- Very unprofessional -RRB- . In this format , you can not print labels , sections , or do anything constructive with the information . Quite frankly , spend your money elsewhere !
 I bought all four of the books in this series . I found that the contacts are all mixed up ? For instance , in the `` Press '' section , there are Production Companies , Entertainment Companies , Studios etc. listed . I was hoping for the money I paid that it would be a bit more organized . Also , a lot of the data is obsolete .
 same verbage , same semantics , paragraph structure , several of them even under the same pseudonym . Could it be that they were all written by the same person ? Someone with an agenda , perhaps ? Someone with an interest in selling more of this `` book '' ? Just a thought .
 Bought this CD awhile back . My opinion is that it is worthless . If you read the marketing hype you really think you are getting something.Right down to the amateur CD graphics on the case and label , this CD and its contents look like it was put together by a grade schooler .
 This is not a textbook for undergraduates . This class is n't meant to be simple though . The examples worked in the book are not even relatively close to the problems your professor will assign . The homework problems are simple , but the book can not teach you how to work them out as simple as they are . I bought one of those `` 2500 fluid mechanics problems '' in order to do the homework . Finding a solutions manual is pretty tough as well .
 Kasey Michaels has a witty style that almost manages to win over the reader . I say almost because , unfortunately , her sense of humor does not make up for the lack of character development and slow pace that characterizes Then Comes Marriage.Brady James , the Earl of Singleton , is attacked on the streets of Regency London , beaten , wrapped in chains and cast into the Thames . But Brady lives and spends the rest of the novel closing in on his would-be killers . By his side is penniless actress Regina Bliss , whose parents apparently died at the hands of Brady 's assailants . With romantic sparks flying , Brady and Regina team up , along with Regina 's traveling player friends , to expose the villains . To amusing effect , Brady impersonates his fictitious cousin Gawain Caradoc , an effeminate dandy whose ridiculous clothing and wimpy manner soon becomes a joke that 's beaten to death.It 's hard to stay interested in the story because Brady and Regina are given almost no inner life until very late and then not enough . The plot drags slowly on , and then the reader is never given a credible reason why the villains tried to kill Brady ; he 'd uncovered nothing when asking questions about Regina 's past -LRB- the motive or rather pretext for his attack -RRB- . Then Comes Marriage shows that even fairly entertaining banter can not save a story whose characters and plot never achieve a feeling of reality .
 `` Then Comes Marriage '' actually starts with the previous book , when the hero , Brady , first meets the heroine , Regina Bliss . Miss Bliss is found acting as a destitute and disabled child trying to make some money on the streets who turns out to be a perfectly normal young woman . After she 's adopted by Brady 's friends , he gets curious about her background and goes digging for information . That catches us up to this book , where Brady 's curiosity gets him dowsed in a river . Intent on finding who tried to kill him , he teams up with Regina to find out why people did n't want him asking questions about her.The book follows several common romance themes , especially how a good woman can redeem a bad boy -LRB- or just a selfish boy , really -RRB- . Kasey Michaels reintroduces the readers to old characters from previous books while watching Regina learn to trust and Brady learn that marriage is good.The problems are many , however . Brady 's character development is hurl-inducing , not to mention horribly stereotypical . This books spends pages and pages and pages talking about how single men are selfish brutes who ca n't get in touch with the feelings of themselves or others . Only married men can truly enjoy life ! I find that insulting , and I 'm a woman . Then there 's the fact that Ms. Michaels ca n't hint at moods or feelings or anything , really . She has to smack you upside the head with it . The reason that Jane Austen and Georgette Heyer are so wonderful to read is because their wit is subtle - they actually trust the reader to figure out the joke . Michaels , however , does not and constantly has her characters spell out why the situation is supposed to be funny . Talk about a comedic killer . Add on a cast of side characters who are not nearly as funny as they 're supposed to be , and this book is just boring.If you like your books chock full of sentiment , you might like this one . I had to fight to read it and really just skimmed the last 50 pages . If you enjoy a realistic view of the world in your romance books and comedy that is n't spelled out for you , skip this one .
 I started out liking this book . It was different , it had a story , and the writing is good , engaging , well paced.But now I 'm not so sure . Should I even finish it?The writer has the heroine reading a Jane Austen book . I 've seen this done before and it aggravates me to no end . In her time , when her books were being published , Jane Austen 's name was NOT on the book . Not until several years after it was published did Jane 's name appear on Pride and Predjudice.Please authors , do a simple Google search before you put anything so easily checkable in print , for God sakes ! It makes everything else in the book HIGHLY questionable .
 I ordered a book from this store and it appears to have been mailed via covered wagon ! The time lag is appalling and I attempted to contact seller to find out when the book would arrive and received no response . I only received an automated email saying that the store is very busy and they would email back at their convenience .
 The sequels , unfortunately and not unsurprisingly do not live up to the original.As far as The Omen series goes , stopping at one will generally do you , no need to get this book .
 I bought this book after purchasing the author 's other cookbook , Cooking at the Natural Cafe in Santa Fe , without knowing that the books are 99 % the same . Same number of pages , same recipe titles -LRB- I did n't check to see if any ingredients were changed as too time consuming -RRB- . This edition actually has dropped some of the drawings . Only the bibliography is longer by half a page . If you already have the previous cookbook , you do n't need this one . Shame on the publisher for repackaging a previous book under a new title and not saying so where it can be noticed .
 I can appreciate where he was going with this book but how will the systematic annihalation of the african american and jewish races help my daughter come to grips with the problems youth face in the 21st century ?? I enjoyed the illistrations but the word `` towel head '' deeply disturbed both my daughter and I !
 Very dissapointed in the Dover editions . There 's always something wrong.In this case it skips pages
 I must very earnestly agree with the reviewer called `` koran vs. New Testament '' . I am a Jehovah 's witness and I read the Greek Scriptures every day . I see Jesus as superior to Mohammad . The Koran has nothing in it to inspire and to enlighten the honorable soul . I was a Buddist and now I am a Christian and I want no more than to read the scriptures every day.I feel very very sorry for muslims who are forced to read this book each day.Thank you
 this * HAS * to be a very bad translation . because theres no way a book this devoid of spirituality , poetry , or intelligence , could be transmitted from god via the arch angel gabriel.this text of this book contains about 5 pages of text that are repeated over and over and over again with slight variation in the wording . they basically command you to obey the prophet , not to mock the prophet , do not eves drop on the prophet , loan money to the prophet , do not mess with the prophets wife , do not yell at the prophet , and etc. the text repeats a few stories from the old testiment where bad people didnt listen to a prophet and got zapped by god . the book also descibes all the food and dark eyed virgen girls you will get in heaven * if * you go to war.it also commands you to wipe yourself after you go to the bathroom , not to eat road kill , and not to burry your newborn daughters alive . im glad that the book adds these commandments to the big 10 , but im a bit shocked that the arabs needed to be told.oh yeah the book also includes a lot of scripts to help you when people laugh at you , and tell you that youve been brain washed , and that the prophet is con artist .
 I have not read this book for a few reasons . First , I was shocked by the title of the book , `` The Koran '' , this can not and should not be called `` The Koran '' without the original Arabic text attached , nowhere on the cover was mentioned that this is a translation attempt . This by itself made me feel sad . Second , the book seemed so short , it could in no way get close to covering everything the Koran mentioned . Then the translation seems too colloquial it takes away the holiness of the book . True , this could be easily understood by a common English reader but if someone is going to read this and think this is `` The Koran '' hence the title , then I 'm starting to feel sorry for the translator . Other reasons you should not read this translation is that it is not certified by anyone , it does not have any footnotes , and it is a feeble attempt of a translator to convey rhyming English verses over actual deep meaningful ones . Once again try Yusuf Ali 's translation attempt , in which the English footnotes are very helpful even for an Arabic reader .
 This book is n't entertaining in the least . The main characters are idiots and the plot sounds like something that was written hundreds of years ago . I disliked this book so much , I started drawing illustrations on random pages of what this guy `` Muhammed '' might look like . I drew him wearing a Disney World t-shirt with a propellor hat and a sign that says , `` I love the West . '' I eventually got bored , -LRB- ... -RRB- . Not recommended . Pick up `` Where 's Waldo '' instead .
 I have read the other reviews with great interest.N . J. Dawood 's translation of the Qur ` an is as close to being worthless as it is possible for an English translation of the Qur ` an to be . The errors and mistranslations are such that many consider it to be perilously close to blasphemous . At best , it is absolutely impossible to get a clear understanding of what the Qur ` an is really saying from Dawood 's attempt to render the Qur ` an into modern English.He changed the traditional Sura order to the chronological Sura order -LRB- i.e. the Suras in the authentic Quran are not arranged in the order in which they were revealed -RRB- . This indicative of his excessive license with the work , as well as his clear contempt for the original . An Iraqi Jew , Dawood excercises considerable self-aggrandizment with his claims that Jewish and Christian teachings influenced the Prophet . These and other liberties demontrate his unwillingness and incapacity to produce an accurate and unbiased translation.His mistakes of translation are beyond ridiculous
 I 'm a Muslim who studied English . I find this translation to be deviant from the original text of the Quran . It 's an attempt to distort the teachings of the Quran and relegate it into a hate-instigator bookshop.I do n't recommend it at all .
 This is a very poor translation of the Quran . I found errors and missing/additonal words/phrases . It is clear that the translator does n't think that this is a holy book that needs utmost care and effort . This is a careless translation , probably done in haste while the translator was sipping his afternoon tea.Let me give you a small example : He translates part of verse 24:31 as `` to draw their veils over their bossoms '' . The word `` their veils '' here is ambiguous and to many it implies covering the face . But the Arabic word `` Khomorehenna '' means `` their headscarves '' . Then in 33:59 he translates `` Prophet , enjoin your wives , daughters , and the wives of true believers to draw their veils close around them '' . Never mind the superfluous `` true '' where the Arabic text just reads `` the believers '' , but notice the use of the word `` veil '' again ! The Arabic word used here is `` Jalabeebehenna '' . This is plural for `` their Jilbabs '' . A Jilbab is the long outfit/dress still worn by Arabs in Gulf states today like a long dress.How both a `` headscarf '' and a `` dress '' both got translated to the word `` veil '' is beyond me , but it shows the translator was not keen on accuracy.I recommend this translation of the Quran instead : `` Translation of the Glorious Quran -- by Ahmad Zidan and Dina Zidan '' . This was done by TWO people . An Arabic-speaking man and his English-speaking wife . Together they brought strength in both langauges and their team effort has resulted in a much more accurate translation than the one you have here . Oh and notice that they describe the book as `` Translation of the Glorious Quran '' , not arrogantly calling it `` The Koran '' as if it is the same as the original revealed text .
 Do NOT buy this book , it is riddled with remarkably blatant changes to the Qur ` anic text . One of the lighter changes is mutating the verse '' ... Oppression is worse than killing ... '' , which is a verse in the Qur ` an that signifies the need for man to be free physically and spiritually -LRB- man was born free by the will of G-d -LSB- Or `` Allah '' -RSB- and therefore it was his right to speak , live , think and express as he saw fit . -RRB- That verse is changed to '' ... Idolatry is worse than carnage . `` This translation of the Qur ` an is a fine example of demonazation of the religion.If you truly wish to read the Qur ` an I HIGHLY recommend `` The Holy Qur ` an '' , translated by
 This translation leaves out text , mistranslates other text , and has no explanatory footnotes . Even Arabic speakers have trouble understanding the Koran in Arabic when there are no footnotes because , after all , not one word of the text has changed since it was compiled 1300 years ago . -LRB- Try reading Shakespeare without footnotes -- and that was only 400-some years ago ! -RRB- This one is short and cheap , true , but it does n't accurately convey what the Koran says . The best translation out there is Muhammad Asad 's `` Message of the Qur ` an . '' Asad was a Polish Jew before his conversion to Islam , and he has great explanatory footnotes and a really accurate translation that 's easy for the Western mind to understand without sacrificing meaning , as Dawood 's translation does .
 do n't waste your time with this terrible translation . this is a propagandistic version of the koran , aimed at giving islam a bad name . many verses are purposely mistranslated in the worse way possible . If you want a good translation , buy Quran by Yahya Emerick . or buy a translation by yusuf ali .
 NJ Dawood has a very straightforward style of translating . This makes for an easier read , but unfortunately he makes a lot of mistakes when translating the parts of the Quran that are more subtle and require a deeper understanding of the Arabic language.This becomes evident in his tranlation of some of the parables and also many of the verses that make reference to historical events . For a more accurate translation I would recommend Muhammad Asad or Nooruddin .
 10-Point Rating
 You have to give the Qur ` an credit -- few books in the desert cave canon can match its retro charm . Though controversial at first , it went on to become the Dianetics of its day . Ignore the naysayers -- the Qur ` an 's flat-earth cosmology , slave-care tips , and streamlined attitude toward divorce helped build today 's Middle East!As others have noted , translating Arabic to English requires a rare depth of knowledge of each culture and language . This should n't stop readers from enjoying the inflexible legalism and vivid descriptions of Hell every seeker of sacred truth longs for . The subtle yet unyielding force of the original Arabic , hopefully , was adequately conveyed by the dozen or so exclamation points per page.At the risk of putting an orange safety cone on the sturdy iron bridge of everlasting Peace between Western liberal democracies and the friendly , easygoing republics of Islam , I did find the Qur ` an 's skeptical view of Jesus Christ -LRB- a.k.a. the King of Kings -RRB- troubling . My faith in the Good Shepherd 's redeeming love remained unshaken . But you know us Protestants , raised with the stubborn , self-aggrandizing belief that we 're entitled to question , change , and improve things from time to time , since we 're the ones who have to live on this earth.Another theme of the book -- slaying infidels and idolaters -- failed to warm my heart . In a world of jealousy , infidelity , crime , greed , warfare , and missing-child cases , it 's hard to get all worked up about a frieze , bas-relief , or sculpture here and there . The serenity and good will in the Buddhas I 've seen in art museums seem to bear a message of timeless peace . I , a mere mortal , can appreciate the masterful skill of polytheistic Greek or Hindu artists without being threatened or wanting to start bowing , going into a wild dance , and sacrificing animals . The Ten Commandments said not to kill . If we have an enemy , Jesus said we should love and pray for them . Pretty simple to understand , and if we lived by it the world would have peace . It was kind of strange for the Qur ` an to take a total U-turn in this area .
 The words and passages in this book have inspired untold thousands of wanton murders and oppression throughout the centuries , ranking alongside other notorious publications such as ` Mein Kampf ' , ` Dianetics ' and ` The Book of Mormon ' . Many of the problems facing humanity today can be traced to the belief systems introduced in these publications .
 Do NOT buy this translation . It is done to look like the King James Bible and is about as fun to read . This was the first Quran I bought and I had a terrible time reading it . You are much better to go with translations from Marmaduke Pichthall or Yusuf Ali . This is a very poor translation and hard to read .
 Not only does Dawood distort the meaning , he leaves out a lot . The reason this translation is attractive is that it 's short and readable . But it 's not the Quran . So if you want to understand what the Quran actually says , this is not the translation to get.So much of the Quran is incomprehensible to the lay reader -LRB- even the Arabic-speaking lay reader -RRB- that footnotes are really essential to make any sense of it . For instance , the Quran sometimes just refers to historical figures or events but does n't name names or go into details . Or , sometimes a verse may be in response to a specific circumstance that was taking place at the time -LRB- keep in mind that not one word of the Arabic Quran has been changed from the time it was first compiled 1400 years ago -RRB- ; the verse may no longer be applicable or it may have even been rendered obsolete by a later verse . That sort of thing is impossible to know without footnotes , and Dawood not only leaves out explanations , sometimes he leaves out text that would have helped make sense of a passage.I agree with other reviewers that Yusuf Ali is more accurate and even somewhat poetic . It has good explanatory footnotes . I probably prefer that one over any others , overall -LRB- I have a degree in Islamic studies and have five translations at home -RRB- . I like Arberry , too , in terms of style , but it 's not as clear and concise as Yusuf Ali 's version . You might want to try John Alden Williams ' `` The Word of God . '' It 's his own `` translation '' -LRB- the Quran ca n't really be translated ! -RRB- of Quranic passages that are arranged as excerpts with Williams ' straightforward explanations alternating between them . I think it might be a better introduction to the Quran -- for someone not too familiar with it -- than reading the Quran itself -LRB- especially Dawood 's version -RRB- cold . Williams ' book is short , too , But if you want to go straight to the Quran , get the Yusuf Ali translation . Avoid this one .
 Many believers in the Koran have criticized this translation as not being the `` real '' Koran because they say that it can never be translated accurately . They even suggest that one can not possibly understand the Koran unless you study Arabic with some scholars . I have news for these people . This is an old superstition about languages which has absolutely no basis in fact . Any linguist will tell you that anything in one language can be translated into another language and that there are no superior languages or more expressive languages . Just as Islam followers would like the whole world to bow facing Mecca in an act of subordination -LRB- `` Islam '' means submission , not peace , by the way -RRB- to one of the most undeveloped and uncivilized areas of the world , so they would love Arabic to be held up as some sort of superior language , the only language that the Koran could rightly be studied in . This is absolute nonsense . Any idea in one language can be translated into any other language . What is really going on here is
 Having read this monstrosity , I get tired very quickly of all of the reviews trying to convince non-moslems that the Koran is a peaceful book . Do n't tell US that Islam is peaceful . Start telling your fellow moslems . They are the ones that need convincing . Having read this , it seems to me that the Koran is a very violent and intolerant message . It is also anti-woman , anti-science , anti-gay , anti-jewish/christian , anti-peace . I can see clearly from reading it how followers could use it as an excuse for war . Do n't tell me that Jihad means `` struggle '' and not war . I never heard of the word until moslems used it to mean war and NOT struggle . Convert your own people if Islam is n't violent .
 I can not compare this work to other translations of the Koran because it is the only one I have read . Nor , can I compare it to the original Arabic rendering . However , my thoughts are that the Koran is a -LSB- borrowing -RSB- of another people 's god . The Koran states that the Holy Scriptures were given to the Jews and later the Christians , but that these people were not following the message or word of God correctly . What I see here is a political motive . Hebrew writings were around well before Muhammad and the New Testament writings were available some 500 years before the Koran was written . So , it comes as no surprise that these scriptures could have found their way into Arabia . Muhammad and others simply adopted these writings as their own with changes to reflect the Arab culture at that time . Most likely , due to the fact the pagan religions of the Arabs at that time were not as complex or documented.It can also be said that Christianity also hijacked the Jewish faith , but in this case it was different . The early Christians were a Jewish sect . The Romans regarded Christianity as a Jewish sect . The two religions were not formally separated by the Romans until Constantine made Christianity the state religion . Judaism , at the time of Christ , comprised of three main sects ... the Pharisees , the Sadducees and the Essenes . So , it is not surprising that Christianity would naturally form a splinter group . Many believe that Jesus and his followers were Essenes . It could also be they were a group totally separate from the three main sects , but did share beliefs and ideals with them . I believe all of these sects , especially Christianity , drew heavily from the Pharonic religions of ancient Egypt . Especially , when considering Gnostic Christianity but also the accepted Christianity of today.The Koran and Islam are a different matter . The Koran does not delve into the real source of these faiths , but rather draws from Judaism and Christianity . Basically , intended to supercede both while finding flaws with these two faiths , or how they were being upheld . If Muslims read the Nag Hammadi Library , I think they would see where some of the ideas and beliefs of the Koran were derived . Those who know Christianity well , would know that there could not be another prophet after Jesus Christ . One is not needed . Those that are familiar with the Gnostics would know the meaning behind `` another '' dying on the cross while Jesus looked on . The so-called `` twin '' who took the place of Christ . Well , the twin simply means the body , which is the twin to the soul . Jesus had what we now call an `` out-of-the-body '' experience . His body died on the cross , but his soul lived on . In the case of Jesus , his soul was part of the Trinity that makes up the Oneness of God.In summation , the Koran was written by men for political purposes . This was not an uncommon act . The ability to have your god supercede the god of another people was important in those times . It is not possible to pull off such a stunt in today 's world because people would write Muhammad off as a nut . The Koran brings us nothing new and nothing that was n't written well before 600AD . With the exception of cultural items and customs of the Arabs in those days that were blended in .
 I do not think the man who `` translated '' the Koran here is a true Muslim . One can not shuffle and reorder the Suras to suit one 's own taste . This man does not have the right to mess up our Holy Book in this way . Plue the style of writing is not nearly as engaging as the Ali version . I have not been in a Mosque yet that had this version of the Koran on its shelves . You can go into any Mosque in this country and pick up a copy of the Ali Tranlation for free . Why waste your money on this Infidel sham version ?
 IntroductionI write this as a believing christian giving my honest reaction to reading the text . Having found other religious texts pleasing and sometimes insipirational -LRB- Buddhist texts in particular -RRB- , I was open minded to receive something similar from Islam 's relgious text . My earnest hope is that Muslims will show similar curiosity and open our Bible as well.Claim to clarity?One of the key claims of muslims is that the Qur ` an is clear . Indeed , this claim for clarity is important because it is one of their basis basic arguments against jews and christians that they can not agree about the meaning of their texts . A basic function of the Qur ` an in Muslim tradition is its clear teaching about Divine matters . Now , does a reading of this book prove or disprove their point ? I am afraid a careful reading of the book shows that the claim for clarity is manifestly and blatantly untrue.As scholars of classical arabic point out , 20 % of the book does not at all make sense . Some of this can be put down to the assembling of the suras by the compilers under Uthman , the third caliph , but a good measure of it must go down to the workings of the brain of the messenger himself . A careful reading shows frequent mental shifts taking place within the context of single paragraphs - a kind of mental gymnastics . I am not referring here to the short -LRB- so called Mecca suras -RRB- which are quite pleasing and poetic but to the so called Medina suras . Another point is that the text is full of places where the translator is really taking the best guess . No one knows what the text means , not even the Hadith compilers -LRB- circa 150-200 years post the messeneger 's death -RRB- . Grammatical issuesAnother important claim of muslims is that this is the most beautiful and unrepeatable texts ever because it proceeds from the mouth of God . And yet , as scholars point out , the book has grammatical errors in itRecyling of religious material from jews and christiansA Jewish or Christain reader of the Qur ` an can not but be struck by the degree of recyling of jewish material from the Old Testament . Not only that , the same stories re Moses , Noah , Lot , Joseph etc get re-told in different variant forms . Not only that , the stories often rely for meaning and clarity on the assumption that the reader knows more than is the Koran . Indeed , if one does not know more than what is in the Koran , one is left baffled . Why is this so for a text which is claimed to be perfect?The rule of abrogation and the claim that Islam is a religion of peaceThe attentive reader of the text will be struck by contradicitions -LRB- Muslims Scholars vary on the numbers , ranging from 5 - 250 or so contradictions -RRB- . Leaving aside the allowing and then disallowing alcohol , the famous Medina Sura of the sword -LRB- when the messenger was poweful and strong -RRB- is often contrasted with the religious tolerance of the Meccan -LRB- when the messenger was in a weak position politically -RRB- sura . The scholars well aware of these contraditions propose the rule of abrogation usually simplified to the later sura knocks out the earlier one . The problem with the Sura of the Sword is that is the later one and its encouraging the slaughter of the infidel should logically abrogate the tolerant and earlier Meccan one . My reading outside the Qur ` an on the opinions of muslims scholars on this point have not given me a good answer to this . Logically , the claim that islam is a religion of peace is a claim to be proven.The key underpinning of Islam is one of recapitulation and clarity?The frequent references to the Jewish stories together with the key Jewish prophets , the support for the Torah and for the gospel -LRB- noting here that Jesus is really a cardboard cut our figure in the Qur ` an -RRB- leads one to legitimately to ask the question
 If some salesman personally known by a Moslem today were to claim that they received a book from an Angel , they would be laughed to scorn . The salesman 's reason for making such a claim would be attributed to some wild business scheme to be pulled on the foolish and credulous . Why , oh why , do they then believe the same claim when made by some salesman they do not know and never met -LRB- Muhammed -RRB- , who lived hundreds of years ago ? It is a fact that it is just as easy to tell a big lie as a small one.Leaving aside this question why anyone would be so uncritical as to believe that this book was given to a carpet salesman -LRB- Muhammed -RRB- by an angel when there is no more proof for that assertion than for Joseph Smith 's assertion that an angel did the same for him -LRB- and history reports at least another half dozen claims by men claiming to receive books from angels . They might just as well have claimed that they received gift fruit baskets instead of books . The absurdity is the same -RRB- , one would only wonder at a book whose effects upon the ignorant is to lead them to attempt mass murders , destroy democracies , kill innocent lives , stone women and children to death , erase all art and music , rob humanity of the most innocent of joys , and become the biggest threat to peace in the last hundred years if it were not for the fact that the reasons for this are easily found within these pages . One does n't have to read very far in this volume before noting the profound barbarianism of the author and , by implication , anyone who takes this literally . If this book were to rule the world , the world would become a vast desert devoid of all humanity , freedom , kindness , equality , joy . What would be left would be a horror that would be the dream of those fanatics who hate life and embrace the skeletal arms of death . There are people who want war in the name of this book . For those who love freedom and life , it may be time to give it to them and to give it to them with the same fierceness that they are willing to do so in the name of the god they believe mirrors their own depraved , twisted , and poisonous minds . This insanity called Islam is nothing but a psychosis indulged in by those who would n't understand science in a million years .
 The Koran is a work of complete fiction . These words are the illiterate musings of someone who happened to be on his own -LRB- like Moses , Joseph Smith etc -RRB- when visited by the Archangel Gabriel -LRB- another fictional character where evidence of this beings existence is nil -RRB- . Misogynistic , homophobic , intolerant of other faiths , totalitarian i thought , this book was created when superstition ruled . The hatred on each page drips with blood . Love , peace and compassion is rarely mentioned . I would suggest reading the skeptics koran instead . Thank goodness only a small percentage of Muslims take this book literally .
 Let me begin to say that reading The Koran and any other scriptures of world religions can help an individual learn more about a group of people than the majority of people will ever know . For this reason and this reason alone , I can recommend books such as The Koran for learning about other people . However , I do NOT recommend the reader take anything serious in this book , nor should they approach it as if it contains any truth . Approach this book as it really is , a work of fiction , and equip yourself with the information within so you may repel the conversion attempts of those who preach the fiction within.I waded through this book while studying religions and it is the most boring book I have ever read . You can not possibly tell me that an Angel of God was behind this book . All it consists of is words from Muhammed -LRB- or people who wrote the book and claimed to be Muhammed -RRB- with words and truths from the Old Testament mixed in . Those who study religion should know of J. Smith who founded Mormonism . He , like Muhammed , took the faith that was passed down from the Jews and Christianity , and whipped up his own religion , and just like Muhammed , claimed revelations from an angel as backing for his heretical views.When it comes down to it , anyone could do what Muhammed did and rewrite Sacred Scripture in their own words . The problem is , doing so is a major sin . Too bad Muhammed and J. Smith forgot this simple fact . ...
 Like most sacred books this one is no different . It teaches what all religions teach , a sense of self-loathing and fear of punishment . It teaches contempt for women , hatred for other beliefes and lifestyles , disgust for those that would seek answers through science , reason and logic . Like Christianity it 's past is filled with unethical idealologies such as slavery , murder , ethnic cleansing , rape and torture . Also there is the blatant errors of ancient cosmology which are proof in themselves that this and other religions are anything but divinely inspired . So , do I have contempt for religion ? Yes . Do I have contempt for the people who practice it ? No . I wish more people would study not only their religion but other beliefs as well . I 've gone through many emotions in my years researching religion . Many different feelings have come to mind while reading sacred books . But you know one emotion that I 've have yet to experience . Laughter . Yep , you heard me right . When is the last time you ever read a holy book and burst out laughing ? Think about it . As for Mr. Dawood this review is no reflection on him or his translation.I encourage everyone to read the Koran and draw your own conclusions based on logic , reason and human compassion and not on fear or coercion .
 This translation is -LSB- not expensive -RSB- , but you get what you pay for.Because I was curious about Islam , I decided to read the book that lies at its core , the Qur ` an . I picked up this English translation which is the one most readily available in the US . I tried twice , 11 years apart , to read this translation and neither time got even half way through . I could not for the life of me understand how or why 1 billion of the world 's people loved this book , and concluded that the admonition that the Qur ` an can only be read in Arabic must be true and something must get seriously lost in translation.Then recently I discovered Muhammad Asad 's `` The Message of the Qur ` an '' . I 've only read 3 sura -LRB- chapters -RRB- so far but I am beginning to see what all the fuss is about . I 'm finally gaining some insight into Islam and finding the Qur ` an fascinating . Asad 's translation is much longer , much heavier , and much more expensive , but if you want to gain some understanding of the Qur ` an , not just make fun of it or use it to insult different beliefs , the Asad translation is very much worth the expense . His footnotes are extensive and very helpful . The Asad translation makes sense to a Westerner and does not leave you scratching your head like Dawood 's .
 After reading this translation , I knew something was wrong , i 've read the koran before but never found it to be so bad . Then after doing some research found out that this is a propagandistic version written by a non muslim -LRB- mr. Dawood is acutally Jewish i found out -RRB- . Many passages are poorly translated -LRB- i believe purposely -RRB- , to give the worst view possible about islam . You would be better off reading any version other than this -LRB- also like the plague , to avoid anything written by Robert Spencer , who also spews propaganda against Islam , and is a well known Isamophobe -RRB- . If you want a Well written translation of the Koran that is easy to read , I would highly recommend Quran by Yahya Emerick . This is by far the best translation of the Koran to English that exists .
 this book is a terrible translation , and contains numerous errors . If you want a great translation of the koran , and do n't mind spending the money , read QURAN by Yahya Emerick . After reading that translation , you 'll be an islamic scholar . It is very well written , and unlike this book is not propaganda . the author of this book , NJ Dawood is not even muslim , something that doesnt sit well with me . I would never read a bible written by a muslim , just like i would never read a Koran written by a Jew -LRB- I 've met Mr. Dawood , and yes he is Jewish -RRB- .
 Arabic is my mother tongue , Although I have been tought English from an early age and have been using English primarly in the last 10 years or so . The most accurate translation that I have found when it comes to clarity and capturing the directness as well as the simplicity of the original arabic text can be found in the Second Edition of Dr.Rashad Khalifa translation called `` The Final Testament '' .
 This book is much too violent and very cruel . As an infidel , I was personally horrified by its passages . However , it gives a good understanding for the conflict in the Middle East .
 The Bible , Bhagavad Gita , Dhammapada -LRB- Buddhist -RRB- scrptures will all elevate anyone who bothers to study them . THIS , however , is so devoid of any spiritual content that it is absolutely stunning that anyone could declare this to be the word of God - any god ! This is a scripture so crass , so vulgar , so lacking in spiritual inspiration that only a threat of decapitation -LRB- the preferred method of converting the infidels -RRB- could get me to take it seriously . Why is anyone supposed to think that this came from an angel ? Did Mohammed perform miracles ? No . Did he live an exemplary life that inspires ? No -LRB- unless you think an adulterous , murderous conqueror is worthy of emulation -RRB- . Do his followers live such industrious , peaceful , loving lives that one wishes to know their secret ? No , a thousand times no . Is the text itself proof of its supposedly divine origin ? Far from it - errors and abominations are evident throughout -LRB- polygamy , murder of unbelievers , extra taxing of christians , anti-semitism , etc -RRB- . A faith that `` converts '' by giving people a choice of death or conversion has n't the most basic understanding that religion is in the heart and not on the lips . Look at the countries ruled by Islam and see what life is like . Then , look at those that have gone through the protestant reformation . It is clear that this book is a death sentence for freedom , women 's rights , freedom of thought , happiness , freedom of religion , gentle spirituality , science , etc. . That is why followers have nothing left to do but blow themselves up . Their countries and culture are dying - left stuck in the middle ages and there is no way out as long as this book is ruling over them . The arab countries must either give up Islam or give up any relevance in the modern world . All that is left them to do is to strike out in a desperate , frustrated , hate filled last stand against modernity before they sink into total irrelevance .
 Dawood , a translator of Arabic folklore -LRB- like One Thousand and One Nights -RRB- seems more interested in preserving the grandeur of the phrases than transmitting the true meaning of the text . Dawood often distorts the message . He turns observations about wartime activity into commands of aggression . He transforms passages regarding the natural love between husband and wife into suggestions that women are soley for a man 's pleasure.Those who want to appreciate the poetry are best off reading the orginal Arabic -LRB- or buying a taped version so they can listen to it without having to learn Arabic -RRB- Those who are interested in a translation that preserves the beauty of the language and an accompanying in depth explanation should read `` The Message of the Quran '' by Muhammad Asad . By virtue of being a translation , it too has its faults , but it considered the best thing short of learning Arabic .
 Mr. Dawood is a Jewish Iraqi scholar who came to England after World War II . He has a command of both Arabic and English , which makes this translation much more readable than others by people less fluent in English.Unfortunately , it is also inaccurate . I can read but not understand any but the most basic Arabic , but when Sura 7 , verse 31 starts `` Ya baani Aadamaa '' , I understand it immediately as `` O children of Adam '' , whereas Dawood -LRB- mis -RRB- translates it as `` O children of Allah '' . I find this fundamental inaccuracy perplexing in a native Arabic-speaker , and am concerned about what more subtle mistranslations -LRB- poetic license ? -RRB- lurk that can alter the meaning and interpretation of th Quran.The translations most commonly read by muslims in the US -LRB- I would guess the majority of them do not understand Arabic either , and thus depend on translations , like myself -RRB- are those by Marmaduke Pickthall and Yusuf Ali . If you want to get a feeling of the `` style '' of the Quran -LRB- which is very different from the Ancient Testament , itself very different from the New Testament , let alone Buddhist Sutras or other sacred texts -RRB- , this translation will do fine . If the details and nuances matter , do yourself a favor , and get one of those . They may be slightly harder reading , but they are also much more accurate translations by mainstream muslims -LRB- Pickthall was a British convert -RRB- . They can also be found online , for instance on www.sacred-texts.com .
 Following the 7/7 London suicide bombings there were several articles in British newspapers by British Muslims saying that the bombers were not `` true Muslims '' as there is nothing in the Koran to justify such actions . Following the attempted bombings of 2 weeks later , it was reported that one of the failed bombers told his neighbour
 Now , regarding the Quran and other scriptures , you know from the start it 's going to be a slow read . Writers like Mohammed , St Paul , and others were not word-savvy and could n't make a gripping read like Ian Fleming , JK Rowling , or Jean Auel . Nor did they care
 i am a muslim myself . I have read the ` real ' Koran several times and have much of it memorized . Muslims around the world take pride in the fact that the Koran can never be really translated , that its that unique . Well now i know they have a point . It 's like a translation of a fine work of poetry . It simply can not capture the true beauty or depth of the Koran . I have read several other arabic books translated in english in both languages and i can assure you that those translations are fine , they manage to capture the beauty that is portrayed . The Koran is a magnificent holy book , unfortunately this translation gives it a poor image and does not understand what the Koran really says . I would love the rest of the world to read and understand the beauty of the Koran , but so far , the only way to do do is to read it in its original text .
 I am a fervent reader of the New Testament . I wanted to read the Koran too as I have heard so much on the news and internet about this `` holy book '' . I bought an english translation . I read the first few Suras ... then I skipped to the longer suras . I did not feel any sort of spiritual power whatsoever - NOTHING . I read Christ 's words -LRB- The Sermon on the Mount , The Beatitudes , etc. -RRB- and then I read the Koran and I find that there is no comparison . Christ healed Lepers , gave sight to the blind , fed the multitudes , and blessed little children . What did Mohammed do ? KILL ! What did Christ do ? Love and Heal.I find mohammad a very very poor subsitute for the Loving Christ I read about every day ... God Bless you all ...
 I have attempted to read the Koran ... but to no avail . I found it very dry and uninspiring . When I read the Gospels I feel like I am listening to the voice of God . I feel uplifted . When I read the Koran ... I feel I am hearing the words of a deluded desert lunatic . There is no LOVE in the Koran . . just blood . . judgement ... and vengeance . Sorry but I 'll pass ...
 COMPLETELY AND UTTERLY BIASED ... NJ DAWOOD IS NOT A MUSLIM ! BUT AN IRAQI JEW . BEST TRANSLATION IS BY ABDULLAH YUSUF ALI.The Qur ` an
 It would seem improbable - given the humane instinct of countless Christian saints - that their founder should have had so little to say about the fate of other creatures.In that sense , there might be ample scope for suspicion that the accepted Gospels could have been edited by the type of Christians who tend to take a rather culinary view of non-human beings . If ` Jesus was a Vegetarian ' as PETA and others would claim then the Gospel of the Holy Twelve provides an opportunity for today 's Christians to approach a fuller concept of the life and spirit of Jesus Christ.However this work -LRB- which was first serialised in 1898 -RRB- has no known manuscript basis and merely develops a theme that the author outlined in preceding publications over a twenty year period . I have traced the Victorian origins of Rev Ouseley 's ` gospel ' through related tracts and articles which anyone interested may wish to investigate in my own book
 This was one of those books that I read through as fast as I could to get it over with . I had a hard time connecting with a few of the main characters in the book . The author seemed to try to strike a balance between giving us a rich environment and well developed characters , but it just did not work for me . I did like the strong female characters . As for the stone , the `` Interim '' paragraphs at the end of each chapter actually took away from the stories , because it absolutely caused a disconnect between where the stone was and where it ended up .
 I have read and enjoyed several of Barbara Wood 's previous novels . My favorites have been Domina , Green City in the Sun , and Virgins of Paradise . Those books have held my attention with interesting plot development and settings which enhanced rather than detracted from the story telling.In contrast , The Blessing Stone is a series of vignettes set in different periods of human history . It reads like a novelization of an anthropology textbook . The first several stories illustrate specific developments in human history , with the emphasis being on why certain changes in societal organization took place . The characters were one-dimensional and did not hold my interest.I did enjoy the stories of Lady Amelia , set in the Roman Empire , and of Abbess Winifred in pre-Norman Conquest England , but these did n't come up until halfway through the book.The use of the stone as a unitary device between the stories seemed contrived . The connecting sections were very choppy and did n't contribute to the stories , other than to open up the possibility of untold stories . For example the two page interim section between the story about Mother Winifred in 1022 C.E. and the next story , set in 1520 C.E tells us that the stone went from a Viking raider to an English soldier to the Caliph of Baghdad to another soldier to Francis of Assisi to a baker 's wife to a pickpocket to a Medici prince to a traveling scholar . We never meet any of these characters.I hope that Ms. Wood returns to writing full-blown novels with less of the expository language that made The Blessing Stone bog down .
 I would have never ordered this book if I would have known the author considered John Smith as on the same as Mathew ' Mark and Luke . It is very clear He is a Mormon.I do not believe in the Mormon religion which is not Christian . It is not that I dislike Mormons but that I do not believe there 's is the true religion.Ruth Houston , Tx
 As with his original article on LambdaMOO , included here as the first chapter , Dibbell displays a remarkable lack of concern about his own biases and prejudices . Journalistic integrity is out the window . Instead , `` My Tiny Life '' is really just the self-indulgent ramblings of a newbie MUDder , who was never really part of the community because we all knew he was a journalist and was going to write about whatever he saw . We MUDders are a self-protective group . Dibbell 's portrayal is as through a glass darkly ; he saw only the fringes of what happened on LambdaMOO these many years ago , and he saw only what we allowed him to see . Thus his tale is a skewed view of events as they occurred , with stolen analysis , and he drops the narrative before some of the most interesting action took place . -LRB- This is because he himself left the MOO at that time . Why should he try to find out what happened , if he cared so little that he just left , for no other reason than that he was bored ? -RRB- If you 're really interested in online life , stop reading dead trees and log on .
 Please do n't believe a word Mr. Dibbell has to say . Those of us who are members of the LambdaMOO community can tell you how most of the events here have been changed to serve the author 's point , and how untrue the entire documented experience is . This book is NOT a fair account of life on LambdaMOO , nor online at all ! I regret that the general public will have an opinion of us based on what they have read from this book .
 I hated the end . It just shoved in our face how he could spend 3 months on the MOO and then pretend he could know what a MOOer was like . And how dare he say most MOOers moved on ? He was never a MOOer , so easy for him to say . Most MOOers I know from five years ago still live there . _ He _ moved on because he was never there to begin with , only logging on and doing as much as his girlfriend allowed . I guess that 's why he had to say over and over that the book was hers . I did really enjoy the way he described the real world as if it were a MOO , though . That was pretty creative .
 It 's bad enough that a virtual rape that passed by our screens years ago can still cause trees to be killed for profit , but now Dibbell adds to the fun by telling all readers how to committ `` crimes '' on-line . As one who has to clean up after his mess , I 'm not amused . You do have a tiny life
 When I first heard about this book , I was very curious to read it . Although I never played MOO before , I did use LP MUDs quite often . So I was really eager to see what is there to write about a virtual community . The idea for this book , is great . But it is so boring . First , the book could be shortened to at least a 1/5 of its size . So many extra words !!! Second , it seems to me that the author was over romanticizing certain things . It seems to me he would be more excited from virtual rape than he would be excited by real rape . -LRB- Ofcourse , I 'm excaggarating , but this is the general feeling I get from reading this book -RRB- . Overall , it is an interesting book , but way too boring for my taste .
 Never in my life have I read such trash . If you enjoy unbalanced journalism that helps fuel the trendwagon , this certainly book is for you . But in my opinion , it stinks . IT STINKS ! It gives the wrong impression about people who are online as being overweight , uncaring , insensitve , pierced freaks who have nothing to do all day but engage in tinysex .
 `` My Tiny Life '' about sums it up . Julian Dibble is , literally , what the British term `` a wanker . '' He brings navel gazing to an exhaulted pinnacle . He starts his book well , discussing the strange interactions between real life -LRB- RL -RRB- and virtual life as experienced on MUDs and MOOs -LRB- VL -RRB- . He almost captures your imagination , then loses it all in a prolix tale of his adventures in masturbation , both real and virtual . In part , the book reads like his paeon of love to the -LRB- current -RRB- woman he has trouble making a committment to . In part , it 's a waltz through the lives of people who are not yet ready to engage in real life and instead are tooling around virtual reality trying to get a grip on , primarily , their sexuality . While this book will surely appeal to those who recognize themselves in it , it 's actually rather repellant to those who have been there , done that , then grew up .
 Pretentious , meandering , and bereft of anything that could be mistaken for value . I question its use even as a cautionary tale of a man who has lost all ability to distinguish between the real world and a world of pretend .
 One gets the sense upon reading this book that it was translated into English from some esoteric dead language and not from that close cousin of English , contemporary German . One would think that a book this expensive and a publisher this well-known would be able to fork out enough cash to hire a competent translator . If you thought signal transduction was Talmudic in its complexity , you will not be disappointed as you try to unravel the meaning of sentences in this truly awful and labored translation .
 I began to read `` The Education of a Speculator '' with much enthusiasm , but I found that seductive jacket-cover promises and excellent marketing were no substitute for overwrought prose , shameless self-advertisement , and simple investment cliches . Indeed , the guise of offering trading advice is merely an excuse to publicly rattle the collection of silver spoons which have fed the author 's obvious intelligence -LRB- or appearance thereof -RRB- . Although the book is salted with various investment proverbs , they are rather dim compared to the showcase of the Niederhoffer pedegree in neon lights - not exactly what I was looking for . Check out Jack Schwager 's Market Wizards and New Market Wizards for a concise treatment of better traders , superb advise , and no egos . `` The Education of a Speculator '' promises unique insights into the mind of a successful market guru , and in that respect , it is quite successful - however , it is a mind affected with chronic hubris and a victim of it 's own percieved success . I am forced to the conclusion that , in the world of elite traders , Mr. Neiderhoffer 's particular mind-set is more the accident than the rule .
 I was more impressed with Victor 's Squash championship -LRB- which he endlessly describes -RRB- than his trading strategies . On the other hand , he made honest and reasonable efforts to describe complexity . His best assest seems to be having lost serious amounts of his own and other people 's money . Its quite distrurbing to read his descriptions of massive sessions -LRB- 40 + hours -RRB- in front of trading terminals.I am oldbut I sure do n't trade the yen : - -RRB-
 This is a brute joke of so-called trading guru from Brighton Beach . Vic gets the last laugh on us all . After all , you swallow the bait - you bought his book ! `` Many games are won by players that are smart ; many games are lost by players that are too smart '' . And so on.Without a doubt Vic was a great speculator . This book brought me some good thoughts as to how gaming , gambling and competitive sports correlate with speculating the markets . Seductive title on cover is an excellent marketing that is not substitute for biographic prose , shameless self-advertisement , and simple investment cliches.Sometimes it is amusing . The last chapter unexpectedly named `` Sex '' - this is something quite new for the investment non-fiction . There are some interesting ideas in this book . But do not get this book if you are expecting the ABC of trading . If you 're looking for a formula for trading success , this is not the book to read ...
 I do n't know what it is , but I ca n't get into this book at all . I 've read tons of investing books as I am a financial reporter at a nationally distributed financial/investment newspaper . I feel there 's a lot of rambling without a lot of cohesion in his ideas .
 In finance , `` The Black Box '' describes a hidden and usually quantitative process an investor might employ to select securities or markets . The author clearly employs such a box in his work though it seems completely subjective . The problem is , he does not see fit to explain the inputs ; the book reads like a mystery novel without a resolution . In his defense , he does say , at the outset , that he is not going to teach you his methods . Yet you expect more . The book is a long -LRB- very long -RRB- recounting of his own personal history -LRB- including odd digressions on Coney Island , and his father , whom he worships through a nine-year old 's eyes -RRB- as well as his interests -- how these things created the savant . As Flaubert might say , it 's the stuff of his `` Sentimental Education . '' But investing is not strictly literary . Imagine a Brain Surgeon explaining his techniques by alluding to his liberal arts term papers and you 'll grasp the essential frustation with the book . For example , the author equates trading with the performance and appreciation of symphonic music . Indeed , he says he hires musicians to move millions in options money . Why ? He does n't elaborate ; only that they are better . Horse Racing is another analogy he mentions . But what are the statistical underpinnings ? How does a Racing Form connect to the Wall Street Journal ? One more
 I purchased Mr. Niederhoffer 's book after his much publicized debacle in the stock market in October , in an attempt to understand what could have motivated him to take the risks that brought his trading career to an end . What I got out of the book , besides a plethora of shameless self-aggrandizement was reinforcement to the old adage that sometimes , it is better to take than to give advice . Mr. Niederhoffer 's herky-jerky style and numerous tangential forays into the `` academic & philosophical '' foundation of speculation do nothing to keep the readers attention or interest and at best comes across as intellectual chauvanism . This approach to the subject , liberally sprinkled with accounts of what a big lasagna he is -LRB- was ? -RRB- , makes for a tedious and sometimes annoying read . A point worth highlighting was , his accurate description of the `` HOO-DOO '' or `` tipster '' -LRB- in laymans parlance -RRB- and his recollection of meeting Ivan Boetsky , in the prime of his career , and regarding him in this light . From Niederhoffer 's accounts of how many times he was closing to losing the `` farm '' and his repeat mistakes in the markets , calling Boetsky a HOO-DOO smacked a bit hypocritical . To say that Victor Niederhoffer was an accident waiting to happen is a fair assesment of the book . -LRB- Ironically , his best friend George Soros seemed to think so , as Niederhoffer so proudly boasts in the opening chapter . -RRB- Playing the absent-minded professor in the reality of the modern financial world can exact a tremendous price . Sadly , Niederhoffer was too busy telling everyone else this , and forgot to take into account his same weaknesses .
 If you expect something like Pit Bull , Reminiscences of a stock operator , market wizards -LRB- I&II -RRB- , Trader vic , Investment Quotient etc etc , you will be worse off than even disappointed . This book takes you to anywhere but successful investment and trading . Talking about trading and investment there are plenty of good ones out there for you to pick instead of wasting your time and money on this . I dont understand how some reviewers say it 's a must for the traders or investors . Quite the opposite , as a professional trader , this one is excellent to sell short .
 The author offers nothing that is not already known . In the preface he even states `` if I had decided to give away secrets and systems that I thought would have recurring value , -LSB- people who know me -RSB- would doubtless have prevailed on me not to spill the beans . `` So why would you want to read a book with no `` recurring value ? `` Make sure you saved your receipt .
 Just a bunch of BS about how good he is at playing squash . It 's completely boring . I ca n't believe I paid for the hardback of this book . Do n't bother . There 's nothing here .
 Meandering nonsense that tells the reader nothing about how to speculate in anything . The author claims it is in there but between the lines as he can not give away his secrets . Well , he does not . A waste of money for someone wanting to learn how to trade .
 I think it is funny that the author , himself shows up to defend the book -LRB- aks putrid garbage -RRB- he has tried to slide to the public ... this was a review way at the bottom of the list . All accounts of the book being an exercise in ego massage are confirmed by Neiderhoffers attempt to justify his rubbish as a conspiracy of envy . What a laugh . I reviewed the book previously -LRB- see Victor Victorius -RRB- and gave it one star . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ The book is not kind to the many poseurs , propagandists and Ponziists who populate the speculative world . It shows how the wisdom that ordinary people gain from their everyday activities involving games , music , gambling , nature , connections and counting can lead to much better prospects for success than the guidance authored by the 100 most renowned gurus and magicians . Unfortunately such breaking of taboos , including the depiction of the public in its usual niche in the market as a contributor of money to absorb the substantial overhead that keeps the market running is bound to raise the hackles and incur the wrath of many within the market ecosystem , e.g. the dealers , the brokers and the large speculators . While I am certainly open to legitimate criticism and know that this book has many defects , I am afraid that a mole/enemy is out there attempting to poison the well . Please be wary of any critiques of my book that appear to be written from a scatological or pornographic mien
 I like to to believe that I understand real estate because that is my profession . But my passion is the markets . I have my CMT certification . I know that I can make the transition from real estate to trading and be successful . Some say that I cocky and obnoxious but I know that I am good . I contribute to many chatrooms and many fellow participants respect what I have to write because I am truly the best . For example my contributions to the Bollinger site is arguably the most profound and meaningful . Other subscribers await my reviews of well know and highly respected experts because I am not afraid to identify their weak spots . So too with this author . He could n't make it with money management and went bust and his books are a bust as well . He uses his supposed educational pedigree to impress propsective readers with his illogical conclusions . I once saw and tried to listen to a presentation he gave in Florida before the release of his book . His phony and empty-headed accomplice , wife ? was there as well and someone accompanied him with a piano . Thank gosh the piano was sufficiently loud to drown his pompous , worthless gibberish . It would have been better had this inane book been accompanied by a loud CD that drowned out his drone . I would NOT read this book even if he paid me . It is truly an expression of this pompous egotisitcal loser and his empty excuses for failing with others ' money . I have no respect for poeple who are cocky and do n't have the performance and experience to back up their pomposity . I should know what to look for as I am just like Niederhoofer -- we 're both too cocky but at least my attitude is justified . This guy is truly someone that people kicked sand on when he was in high school -- a nerd par excellence with no substance to back up his claims . He should be a philiosophy professor but he could never pass the muster to get certified .
 What a disappointment . The book barely qualifies as a book on speculation . Instead , it is a long winded , rambling account of the author 's -LRB- non-investing -RRB- life ; after page upon page devoted to a topic other than speculating/investing -LRB- e.g. sports -RRB- he attempts to draw some parallel between the subject in question -LRB- e.g. sports -RRB- and speculating/investing . All too often , the analogies/parallels are weak to non-existent . For a book supposedly dedicated to speculating , remarkably little of it actually deals with this topic . There can be no doubt the author has tremendous knowledge ; he simply choses not to share it with his readers in this offering . Do n't waste your money .
 The scientific method seems to be main message of the book . If you ca n't quantify it do n't trade it . At least that 's the theory . In reality the book gives us a tour of every wrinkle in Victor Niederhoffer 's bellybutton . His childhood in Brighton Beach , his misfortunes at playing squash and at Harvard , his would be academic career , how he got Soros to mistrust him , and finally his own hedge fund before it went belly-up the scientific way . All stories seem to have the same message
 You only have to read the Wall Street Journal of 9/10/97 to learn that the author -- actually his hedge fund investors -- were almost totally wiped out in the recent Southeast Asian currency and market collapse.Victor claims in the WSJ that George Soros told him to remain in the Thai market after it started its meltdown . Hmmm , what about Victor 's individual responsibility for such a decision ? It is always quite telling to have the opportunity to judge the future performance of a supposed investment genius , especially when the publication of a self-congratulatory biography coincides in time with a total reversal of his/her investment fortunes . Wonder what Victor will call his sequel -- `` Flunking out of a Speculator '' , perhaps ? As a final note , since Victor repeatedly links himself to George Soros in his book , please note that Soros got out of Southeast Asia unscathed , and has now reentered it to `` pick the bones '' of failed investors such as Niederhoffer
 This book is not about speculating at all . It is about how Victor plays checkers with a 90 year old , how to play squash , handball , tennis etc. . . Then if he was n't talking about games he was talking about Brighton Beach , NY then about Artie -LRB- his dad -RRB- . I am sure his dad was a great guy but I do n't want to read about how his mother and father met and got married . Then every once in a while he will throw in something about the markets and some study that he has done . The studies and the text after them are really good if he would have stuck to that topic it would be a decent book.Also it is very hard to read . In one paragrah he would be talking about his uncle Howie 's strategy in handball and then burst right into speculating the next paragraph without really even trying to connect the two . When he does talk about trading he does talk about his losses which most authors do n't and I found that refreshing . Overall though do n't waste your money on this book . There are tons of other books much better about the markets and personal stories about speculating .
 This book reads more like the bible than something about trading info . He tells many proverbs that can apply to anything in life . But since he was a trader he thinks these stories are like trading wisdom . He relates his stories as if he was a father talking to his boy and telling him how the world works . I do n't know if he is any smarter than anyone else or just thinks he is because he is so educated . Too many 50 cent words . The Webster definition of eloquince is to say a whole lot with few words . He is nothing of the sort . The books only use is for someone who traded the markets on feelings or coin tosses and needs to see why he lost as much as he did . Could be retitled spirit of a loser . A good reference book for those contemplating suicide after a bad trade or regular market losers . The reason I did give it a star instead of 0 is that there is wisdom buried deep within the stories . It would make and OK book for the bathroom but the paper might be a little course , but in a pinch !
 If your intentions are to pick up bad trading advice then this book is for you . A one star rating , in my eyes -LRB- and quite a few more readers I may add -RRB- is one star too many . Where are you now Mr. Niederhoffer !!!!!!!!!
 There is a lot of wisdom in this book , the wisdom of a trader . This book rides the fence of autobiography and reference manual . It is not an `` easy '' read . The first chapter was great - an easy flowing and very interesting autobiographical story . Following that is chapter upon chapter of prose and tidbits of wisdom in a very difficult to read format . Most of these chapters could have been accomplished in half the space . Good reference book ; bad structure .
 `` Education of a Speculator '' a very poor read , rambles on endlessly without point or object . I am myself a professional trader and an avid reader of a spectrum of financial literature ranging from classics like `` Reminiscence of a Stock Operator '' to modern works like `` Alchemy of Finance . '' The book itself , in the fashion that it was written , lacks the very skills that are invaluable to all traders
 This is just an autobiography filled with tons of boring information about Neidderhoffer . I really expected more . Some insight on how to come up with good ideas , something , anything . No delivery .
 Another reviewer called this book a brain-dump and I ca n't possibly top that for visual effect or appropriateness when describing this useless book . I learned nothing that I did n't already know about trading and was subjected to painful stories about his boring family . The tone of the book is insufferably haughty , snobbish and condescending . He talks about how great he is in one sentence , followed by a declaration of his humility in the next . If you want to know where Niederhoffer 's parents played handball during the winter , this book is for you . If you are looking for a real book about trading , buy Market Wizards .
 Pretentious , shallow , boring , dull , boring , pretentious , shallow , dull , -LRB- you get the picture ? -RRB- -LRB- Wish they had a rating for zero stars . -RRB-
 If he 's such a hot-shot , why does he have the time to write a book ? Should n't he be trading
 A cynical guy gets the last laugh on us all - after all , we bought the book ! Writing this autobiography helped Victor satisfy his personal , emotional needs but not many of this reader 's needs for investing insight .
 The author was more interested to justify his ego than providing any thing valuable . And his trading methods , just like his writing , lack basic consistency . And it seems to me that the arthour as a trader was more interested in ` beating the market ' than making money . This is one the worst books about investing I ever read .
 I wavered several times on buying this book . I try to avoid auto biographical material on business people because they blow more smoke than give any decent information . I should have followed my own rule . I doubt the average speculator will find Niederhoffers squash tournamentadventures anywhere near as interesting or enlightening as he apparently does .
 I 've been trying to decide what to include in this review in terms of why this book is one of my least favorites . Maybe it is because it wallows in what Thoreau mocked as `` lives of quiet desperation . '' Maybe because it tries to drain all the beauty , excitement , and hope out of life . Maybe because it claims to be , according to the author , a response to On The Road which , whatever its flaws has , a vital positive energy sparkling in it . The difference is that Kerouac actually WENT on the road and writes largely from personal experience with one of the most distinctive voices in American literature , whereas this book piles up quant intellectual metaphors about insignificant details in the lives of characters in situations utterly devoid of any redeeming value . This is just a cheap armchair attempt to spray-paint a thick coat of weakness and pity over human nature . I do n't think reducing people and situations to their lowest potential is a noble attempt at literary realism ... it 's just pathetic . The message of the book as a whole is that no substantial goodness is possible in life , or to use the vernacular - life sucks . I disagree . The only thing that sucks is Updike 's portrayal of life ! If , however , you 're all gung-ho about original sin , get several copies and build an altar to self-pity .
 Read this book just to see how a terrible , pretentious little author could one day grow up to be the great John Updike . Astonishingly bad ... and that 's working with a pretty cool story . Yes , Rabbit Angstrom is a hateful , inconsiderate little twerp ... but it 's a story worth hearing . How the story 's told , though , the language , the writing is so awful it can not be parodied effectively . For example , this book contains what must be the worst English sentence ever written . Updike , describing the conclusion of a sex act , says , `` His sea of seed buckles and sobs into a still chamber . '' Oh dear . And yes , the author became a titan . Go figure .
 I ordered this book BRAND NEW , and 4 of the pages were creased , and attatched to the inner spine area . The pages would not detatch so I had to cut them . This left the pages damaged . After unfolding the area , I saw that the pages were larger than the book itself , so I had to cut all 4 pages to fit . Now the book is in damaged condition . I can still read the text , but as someone who wants to have a book in mint condition , when they paid the price for it , I am very frustrated .
 Just finished this book ... it 's one of the 1001 Books to read before you Die . What a painful experience . There is not a character in the book you can like or feel any empathy for including Rabbit . I 'm baffled that this book is considered such a success .
 I never received the book . I emailed zp books and they said they would send another copy
 This is a well written book featuring an unsympathetic main character who is difficult to identify with . It portrays the suburban angst of the 1950s . This shtick has been done about 10,000 times since then , and I personally am sick to death of it .
 I was glancing through a time-life `` history of the last century '' book during a job interview and came across john updike in the 1960 's section . he was praised for his great american novel '' rabbit , run '' . they went on to explain how it 's about alienation and confusion of suburbia etc , etc. being a musician , i love stuff about alienation and following your heart and freedom and all of that stuff . i love springsteen and dylan but i did n't enjoy this book . it took me nearly 2 months to read a book that is only 280 pages ! that 's how slow this book is . it started off great . i 'm from a small town in PA so i can relate to the setting . harry angstrom was just far to marose . it was like he was a complete pessimistic , childish , cry baby . i can understand leaving an alcoholic wife who 's not your intillectual equivilant , but leaving your 3 year old son ? what did he ever do ? what was wrong with Ruth ? he treated her like a common whore and complaining about her weight and acting like he was entitled to do whatever he wanted to to her . updikes prose is way to convaluted and trying to dazzle the reader with his style . the sentences were to long and the descriptions were just far to out there . it was like i was reading science fiction at some points . the ending was also terrible . is harry forrest gump ? is he just going to run across Pa to California ? People think that Stephen King is a hack , but i feel the guy can tell a great story , develop interesting characters , and can get deep without being confusing . i do n't like fluff , but i do n't wa n't to have to get cliff notes to understand what the author is trying to say . i think simplicity and directness is often the better road to take .
 The book came 5 weeks after I placed the order . It came outside of the time frame it said it would . I had to purchase another book because I needed it for a book club read . Never order from this company again .
 Updike ? a great American writer ? Please . The man could n't write his way out of a paper bag . He has no diction , his prose is frightful , and he certainly is n't going to convert anyone with Rabbit Run , a pitiful waste of paper , as pretentious as it is creepy . What we have here is another sob story of a man who needs to grow up instead of playing basketball all the time . He 's not going to make the N.B.A. . So why does n't he put down the ball ? Updike 's entire novel centers around this question , trying to make the case that just because Rabbit is no good at basketball does n't mean he should n't play . Please . I suggest Moby Dick , this is pretentious trash .
 I ca n't speak to the quality of the item as I have not seen it.the delivery estimate was 3/23 - 4/7 . Today is 4/16 . WHERE IS IT?Not my first -LRB- unanswered -RRB- inquiry .
 Treatment of women revolted me and put me off . The struggle to finish it was tedious . I just did n't care about rabbit
 Rabbit was not a person I could care about . Shallow . Selfish . So I did n't care what happened to him . Could n't bring myself to finish this one .
 Huh ? Why is this story of a pathetic man such a classic ? It 's depressing , predictable and trite . For instance , when Rabit first runs away in his car , I thought O.K. we 've got a great American road trip here and we 're going to the gulf coast , but instead he returns to Pennsylvania and lives with a whore in an attempt to make a not-too-radical change that he inevitably undoes . Rabit is the classic peaked-as-a-high-school-athlete looser . Read Thomas McGuane 's Nothing But Blue Skies for a much better story of an attempted break-up .
 I agree with the reader for New York City . This Book was a total waste of time and I dreaded every turn of the page .
 To head off the inevitable criticism , let me start off by saying that I generally like reading great literature , and can enjoy books even if -LRB- or especially if ! -RRB- they are depressing or have unhappy endings . But even for such books I need a reason to care about something
 Updike 's prose is lyrical . His observational skills and ability to distill a moment , a complex idea or emotion are poetic . His story crafting is legend and well deserved . However , I hated this story . Reading it was like listening to a favorite song only to realize the lyrics are describing something repugnant . Maybe I 'm burned out on the anti-hero or just tired of being sympathetic towards dirtbags who are too unclever to meet even a modicum of their responsibilities as they reinvent their lives or search for meaning . Whatever the cause , I 'll run from spending yet another second with `` Rabbit . ''
 This novel brought tears to my eyes ... of boredom and disgust ! I ca n't believe that they have been touting this book as one of the greatest of American literature . It is about a twenty-something guy who is married with a son . He used to be a star basketball player and now , caught in a love-hate marriage and a dead-end job , the banality and drabness of his life is getting to him.Interesting so far , is n't it ? But Updike makes a mess of a promising plot . Here is what happens ... our hero decides to run away from his family , his job , his friends , everything ... he gets into the car and intends to drive someplace far away . Ah , one thinks ... a great American road trip is in order ... but no such luck . He returns to his town the same night , settles down with a prostitute , and when his wife is about to deliver a baby , goes back to her , again gets tired of her , goes back to the prostitute but is not sure if he should abandon his wife , and runs again.Sounds stupid ? It is.And the writing is tortuously slow and maddeningly muddy . It seems that Updike wrote this novel to please his literature teachers who would prefer form over substance . He writes these long paragraphs without punctuation apparently trying to describe and mirror the random thoughts of his characters ... trying to evoke a stream-of-consciousness feel about these passages but fails miserably . Such passages only make the book even more tedious and ambiguous.Here is an example of what has been called Updike 's ` Crystal-clear prose : ' `` And further inside , so ghostly it comes to him last , hangs a jagged cloud , the star of an explosion , whose center is uncertain in refraction but whose arms fly from the core of pallor as straight as long eraser-marks diagonally into all planes of the cube . `` And if you guys want an example of Updike 's cute punctuation , here are the last few words of the novel : '' ... he runs . Ah
 If you want to read a terribly depressing story that has a plot which goes nowhere , read this book . If not , stay away . This was an easy read but hard to finish book . If it had not been a gift I would not have finished it .
 Harry Angstrom , a.k.a. Rabbit , is the main character who runs away from his wife and lives with a fat prostitute named Ruth . He has wild mood swings during which he runs back to his wife , then runs to a friend named Eccles , runs back to Ruth , and finally runs away after his daughter 's funeral . Harry is someone totally irresponsible of his actions and acts hopelessly immature . If my summary of the book sounds pointless and confusing to you , then you have gotten the idea . Do n't read this book if you 're not a pious fan of John Updike .
 The primary problem with this novel is that Rabbit is neither sympathetic -LRB- he 's actually sort of a wanker -RRB- nor interestingly unsympathetic . He comes across as a spoiled little mama 's boy who seems on the verge of curling up in a corner and sticking his thumb in his mouth . This would be tolerable , possibly , if he had even the slightest sense of humor about himself ; as it is , the combination of severity and -LRB- unintentional -RRB- absurdity is more than a little trying.Updike lathers on the details , though he 's far from his best in this early effort , and as a result the novel has n't aged well at all . There 's an embarrassing , dated feel to the narrative -- a kind of 1958 hokiness to much of the descriptions , particularly Rabbit 's interactions with any of the women in the book . Things that were presumably taboo in 1959 come across as laughable today , and this further undermines Updike 's purpose.Taken as the early work of a relatively young man , the novel does have a bit of promise , though I ca n't imagine handing it to someone today and saying , `` You 've really go to read this . This is important . '' Were it not the foundation for the rest of the Rabbit series I would think it would have died a quiet death long ago .
 I read this book 5 years ago , learned to hate John Updike , and have n't picked up a book of his since . -LRB- Looking at the book on amazon and some of the other one-star reviews , maybe I should give his more recent works a shot , but this one has kept me angry for a long time . -RRB- Today , I started what seems like it will be a bad book that described `` plump , round buttocks , '' and naturally thought again of Updike and how much I had hated his description of women . I 'm not quite motivated enough to diss him to go and check out another copy from the library to search for the phrases that I hated the most -LRB- white mounds of flesh . . -RRB- , but I was delighted to see that I was not alone in my disdain for this novel and this author -LRB- at least at this phase of his writing . . -RRB- , and I am pleased to add another single-star -LRB- regrettably not zero-star -RRB- review to his depressingly high pile of praise .
 If Updike deliberately intended for this book to portray a person who 's life you definitely should NOT imitate , then maybe this book should get 5 stars . But I wish that he had stated that a little more plainly . Harry `` Rabbit '' Angstrom is , as a character in the book says to him , totally self-centered and spoiled . It made me want to scold this fictional character 's parents for doing such a poor job of raising him . The story is almost unrelentingly depressing . He thinks only of himself , and does n't care who he hurts in his pursuit of his latest whim . It would be nice if he learned something positive by the end of the book , or at least acknowledged some of his shortcomings , but alas , that is not the case . The only redeeming quality in this book is a positive portrayal of a minister -- a man who is good , doing his best , yet human . That 's a creature most writers today do n't even know exists .
 This guy must have some connections to have made such a name for himself . I defy anybody to read this book and not come away thinking that the writing is EXTREMELY amatuerish . This prose does not flow as one person mentioned -LRB- ... -RRB- . i would rate it lower but one star is the lowest amazon goes .
 This is a book about a loser that leaves his pregnant wife and moves in with a prostitute . They go out to dinner with various ` friends ' and sit around and insult each other . There is not one likable character in this book . I gave it two stars because John Updike writes so imaginatively , but his characters need help .
 Uggh !!! Updike ca n't write worth spit ! This is just pure junk . Not only is it dull , but it 's about nobodies . A total waste !
 Having just finished this book I 'm kind of sorry I did . Not completely sorry , as I liked the interactions between people and think Updike has a great eye for what makes people tick . But , about 100 pages into the book I was tired of reading all the net and snare metaphors ridden to exhaustion and decided to skip most of the overwrought description and focus on the interactions between people . The one thing that kept me going was a mild interest in seeing how Rabbit would devolve or evolve , but honestly , unlike most of the other characters , he 's the same jackass at the end of the book that he is at the beginning . In the real world people who refuse to learn from experience are oddly fascinating , at first , but in books they stale quickly . Maybe the Rabbit series gets better , I hope so , but , I do n't think I 'll ever find out .
 Now at 53 years old I was what you would call a `` mature reader '' . I 've read a lot of books & I know the difference between reading a book to build character and reading it for enjoyment . Rabbit Run did neither . I 'd heard John Updike interviewed on a public radio program & he sounded like an interesting & intelligent guy , so it was about time I tried him out . But I was not inspired to find out more about Rabbit in the other books -- he is way too ordinary & unappealing & shallow . And John Updike may get an `` A '' from his writing teacher , where form is more important than substance , but I challenge anyone to make sense of this quote -- granted , it 's out of context , but you 'd have to have a strange imagination to dream up a context for it . Here goes
 The metaphors are too obscure , they should be used to illuminate not obfuscate . Much of the book entails unnecessary distracting details of the physical setting and the characters . I saw one reviewer call his prose crystal clear - I think it 's more an attempt at poetry than prose . Only about 2 % of the writing deals with description of emotion and i felt i knew nothing more about rabbit angstrom at the beginning of the book than i did at the end -LRB- save the fact he was irresponsible -RRB-
 I had just read Eat Pray Love and wanted to read more of the same . I was excited to find Nothing to Declare , but found it quite disappointing . She complains a lot about Mexico , how she hates to be alone , her new boyfriend -LRB- who takes care of her and makes her feel like the man in the relationship -RRB- , and so on . If there was any self discovery in this story I missed it . Skippable . Read Eat Pray Love instead .
 A better title of this book might be `` Nothing Interesting to Write About '' . This book was a total disappointment . All the people the author meets and writes about are oafish , selfish and/or unlikeable , including the man she takes as a lover , as well as being thoroughly boring . The one exception is her neighbor Lupe , however her sad and hopeless situation is common refrain in any poor area of any country . Too many children , not enough money . I will say that her descriptions of travel , food and medical care in Mexico have convinced me it is not someplace I ever care to travel to .
 I finished reading this book only because I 'm on vacation and short of other books . Also , I could n't believe that there would n't be more to it at some point . Ms. Morris does write fairly well . There are some errors in the text and she clearly is not a craftwoman - she does n't do the research at various points to name animals -LRB- for instance the ` large rodent ' in the Guatemalan jungle -RRB- . The critiques of other reviewers are very correct - she is self-absorbed , but not in an interesting way . The entire book is of her taking from others what she can , with very little giving back , except to her generous neighbor , Lupe , and even in that relationship it does n't feel as if she 's really able to be humanly touched . Her travel descriptions are pathetically shallow and useless for those of us who are curious and want to know the flavor of places . The texture and description which bring the essence of a place to a reader are mostly absent . The whole book reads as a cryptic list of ` places I 've been with the crummy places I stayed while there and how I did n't like it ' saga . I would have given the book one star , except Ms. Morris does have some writing ability . I 'm very surprised this book is still in print . Ms. Morris has now had a number of other books printed and I for one ca n't imagine ever picking one of them up after having read this one . If those books are better than this one , Ms. Morris , do yourself a favor and take this one out of circulation .
 A travel book can have a dislikable narrator and still be an enjoyable reading experience -LRB- i.e. Dervla Murphy 's `` The Ukimwi Road '' - see my review - or any of Paul Theroux 's productions -RRB- . But since `` Nothing to Declare '' is more of an `` inner journey '' than a road trip , the author is pretty much the whole show . And by the last page , I was very glad to part company with her.She spends a lot of time stoically lamenting the cruelty of men - both solo and accompanied by her neighbor , a veritable poster child for oppressed Latina womanhood . But judging by the shabby way Morris treats the Mexican man who dotes on her -LRB- i.e. sniffing at his enthusiasm for domestic chores while chasing other men at the drop of a hat -RRB- , her relationship problems would seem to be mostly her fault.This sort of hypocrisy appears throughout the book . Although her only reason for coming to Mexico is to escape the shambles of her life north of the border , she sneers at the other expatriates living in San Miguel - `` writers and painters , or so they call themselves '' , `` losers '' , `` mediocre Americans '' . She blithely claims to be in contact with ghosts and prefers not to waste her palm-reading ability -LRB- ! -RRB- on the unworthy , yet wishes a New Age healer she consults would `` skip the mumbo jumbo '' . I wo n't deny the author 's writing skills succeeded in holding one 's interest . And judging by the comments here -LRB- and the fact that it 's still in print after a decade - no mean feat -RRB- , more than a few people have responded to this book . But I wo n't be travelling with Mary Morris again .
 The blurb for this book says the author wrote it after traveling in Central America -- that 's hard to believe . The main part of the plot for the second half of the book revolves around the supposedly common kidnapping for ransom of a Honduran citizen by `` Sandanistas -LSB- sic -RSB- . '' The backcover also refers to the hero being in the `` killing fields of the Sandinistas '' -- huh , wha ?! In the 1980s -LRB- the book is set in 1989 -RRB- Nicaraguan contras were based in Honduras for their attacks into Nicaragua ; no Sandinistas or armed Nicaraguan force of any political stripe before or since has been entering Honduras or any other country and kidnapping people.The book is riddled with absurd inventions like this . Take one example
 We drive I-95 from NY to Florida about four times a year . We use mostly our GPS for speed and routes . I also have and use the `` I-95 Exit Information Guide '' -LRB- from Maine to Florida -RRB- which is a great book and it sits right next to me . This `` Drive I-95 '' was very disappointing to me . The information in it is seven years old , -LRB- 2005 -RRB- -LRB- 3rd . addition -RRB- It excludes Maine of Florida and it omits most of Massachusetts , Exits 13 to 60 So its not a true I-95 guide . Its designed to read `` UP THE PAGE '' divided into two different sections driving North or South . which is not normal and is confusing . The center part is the only good part . It reads like a history lesson that makes good reading . -LRB- 2 stars -RRB- I will take it with me for bedtime reading . Too bad the edition outdated .
 I was so excited to order this book . I guess I expected more of a guide book than it is . You do get listings of what is at each exit to the Florida border on 95 - but I was hoping for some reviews -LRB- especially on the many many hotels along 95 -RRB- The most info given on a hotel is if it serves scrambled eggs for breakfast-not if it was clean-or what services it has . Mobil travel guide would have been a better choice for me . Also it reads a little off . The maps in the front representing your trip down to Florida run from the bottom of the page - up -LRB- vs going from top down as you are driving -RRB- I found this slightly annoying . On the plus side , they do list a few off the road attractions and give a little history along the way . I guess for $ 20 I expected more .
 I received my book today and went directly to the section on Florida . Oh too bad , they do n't have Florida in the book . The longest state of all and it 's not there . In the middle of nowhere when you could really use the information the most . it 's not there . I know they will bring out Drive I-95 , Florida version , in the near future and over charge for that one too .
 There are many wonderful Halloween picture books out there , but Clifford 's First Halloween is n't one of them.The text is very boring and predictable , with lines like `` Mommy made us candy apples . '' and `` My neighbors were nice . '' Often the text does n't correspond well with what 's on the page . This is confusing for preschoolers . Older children wo n't mind when the very first page opens with `` I 'm Emily Elizabeth , the cat '' but younger readers are confused . The same page shows a picture of a dog , and the little girl is wearing a cat costume . Honestly , the dog looks more like a cat than Emily Elizabeth does!The pictures are NOT really humorous . They seem hastily assembled , and truly there are dozens of picture books for young children about Halloween which are very worthwhile . Sadly enough , this book just seems to be trading on the popularity of the Clifford , The Big Red Dog character.Clifford 's First Halloween is a picture book which does n't have much to offer.ken32
 This book is called Clifford &#65533; s first Halloween and it &#65533; s about when Clifford wasn &#65533; t so big he was a little puppy and he went out for Halloween so he needed a costume . He tried an angel and it didn &#65533; t work so he tried a ghost and it was perfect . So they got all of the treats and boat that they could and after she had a party . You learn to have fun in life and you only live it once . I would recommend it .
 What a disturbing picture of law enforcement in Florida James Hall paints . Twelve corpses of people who worked in a federal research facility stacked up `` like Lincoln Logs '' , discovered by a volunteer fire dept. crew , and nothing leaks out to the news media . No investigation is ever made . Why ? Because the `` good stuff never makes it into the paper '' , according to one nudist colony member now living at the scene of the crime . `` The truly interesting news , somehow they manage to keep it quiet . '' We 're expected to believe this ? That purges going on in Florida are kept quiet ? And who is the `` they '' that keeps it quiet ? That question is never really answered , other than some oblique references to the CIA.Thorn , the laconic he-man hero of Mean High Tide readily swallows this line without a trace of doubt . So too , apparently , did the families and friends of the slaughtered researchers . Yet , in another part of Florida , a `` thorough investigation '' is made to find the person who carved an obscenity into the skin of a potato.Now , I 'm not a person who insists on absolute realism in fiction , but , golly , this seems a bit much . Twelve people ? A potato skin?Later , an ex-Mafia hood comes into Thorn 's house in a quiet residential neighborhood and honeycombs it with shots from a gun that makes fist size holes in the hardwood floor . In my limited experience , a gun that powerful makes quite a loud noise . Yet no one calls the police . Thorn has to be talked into doing this himself by his friend , Sugar , an ex-cop . It 's a gross inconvenience to Thorn , who , in his words , is `` not up to dealing with police bullshit at the moment '' . A man of action , he is not often up to dealing with such niceties , for he is usually busy avenging the brutal killings of virtually all his loved ones
 While I 've enjoyed later books by Hall , this book left me wondering if I cared if any of these characters lived or died . Thorn and Sugarman seemed unlikeable at worst , unsympathetic at best , and the other characters either bordered on annoying or superfluous . I finished it simply to see who would be left standing at the end.Read Hall , but not this book .
 Hall offers yet another look at the seamy underbelly of South Florida life , this one with a plot revolving around revenge , the threat of environmental havoc , and a rather forgettable cast of characters . The ostensible hero , Thorn -LRB- although he 's not particularly interesting or likable to root for , nor nasty enough to be an anti-hero -RRB- comes across a scheme to genetically modify and breed Red Tilapia , with potentially devastating consequences for Florida 's coastal ecology . Thorn is apparently a carryover from previous novels , in which other relatives and friends of his have been murdered , so perhaps the reader is meant to have gotten to know him better from these previous outings . In any event , when his girlfriend dies mysteriously while diving , he and his ex-cop buddy start poking their noses around . This soon entangles them with Sylvia , a stereotype man-eating sex kitten who has a bizarre relationship with her ex-CIA hitman father . Their combined actions and motivations require a rather substantial suspension of disbelief on the part of the reader . This is also required when someone tried to kill Thorn in his house , spending a considerable time firing a gun at his house without rousing anybody in the neighborhood . Of course , it 's never really clear how or why this person comes looking for Thorn , much less to shoot at ! Throw into the mix a wildlife inspector with a detachable nose , a pudgy retired Mafia boss , a mass killing at a federal research facility that apparently somehow got covered up , a bizarre and herky-jerky climax , and what you 're left with is a big mess . Hall is at his best in his lyrical descriptions of the water and landscape , but when it comes to dialogue and story , he falters and often fails .
 The book is not what I expected , rather dull and did not really cover football , the co-writer did not offer much .
 I have to confess that I could n't stomach reading more than a little over two chapters of this book . It was clear by then that this was n't going to be worth the time to read . I 've read several dozen health-related books and this is the only that has provoked that response in me . So what turned me off ? I started to get an uneasy feeling when the author stated that he spent a significant part of his career working for the National Enzyme Company , which specializes in selling enzyme supplements . That 's a conflict of interest that , at least for me , casts significant suspicion on the results of his research . And I had the feeling that he was cherry picking the research of others to support his conclusions , though obviously I did n't stick with the book long enough to confirm or deny this feeling.But the thing I could n't stomach was the proposition that over production of digestive enzymes by your body -LRB- to compensate for lack of enzymes in your food -RRB- causes your body to deplete a finite store of enzymes -LRB- which are also needed for metabolism -RRB- , and once you 've depleted your enzyme `` bank account '' you 're dead . So he basically proposes that the way to put off death is to eat lots of raw , natural foods -LRB- for their enzymes , which are destroyed when foods are cooked - this minimizes your body 's need to overproduce digestive enzymes and thus preserves enzymes for metabolism -RRB- and to live your life in such a way as to minimize your rate of metabolism so as to preserve your metabolism enzymes . Basically you should be a couch potato , but eat a very healthy diet . Doing so will have you living to a ripe old age . But if this were the case , would n't athletes all die young from over-metabolizing ? I think about my 91 year old Uncle Bill - exercises religiously , smoked and drank a good part of his life , and eats very poorly . Yet he 's in better shape than most folks 20 years younger . Now some people would correctly point out that as you become very fit your BASAL metabolic rate declines . They may point to this as proof of the author 's point . But people only become fit by being very active , so their overall metabolic rate is higher than that of an unfit , sedentary person.At least it was n't a total waste . I did learn there are three types of enzymes - metabolic , digestive and those contained in foods . And I suspect there is benefit in preserving the natural enzymes in most foods , which is part of why folks on a diet that avoids processed foods enjoy better health than those eat too many processed foods . But if I could give this book zero stars I would .
 As ' a reader ' has pointed out , this book is comprised of wholly fallacious claims based on insane leaps of -LRB- il -RRB- logic . It is completely unscientific . Period.Get on the internet and do your own legwork to discover how food enzymes have not been proven to do anything for our digestion , and how the concept of a ` metabolic pool ' of enzyme precursors is simply wrong.The burden of proof is on the theory proposed . As it is , there is none .
 This book is flawed . It should be read critically because Howell was not a responsible scholar . His logic and his use of references can not be relied on . His thinking was also extremely out of date . This might be explained by the fact that he himself was 87 when this book was published . Despite the hype , he was not a noted researcher . He was not an enzymologist and did no published research . He is unknown in the biochemical world.Howell 's main idea about enzymes can be seen in the excerpts provided here . He believed that the proteins in enzymes were mere carriers for a ` vital energy ' or ` life principle ' which he called the enzyme potential . He also believed that we were born with this enzyme potential in a limited lifetime supply . Why did he believe in this bizarre theory ? The excerpt provided gives a clue
 This CD is -LSB- bad -RSB- . It contains 5 exams , totaling about 1000 questions . At first glance , that looks pretty good . However , the testing interface is very cludgy and hard to use , and the tests are not randomized . In other words , every time you take an exam , you get the same questions in exactly the same order ! What 's the point in making a CD-based training if you 're not at least going to randomly generate the exam from the 1000 or so questions you have on the CD?Instead , the author basically took 5 paper exams , stuck them on a CD , and charged -LSB- money -RSB- for it ! Save your money . There are much better broker prep materials available online , in most cases for free . If you 're really convinced that you want this author 's `` CD '' , email me and I will sell you mine for 1/2 price .
 As a big fan of the Father Dowling series , I was very disappointed in this first book of a new series . For me , the story was dull . I did n't care who committed the murder , and I cared less about Phil and Roger who were investigating . I could n't recommend this novel .
 A good yarn , good plot , some interesting characters , but so badly written that I wonder if the author bothered to go back over what appears to be a first draft . Has he ever heard of a transition ? Where were his editors ? It did though drive to Amazon to look for an up-to-date Rockne bio -LRB- one due out this month -RRB- and found to my amazement a listing for a novel written by Rockne that figures in this murder mystery .
 This book provides a ton of good examples and solutions to help you master the subject matter . However , there are so many errors in the examples and problem sets , that you 'll pull your hair out wondering if you 're wrong or if the book 's wrong -LRB- most likely , the book is wrong -RRB- . No errata section on the website either to clarify .
 I am using this book right now to bone up on some algebra . The book is good for teaching processes . It does however , have editorial problems on nearly every single page . They are not subtle either . One problem has an = sign where there should be a - . I have found several problems where the author inserts a + sign when there should be a - sign , and then proceeds with the problem ... thus giving a wrong answer . It is nto a matter of me not knowing what I am doing either . I will vex and vex over a problem until I fall out of my chair , realizing that the book is wrong . It is good from the standpoint that it forces me to really , really think hard about a problem to make sure I have it right . I do n't think however , that was the authors intention .
 I am a sociologist and an evaluator for a state agency . Since I have found myself in more of a multidisciplinary field -LRB- I work with political scientists , educational researchers , psychometrists , developmental psychologists , etc. -RRB- , I have run across several statistical procedures and measurement techniques that I do n't have much experience with . I wanted a good dictionary to help me out , so I purchased the Oxford Dictionary of Statistics . I have found this book to be almost completely worthless for my purposes . The book seems to take a shotgun approach in that it is full of statistical procedures and techniques that -LRB- at least in my field -RRB- nobody really uses while at the same time not using enough space to explain some important and very standard procedures -LRB- such as regression discontinuity -RRB- . The short story is that it is not very useful at all for anyone working in evaluation of people and/or social programs or any kind of sociological/psychological based field . On the other hand , if you want to publish a paper using statistical procedures that only 5 people on the planet have even heard of , just flip through its 453 pages and pick one ! Look up what you need to know in Wikipedia and just forget about this dictionary .
 but not of much use otherwise . I know most people will rate my review `` not helpful '' , since that always happens to negative reviews . But so be it.I wanted to replace my old Cassells dictionary which was published 1976 and therefore out of date . But as it turns out , this dictionary will not replace it . One reason for it , is that a lot of words are missing . This is understandable given the fact that it has only 400 + pages and my Cassells has 1200 + . But somehow I missed that when ordering it , since it got so many good reviews . One other problem is that the words it contains , are not really explained and usually contain only one synonym , where in my Cassells it has a whole paragraph explaining the different meanings -LRB- and usuage -RRB- of the word.To sum it up , you get what you pay for . It is dirt cheap and it will be good enough for travel . But otherwise it is pretty useless.Maybe my review is too negative , but I have to counter all the raving reviews .
 I felt this book was very superficial regarding recent -LRB- last ten years -RRB- of RR breeding in the U.S. I was really disappointed not to see more of the great dogs and great breeders of the last ten years in the US .
 This book devotes most of its descriptive energy to portraying the unfulfilled life of this underappreciated `` playground mum . '' It 's depressing enough to put anyone off having children , and given the many advantages of Maggie 's posh lifestyle , it comes off as whinging . Somehow the playful element that might add a note of comedy is missing.You might think that things would be spiced up by the plot involving adultery . I will not give any more details here , but I do n't think I 'd be spoiling it if I did , because all of the developments of this subplot -LRB- including its eventual ironic , `` surprise '' twist -RRB- are completely obvious from the get-go . I can not recall the last time I read a book this predictable.In short , the plot of this book is not nearly exciting enough to warrant spending time with its irritating narrator .
 I enjoy romance novels , especially Regencies . But this novel left me wanting and waiting for more story substance . Penelope and Marcus supposedly marry for convenience and eventually fall in love . But the details of their relationship were definitely missing . And in Penelope 's supposed response to Marcus ' advertisement , we are never told who truly wrote it or why . One more sub-plot that could have been nicely explored was Penelope 's brother , James , and his changed attitude.As much as I love Regencies , I really can not recommend this novel . Perhaps Ms. Bray 's other novels are much improved .
 I really enjoy regency romances . But I have to agree with another reviewer that this book had no substance to it , at all . It started with some original twists to the `` marriage for convience '' plot , but it never went anywhere . I never felt connected to any of the characters . While the couple is obviously supposed to be slowly falling in love , the author never showed me why they would . They were one demonsional characters . There was no progression that made sense to me . I would not recommend this book . And there were holes in the plot - at one point the husband plans to take the cruel brother to task as soon as they return to Edinbourough , but then he never does . And all of a sudden the brother `` hates '' his sister - and she never had any problems with him for all her life until the few months of this book - and this antagonism is never satisfactorily explained .
 Although the story line was intriguing , I found the characters half-formed and they failed to capture my interest . I could not understand the scandal that just because she was seen leaving the solicitor 's office she was forced into marriage . Why was her brother so cruel after living harmoniously for so long ? The brother 's mysterious and spiteful fianc&eacute;e behind it all is never met.I have found other Patricia Bray romances very enjoyable but this one had no substance .
 As good as the ideas are in this book , from the perspective of a hardcore blogger , this author has zero street credibility.I was introduced to David Kline as a public figure , per chance , by catching him on The O'Reilly Factor . While I almost exclusively watch O'Reilly segments through Media Matters for America , I tuned into this particular segment about slanderous websites , because I was interested in hearing O'Reilly spinning reality once again.Kline was a guest , supposedly the balanced guest from the left , who was immediately blown away by the conversation and O'Reilly . How so ? Kline could n't even engage in the conversation , because he had never even heard of Media Matters , the site that O'Reilly focused his vengeance upon.Huh?So I go to Kline 's blog and I get involved in a few of his posts . The first is basically an open apology to the left and to bloggers for how he allowed himself to be used and abused by O'Reilly . A ton of people posted comments , with many getting on him for his lack of preparation when appearing on an obvious ambush show.At first glance , I shrugged it off as a poor showing and gave the guy a break . Today , my perspective changed . Why ? Go to his site , blogrevolt , and scroll down to the lower right side of the page . His `` site '' -LRB- his nomenclature -RRB- is being managed by Christian Sarkar , a marketing guy that has coined his own website marketing strategy called , `` Double Loop Marketing . `` Let me get this straight ; a guy with no hours put in as a blogger -LRB- his archives go back two months at the time of this review -RRB- writes , authoritatively , about the future of blogging -LRB- `` Blog ! How The Newest Media Revolution Is Changing Politics , Business and Culture '' -RRB- and has someone `` managing '' his `` site ? '' Apparently , creating a blog template is too much for this `` blogger '' so he hires a marketing guy to build his blog , along with providing a strategy to pitch his book on the future of blogs to a demographic , which includes bloggers that come to his blo ... I mean ... `` site ? `` No wonder Billy Boy 's staff picked this guy.Kline is the one representative of the `` blogging community '' O'Reilly finds to placate the balanced coverage that Media Matters so devilishly demands ... and he just so happens to not know who they are?This a perspective from the outside , someone who created a blog to promote the sales of a book while looking inside his subject matter .
 I have read a number of books about blogging . This one is by far the worst . It is a bunch of essays and interviews . Lot of focus on politics . Not really much focus on blogging . This title of this book should not be `` blog ! '' . Although I have never written an Amazon review before , I felt I had to warn everyone about this dud .
 I was very disappointed in the book . Unfortunately , there 's at least as much ranting from the author about his views of what 's wrong with the political left , and as much of his glorifying of the political right , as there is info about blogs . Info about blogs seemed to be only a backdrop from which to share his strong right-wring political views . If you are a strong right-winger , buy the book . Otherwise , if you are a centrist , on the left , or interested primarily in blogs , do n't buy this book .
 This review covers only the Gateway Movie Classics edition , softcover , 1999 . What a thrill to revisit this gripping story that I enjoyed in childhood so much . Good writing , excellent story-telling , if you 're not too squeamish to tolerate late 19th century colonialist literature.But skip this edition . Mainly because of the numerous typos scattered inanely through the book ... periods dropped into the middle of sentences , rogue exclamation points , and words inaccurately transcribed as though an original text had been OCR scanned without any professional quality checking . Inexusable in a professional publication . And , frankly , I do n't think the movie is all that great , so the cover photo of a film version Quatermain does n't do much for me.Get another edition !
 Every so often I get the feeling that a good old timey adventure book would be a good thing to read . This is -LRB- hopefully -RRB- the last time I think this as the results are always dire . Conan Doyle 's `` The Lost World '' was one hell of a struggle . Chesterton 's `` The Man Who Was Thursday '' was dreadful . However , Rider Haggard 's `` King Solomon 's Mines '' takes the prize for most unreadable load of old toss ever .3 Englishmen ponce into Africa on a treasure hunt . They cross romantic terrain , shoot majestic animals , patronise and insult black people , before leaving with a few pocketfuls of giant diamonds back to Blighty . What ho!Sounds a bit of a lark , what ? It 's not . First off , Haggard has his hero Quatermain say in the first chapter that they went to Africa , did this , did that , and made it back home with the treasure . Oh great , now I 'm really on the edge of my seat . Now when Quatermain and chums are in danger and the chapter ends on a `` cliffhanger '' -LRB- by Victorian standards -RRB- I 'll know that they make it out because this was explained in the first chapter!Also , Haggard has the annoying habit of describing every single meaningless detail in a scene . So when they cross the desert , you have endless descriptions of wind , and how thirsty everyone is , and how if they do n't make it they 'll die and the characters start whinging and do n't stop and will they make it . . ? Look an oasis , we 're saved ! No tension whatsoever anyway , we all know they make it BECAUSE THEY SAY SO AT THE START ! All this needless exposition and attempts at drama are useless if we know the characters make it.The most offending attempt at literature in this amazingly labelled `` classic '' is the way Haggard deals with Africans . They 're all `` noble savages '' who for some reason speak like medieval dukes . `` Thou hast '' , `` ye '' , `` sayest not '' , `` hark '' , etc all make regular appearances in their speech but does he honestly think Africans speak like that ?! The Englishmen patronise the Africans like pets and Haggard has the Africans run about like gormless children , either behaving `` nobly '' ie . standing around bored saying nothing , or like coked up teens with a hormone imbalance , ie . screaming , tearing hair , killing people randomly . No attempt at characterisation is made and none of the characters seem at all real . In fact they all sound remarkably the same , like a middle class educated Englishman.This is the most tedious novel I 've ever read , it actually made me angry while I was reading . Haggard ca n't seem to accept the reader has the capacity to fill in the gaps . For example , rather than say `` they went to the ridge and sat down '' , he has to say `` they gathered up their things -LRB- items are listed and digressed -RRB- , and after several parting words -LRB- list numerous mundane words -RRB- , hastened up the path -LRB- description of path and weather -RRB- , while we wondered about -LRB- list everything thats happened thus far -RRB- and upon reaching the ridge -LRB- list various mundane observations the characters have made while walking -RRB- we sat down and gazed at the view -LRB- list needless description of mountain range -RRB- . '' It 's EXHAUSTING . I hurled the book away from me every time I sat it down -LRB- about every 3 chapters -RRB- and am amazed at my tolerance for poor writing.How is this a classic ? It 's not at all on the level of `` Great Expectations '' or `` The Picture of Dorian Gray '' or numerous other examples . There 's no profundity , no great story , no great writing . Haggard is a very minor writer and his contribution to literature is very small , if at all recognisable . I am amazed this is listed as a classic when it is the 1880s version of a Lee Child novel . Give this a wide book berth , it 's appalling .
 I read another book by this author , Children of the Mist , which was fabulous . That book was like an Indiana Jones movie . This book is very different . I could not get into this at all . Very dry , confusing .
 Apparently this book is considered to be a classic of English literature because it is a literary archetype - the first of the so-called `` Lost World '' genre , in which explorers trek off to vast , mysterious unknown lands and discover great things . Archetype or no , I did n't like it one bit.Where to begin ? For one thing , though it was considered enlightened for its day , the book contains plenty of hard-to-stomach racism . It takes place in modern-day South Africa , and - to put it bluntly - the native South Africans are portrayed as inferior to whites . True , the author takes pains to state that some blacks deserve the title of ` gentleman ' more than some whites , and to show that Africans have pride , nobility , and culture . But these observations are delivered within a fundamentally condescending narrative in which black servants are shown to venerate white skin , to be willing to give their lives to save their `` masters , '' and to aspire to be like their white overlords.The book is also dated in its joyful descriptions of African game hunting . A particularly disturbing description of the slaughter of eight African elephants - killed , of course , only for their ivory - was supposed to be exciting , but only made my stomach turn.These are , of course , modern complaints and one might argue that it 's not fair to judge the book out of its time . Leaving aside these aspects , therefore , I turn to my other chief grievance , which is that the author failed to engender in me any interest in the fate of the protagonists . Why ? Because they do not seem like sympathetic characters to me , but rather like willfully-unprepared fools . As an example , consider one incident in which these men must cross 100 miles of desert . They know in advance that they will have to cross the desert , and they know how big it is - both because they have a map , and because they can see the mountains on the other side of it . But do they bring along enough water for themselves to drink as they cross the desert ? They do not . Not by half . What about shelter -LRB- in the form of a few blankets hung on poles , for example -RRB- with which they might shield themselves from the hot desert sun ? Nope ... they plunge into the desert with just two days ' worth of water , and no shelter or appropriate clothes . I was therefore completely unsympathetic to their plight when they - -LRB- lo and behold -RRB- - began to suffer from dehydration . Similarly , when these foolhardy men at last reach the mountains on the other side of the desert , they begin to feel cold and hungry , because they have failed to bring any warm clothes or food with them . But why should I care ? This is stupidity , nothing more or less.My last complaint with the book is that I found it predictable , and therefore dull . Having slogged through the first 1/3 of it , I felt as though I already knew most of what would happen ... and indeed , when I looked it up on Wikipedia , I found that I was correct in all my guesses.It may be that this is a classic of English literature , but I feel that I must review the book on its merits as I see them as a reader - not as a historian . And from that perspective it gets two thumbs down .
 This book is full of the horrors of hunting and poaching for profit and sport . I could n't stomach another chapter after the one titled `` An Elephant Hunt . '' I love classics and have read my share of them ; this is full of atrocious viciousness and the base human qualities that have driven species to the brink of extinction through pain and suffering . It is NOT an `` adventure '' to kill for fun ; it is abominable .
 This book is terrible , unclear and contributed to my thorough distaste for the otherwise interesting subject of economics .
 The Parkin book is dumb down but so much so that you dont understand Microeconomics the way you 'll need to if you plan on taking advanced theory , money and banking , etc. I prefer McConnell Brue who has been the staple and bible of Microeconomics for years!Smart universities choose McConnell Brue and dumb ones like Micro econ at Rice seem to choose Parkin .
 In preparation for the Army AFAST test I bought this book and two other study guides - I 'm so glad I got the other study guides because the CliffsTestPrep is FILLED with errors . In going through one section of a sample test there were two questions with more then one possible answer -LRB- i.e. answer A was identical to answer C -RRB- , and one question with NO correct answer . These types of errors are filled throughout the book ; whoever was the editor on this project did a horrible job !
 I bought this book as a first step to preparing for the ASTB . This book is so full of mistakes , from BASIC math to the spacial apperception portion , that I was upset I spent any money on it . Certain sections left me more confused than when i started due to so many mistakes . The author should be ashamed to publish something with so many obvious errors . My first clue should have been the fact that the author ` retired ' from the Air Force as a 1LT .
 A retired flight officer may have written this book , but you wo n't make officer by using it!Shame on me for not checking Amazon reviews before buying this book ! I happened upon this study guide at a brick and mortar store and I was really quite excited to offer my husband a second tool to lend some variety in helping him study for the AFAST . However , what we found was that this book was full of WRONG ANSWERS ! I 'm not even talking typos here . I 'm talking about several answers in the test key actually being wrong . Sure , you can study by finding and recognizing the author 's mistakes but in my opinion you should not have to question the correctness of a test prep guide . Now , I will be honest ... the inaccuracies we found were only in the practice test sections , but since the errors were so profuse we did n't even want to look at the review section for fear that we could n't trust the accuracy of information.Pass on this one and stick to the official military AFAST study manual !
 This book has the LEAST amount of study reviews among which the information given in the book may even mislead the test preparers.As many have already mentioned , this book has so many typos and misinterpretation of the problems/answers . Do not make yourself another helpless victim , and avoid this book , period . I have heavily relied on test-prep books since the SATs , PSATs , GRE , and now ASTB , and I tell you , this book is the WORST I have ever studied with .
 This , like any other study guide , is good to understand what will be on the test , and how to interperet information . However , the practice tests are filled with errors . One question will have a picture and the correct answer . A few questions later , the same exact picture , but a different answer . I bought it for the AFAST , and the `` complex movements '' section is worse . Again , good for understanding how it works , but terrible practice tests . Two same questions , two different answers ...
 Very basic book , not a large section for what I wanted . There are much better study guides out there to use .
 I bought this book as an introduction to the spacial apperception and aviation information sections of the ASTB . There are so many errors in the book that I started the test more confused than I would have been if I had n't tried to study . The spacial apperception test was n't even close to the kinds of study questions in this book and the mechanics section was far less technical than this study guide led me to believe . The officer administrating the test told me afterward that they usually recommend the ARCO guide and now I know why .
 Lots of typo , lots of wrong answers . If you check the back of the answer sheet , it might say the answer is C . But when you look at the explaination , it refers to B. Dont buy this book if you wan na become an officer .
 This is one of the most error-ridden prep books I 've ever seen . The editors must not have been getting paid well for this one.There 's at least one error on every page ; and not just misspellings or whatnot , I found several instances where identical problems had different answers , and occasionally two identical answers were given for the same problem.Made everything much more complicated than it needed to be .
 Cliff notes should be ashamed . Mistakes in one of their literature guides for someones book report is one thing . Mistakes in this test prep where someones career and ultimately their lifes goals are on the line , unexceptable !
 How a book gets published that blatantly screws up basic Newtonian physics I will never understand . If I had anything to do with the publication of this book I would be ashamed . The worst part is that people who read this book might be relying on it to pass one of the service flight exams , and it is so error ridden and filled with flat out wrong methods of problem solving -LRB- esp with kinematics -RRB- that it will actually hurt their ability to perform on the exam.Please do not buy this book . Get the Arco one .
 I am in the process of studying for the AFQOT . I bought this book instead of the other test-prep books because it was the most challenging -LRB- the other books are apparently much easier than the actual test -RRB- . All in all , there does n't appear to be any single good book for the AFOQT . This book has plenty of typos , poor or no explanations , and oddly worded questions . I am not even sure if the author took any officer candidate tests himself . Buy this book if you want practice with electrical mazes , spatial apperception , etc. . Do n't buy it if you are trying to learn something new to you .
 If you are studying for the AFAST DO NOT use this book . The instrument and complex movement practice sections contain numerous grievous errors . The AFAST does not contain high level math test like this book indicates , but instead mechanical concepts . It is amazing that this book was published in this apparently unedited and misinformed state . The book the Army gave me to review 15 minutes prior to testing was way better . No one in my family will every buy a cliffs test prep book again for any reason . If someone fails the test because of this crappy book I hope they sue so it gets pulled from the shelves and other do n't fall victim .
 There are so many errors in this book . Its shameful . If you 're a beginner trying to get an understanding of aircraft maneuvers based on gauges , dont bother with this one . It 'll have you scratching your head !
 I ca n't believe the poor job of technical editing in this book . I am a pilot and all of the Flight errors in this book will confuse you if you do n't already know how to fly
 The practice test bared no similarity to the actual AFAST :1 -RRB- On mechanical section , there are no numbers on real AFAST2 -RRB- The answers on the cyclic section are wrong3 -RRB- The helicopter knowledge section was much easier -LRB- and more fundamental -RRB- on the actual AFASTIt 's a waste of money and time .
 Just like everyone else on here I am so pissed off . I will NEVER purchase another book from this publisher . I dont care if its the best book inthe world . Absolutely no excuse . They should refund everyones money and do a massive recall . This should be against the law . Im so pissed right now that all I can really think about is swear words . Thanks for absolutely & ^ % ^ % $ # nothing .
 the book was a bore . lacking real emotion , very `` fake & quot
 Dreary and SO poorly written I could have cried ! I have seldom seen a work with such flimsy plot and utterly insipid characters . What a shame !
 Nothing is quite as disappointing as hoping for a good scary novel and winding up with a pathetic collection of silly , disjointed gore scenes that even grade-school kids would n't find exciting . This book truly takes liberties with the reader 's sensibilities ... beginning with his or her concept of what constitutes entertaining , well-written fiction ! The bottom line
 This book is the biggest hodgepodge of melodramatic -LSB- garbage -RCB- I 've ever seen . `` Curious George Goes To The Hospital '' looks like a masterpiece by comparison . Then there 's the horrifyingly bad translation , which I can only describe as the work of a deeply disordered mind -- Jacinthe Leclerc should either be checked into a mental ward or the Betty Ford Clinic -LRB- perhaps both , just to be on the safe side -RRB- . In short , count yourself lucky if you do n't read this one .
 I have not read Dr. Rodman 's previous book on Winnicott 's correspondence . However , this book seemed to me like an expansion of it . The effect of this style was to make the narrative choppy and uneven . While there were some tasty passages that inspired me to finish the book , these were too infrequent and distracted from by the over-reliance on quoted correspondence .
 On the substantive side , the dictionary is unsatisfactory because it does not have the pronunciation and the English part is British English -LRB- `` boot '' , meaning trunk -RRB- , even for slang -LRB- to `` chat up '' , meaning `` to pick up '' -RRB- . On the non-substantive side , this dictionary rarely misses an opportunity to give the politically correct cliche -LRB- environmentalism , for big government , etc -RRB- or stereotype -LRB- e.g. , for men as violent against women -RRB- .
 As with a lot of 18/19th century German philosophy -LRB- Herder , Kant , etc -RRB- , you find yourself plopped down into a view of the world animated by such unfathomably large abstract concepts -LRB- Spirit , Thought , Will , Essence -RRB- that you have to wonder why the author even bothers . Every concept is contingent upon and reduces into every other concept , or evolves into it , or whatever . This is not an attempt at an original inquiry as much as it is Hegel attempting to put together a historical justification for his broader philosophical system by attempting to anatomize the pyschological ` states ' of various periods of history , a dubious project , at best . An awful lot of it boils down to this kind of sinister justification for a brand of uber-nationalism which seems eerily reminiscent of what made the first half of the twentieth century such an unbelievable nightmare . Though maybe some of my issues with the text have to do with the Sibree translation , which is piss-poor at best . After reading this , I kind of suspect that Hegel 's prominence in Western philosophy has more to do with his creation of a system so byzantine that its nearly impossible to coherently refute -LRB- Which means it must be right . Right ? -RRB- rather than from any profound insight it offers
 Worst book ever written . Run for the hills ! Run away ! Upon reading , anticipate headaches . Upon finishing -- if ever -LRB- and you are a god if you do -RRB- -- the polar ice caps would have melted and you 'd be just alive enough to realize you no longer have friends . Live a little ...
 In his Philosophy of History , Hegel stated , `` Philosophy concerns itself only with the glory of the Idea mirroring itself in the History of the World ... -LSB- W -RSB- ith all the changing scenes , the History of the World ... is this process of development and the realization of Spirit - this is the true Theodicaea , the justification of God in History . -LRB- Hegel , 457 -RRB- As stated in the previous review , Hegel 's Philosophy of History has impacted the modern historian of past decades as well as the postmodern historian of more recent decades . Hegel 's worldview and resulting philosophy of history can be better understood within the cultural context of Hegel 's homeland of Germany , especially in the areas of Pietism and German idealism.In his work , Christianity Through the Centuries , Earle Cairns explains that in Germany , Lutheranism of the of seventeenth century emphasized the intellectual aspect of religion . The cold orthodoxy of Lutheranism resulted in Pietism , which emphasized the subjective aspect of man 's relation to God . Cultivation of a pious life included good works as an expression of true religion . Pietism emphasized prayer and individual Bible study with the Holy Spirit as an Illuminator of the Bible . -LRB- Cairns , 272 , 413 -RRB- Hegel stated , `` Luther repudiated the authority of the Church , setting up in its stead the Bible and the testimony of the Human Spirit . '' -LRB- Hegel , 416-417 -RRB- Hegel 's background of Pietism seems to have influenced his view of Luther 's role in the Church.Within Pietism , indifference to doctrine led to some adopting the philosophy of idealism . -LRB- Cairns , 272 , 413 -RRB- Where the Enlightenment appealed to human reason , Romanticism appealed to human imagination , which was capable of recognizing the profound sense of mystery which arises from realizing that the human mind can not comprehend the finite world , let alone infinity . Human subjectivity and inwardness were now seen as a mirror of the infinite . Confident that they could know the inner secrets of absolute reality , the idealists concluded that all objects of knowledge , and indeed the whole universe , are the products of an absolute subject , an Absolute Mind . -LRB- McGrath , 227-228 & Stump , 306 , 316 -RRB- Hegel conceived history as the `` development of humankind 's awakening consciousness . '' -LRB- Nash , 109-112 -RRB- Romanticism identified the infinite with human subjectivity and inwardness . Hegel likewise described the history of philosophy as the development of the Absolute 's self-consciousness in the mind of humanity.Hegel defined truth as the synthesis of humanity 's subjective will -LRB- their own thinking -RRB- and the universal Will -LRB- which is objectified in the laws and organization of the State -RRB- . Hegel believed the World Spirit is working out its own freedom throughout the process of history . When humans act feely , they advance self-consciousness in their nation . Different eras of history manifest different degrees of freedom which become incarnate in one nation at a time . -LRB- Nash , 109-112 -RRB- Hegel spoke of the rational will of the whole society , yet he viewed morality as an element in the dialectic process representing the relation between freedom and duty , between the universal will and the individual will . Stumpf explains that for Hegel , the highest freedom occurs when the individual acts according to the universal , rational will of the whole society . In his Philosophy of History , Hegel used examples of various peoples who represented `` three moments in the development of freedom . '' -LRB- Stumpf , 312-316 -RRB- Hegel described these three moments in terms of the Orient , the Mediterranean , and Hegel 's own Christian Germany.Hegel identified the Orient as the first moment , which included the immersion of Spirit in natural life . In all the pagodas , the Brahmins instruct prostitutes and dancing girls . `` Theological doctrine - relation of religion to morality - is here altogether out of the question . '' -LRB- Hegel , 157 -RRB- The State appeared first in -LSB- China and India -RSB- as an immediate , natural unity - as a despotism . Because the form of government was an absolute monarchy , freedom in such Asian states was merely potential . -LRB- Nash , 113 -RRB- The Orientals knew nothing of freedom except that the potentate alone could do what he wished . -LRB- Stumpf , 315 -RRB- As stated earlier , Hegel described the history of the world in terms of `` changing scenes . `` During the second moment of Hegel 's history , the scene shifted from the Orient to the Mediterranean . Hegel explained that `` God not appear to the Greeks in the flesh ... -LSB- b -RSB- ecause man was not duly estimated , did not obtain honor and dignity , till he had more fully elaborated and developed himself . '' -LRB- Hegel , 249 -RRB- The nations of Greece and Rome rejected despotism in favor of aristocracy / democracy . Among the Greeks , the notion of law was the important innovation . -LRB- Nash , 113 -RRB- Although the Greeks and Romans knew the concept of citizenship , they limited this status only to a few and regarded others as being by nature slaves . -LRB- Stumpf , 315 -RRB- Since only some were subject to law in Greece , the essential rights of all people were not yet recognized . Therefore , freedom for the Greeks was an accident . -LRB- Nash , 113 -RRB- In the third moment of Hegel 's history , the scene shifted from the Mediterranean to Germany . Within the Christian Germany of Hegel 's time , the Pietists emphasized the subjective rather than the objective . The subjectivism within Pietism seemed to merge with Hegel 's interpretation of Lutheranism . Hegel believed the Lutheran understanding of Truth `` is not a finished and completed thing ; the subject himself must be imbued with Truth , surrendering his particular being in exchange for the substantial Truth , and making that Truth his own ... . In the Lutheran church the subjective feeling and the conviction of the individual is regarded as equally necessary with the objective side of Truth . As subjective Spirit gains emancipation in the Truth , Christian Freedom is actualized . -LRB- Hegel , 416-417 -RRB- Hegel believed freedom reached its full realization in his homeland of Germany . In his final chapter , Hegel described the Modern Time of Germany in terms of Reformation , political development , as well as Illumination and Revolution.In his discussion of Reformation in Germany , Hegel stated , `` That harmony -LSB- of Objective and Subjective Will -RSB- which has resulted from the painful struggles of History , involves the recognition of the Secular as capable of being an embodiment of Truth ; whereas it had seen formerly regarded as evil only , as incapable of Good -- the latter being considered essentially ultramundane . It is now perceived that Morality and Justice in the State are also divine and commanded by God , and that in point of substance there is nothing higher or more sacred . '' -LRB- Hegel , 422 -RRB- Hegel seems to elevate the secular state as the most true , the most sacred of all substances.In his discussion of political development in Germany , Hegel described a certain phenomenon common between the Catholic and the Protestant world as a tendency of the human mind to regard `` the Inward , the Abstract , and the Religious element '' as `` utterly alien to the secular . '' As man awakened to the `` lively consciousness of his subjective life and the inward origin of his volition , '' he considered his `` belief in Evil , as a vast power the sphere of whose malign dominion is the Secular . '' -LRB- Hegel , 425 -RRB- Hegel seems to reject the dualism of Plato -LRB- between the temporal and the eternal -RRB- . In his discussion of Illumination and Revolution , Hegel used the term Eclairissement -LRB- Aufklarung -RRB- when referring to Reason . He defined Reason as `` the Laws of Nature and the substance of what is right and good . '' -LRB- Hegel , 441 -RRB- For Hegel , the dialectic process in the ethical sphere is constantly moving toward a synthesis of subjective spirit and objective spirit , towards knowledge of the Absolute . Since the Absolute is disclosed in Nature and in the human mind , human reason can reach the inner essence of the Absolute . -LRB- Stumpf , 307 , 312-316 -RRB- For Hegel , human reason is sufficient for knowledge of the Absolute . Hegel seems to ignore the Christian understanding of faith.Hegel described his homeland of Germany in terms of Reformation , political development , as well as Illumination and Revolution . Hegel described the `` Essence of the Reformation
 Obviously this said somewhere in the fine print while I was ordering but this is a so called OCR copy of the book . What this means is the book has no index , no table of contents or the preliminary pages , no major/visible chapter headings or pages diving chapters . Its one continuous long string of text from the first page to the last . I had no idea that I was ordering an OCR copy when I placed the order and so receiving it was an absolute disappointment . While I am going to return this book right away it is a warning to all future buyers to carefully check if their orders are an OCR copy . Amazon should place information about the book being an OCR copy upfront rather than below where the book description is .
 An OCR copy should not be the first copy to come up on Amazon 's site . I ordered this because I was ordering roughly 30 academic texts and did not have the time to pour through each description . There is absolutely no formatting , no table of contents , no index and the footnotes are muddled for the most part . Considering that this is already a difficult work in German , let alone in translation , it is impossible to decipher in the provided format . Worthless in an academic setting and should not be at the top of Amazon 's list when you search for the work . * This is not a review of the work itself , which is important for any understanding of Western philosophy .
 The hullabaloo surrounding the book will lead one to believe that this is an epitome of all adventure/suspense stories . In reality , the book is nothing but a wanderings of a disturbed mind , disillusioned with life and suffering from abnormalities of mind - so common among soldiers after attending a bloody war . Those readers who praise the book sky-high must have some ulterior motive in mind ; otherwise this is a shoddy piece of work and written obviously with a film script in mind rather than a book , which anyways what Hilton was , scriptwriter in Hollywood ! His other tiny book Goodbye Mr. Chips is a better read and does n't pretend to be something else or is it we who label a book . No wonder Lost Horizon is out of print and should remain so . I do n't blame the writer as much as the so-called critics , readers and other writers for whom the world begins in Western Europe and ends in North America . A very myopic view!Rebuttal to Moonwynd
 I read this book with no idea of how good or bad it would be . It turned out bad . It is very boring , makes little sense half the time , and has no climax . It 's attempt at climax is boring and so sudden that you think the author wrote it while watching TV .
 There was n't much of a plot in this book . Nothing exciting happens , and nothing is deffinate . There is n't much of an ending either . . the only reason i kept reading it was because i liked the size of the book . . heh
 `` Lost Horizon '' is definitely not the best book I have ever read . It starts out with four men talking about different things when they come to the conclusion that they all know Hugh Conway , who was kidnapped along with three others . Their plane crashes in the mountains , and they are rescued and taken to a place called Shangri-La . Here they experience a lot of peace because Shangri-La is away from the ongoing war . Many things happen , and Conway along with one of the others decides to leave . This is the way the book ends , except for the Epilouge where Rutherford again talks about Conway and tries to figure out where he is . This book is definitely for those who like weird things . It was not the best book for my tastes .
 I ordered this thinking I would get a lovely hardcover edition of a favorite novel . What I got was a cheesy production that was not even typeset properly . Unfortunately I do n't see another new hardcover edition on Amazon to order instead . I have ordered used a first edition from 1933 in hopes of getting something worth looking at .
 A member of my book club chose this as our book to read this month . It is a short book , but it took me forever to get through it . It 's not hard to read , but it is terribly boring . I finally trudged through it . The last 2 chapters were the best , most interesting for me . It leaves the reader wondering what happens to the characters . It felt like a book I would have to read for school and write a report , or have a discussion about it.The other members of my club seemed to like it o.k. , but I could n't bring myself to stir up any happy feelings for it . It felt like school . I 'll leave it at that .
 No , I do n't at all understand how anyone can assign even the first star to this putative literary work . I invested a goodly fifty pages without noting the first scintilla of action or intrigue , although I did suffer through reference after reference to 1920s practices and customs at Oxford -- couched in impenetrable Edwardian slang . I had absolutely no idea what was going on , other than that I was bored witless .
 This is one of those rare books where a screenwriter improves the details of a book to come up with something better . In this case , much better.The plot belongs to Hilton , but if you want a much better story , watch the movie .
 Additional purchase required for supplemental materialsThroughout this book , the reader is pointed to inserts in the margin offering additional help on many points , and web addresses are given . Be advised that purchasing this book does not allow you access to this additional information . You are required to have an access code , which the publisher 's technical support person says must be purchased in addition to the book.Poor editingThis book may be the most poorly edited textbook I 've encountered in 5 years of university classes . The additional shame of it is that the subject matter is Technical Writing , which should / begin / with good editing . A few examples of editing issues , which often seem to be related to the very point the author is advising against , are given below.To have a typo -LRB- `` tremperatures '' -RRB- in an example in which the author advocates `` bolstering confidence '' by `` preparing a neat and carefully proofread memo '' is counterproductive.The author cautions against graphics that detract from your message or confuse readers , then uses one . Page 343 contains a graph with a confusing relationship between the `` Salary '' scale on the vertical axis and the various animal populations on the horizontal axis . Were these paid beasts?There is an excellent point presented on page 226 , which states that the words / this / or / that / should be followed by a noun when used as an echo word at the beginning of a sentence . At the top of the same page , however , the author uses / these / without a noun after it , and again two pages later , on page 228 , he uses the phrase , `` when this happens , '' again with no associated noun.I do n't understand the author 's phrase , `` but they can always lead to the unethical treatment of other people , '' on page 228 . I understand `` they can lead '' and `` they always lead , '' or even perhaps , in rare circumstances , `` they always can lead , '' but not `` they can always lead . `` Troubling gender choicesIn addition to the poor editing , the author made troubling gender choices for the characters presented in his examples . In the first few chapters , `` Sarah '' is a metallurgist , while `` Larry '' is a nutritionist ; `` Alyssa '' receives correspondence from `` Frank '' on testing she required ; `` Marti '' is a mechanical engineer , while `` Donald '' uses inflammatory language in his memo.ConclusionI have no idea what other texts may be available for technical writing instruction , but if I were a professor , I 'd be looking for them .
 I received my book 1 week late and it was due to the completely wrong book was mailed to me . The second time around I received the Teacher 's edition which was also the wrong edition . The company sent me an e-mail stating that I can return the book for a complete refund . Although the book was the incorrect book twice they did promise to refund the money so I am moderately satisfied . However I had to purchase the CORRECT book at my college bookstore for double the price .
 its the right book , but the description was far from accurate . it said that it was in better condition than what i actually saw when i received it . the person did not package the book properly . they wrapped it once in a brown paper grocery bag . so when the post carrier delivered it , it was stamped as damaged and the only thing holding the book inside the paper was a rubberband . i emailed the seller as soon as i received it in this condition and no action was taken , this seller has defiantly lost my business .
 Given the positive reviews , I thought this book would be better than it was . At first , this seemed to be a new and interesting take on the supernatural boogeyman-in-the-closet genre . Creepy atmosphere ? Check . Despicable bad guys inexplicably dying ? Check . Mysterious monster in the dark ? Check . But then , the book took a sharp left turn into romance novel territory , which I found confusing -LRB- and annoying -RRB- . The denouement was completely predictable . I anticipate reading another of F. Paul Wilson 's novels before adding him to -LRB- or crossing him off -RRB- my list of authors to follow .
 F. Paul Wilson 's `` The Keep '' has a pretty solid reputation in the horror genre . Certainly , the premise is intriguing
 Without the love story , this would have been a really great creep fest . What a strong and gloomy beginning ! But it seems to disintegrate about half-way though - like a vampire in sunlight . Color me one of the stinkers .
 The Keep made for a pretty bad movie . However , until reading this book I had no idea that the movie was actually better than the source material . This story starts out very solidly , with a great premise and very nice set-up . About the middle , though , the book completely shifts and becomes a paint-by-numbers adventure story . I strongly suspected that the book was going downhill when the `` vampire '' made its first appearance to the old man and his daughter . It just took all the menace away from the proceedings . From this point forward , The Keep is just a silly , silly story with a conclusion so ridiculous and `` Hollywood '' that I could never recommend this book to anybody . Ever . It 's lunacy that this book has such a high rating on Amazon .
 Now that Tor has re-issued all of Wilson 's books in new paperback editions my local library finally has a copy of THE KEEP and I had the chance to read this book which I 'd been trying to track down in a cheap or free copy for several years . Frankly , it should 've stayed out of print . This is clearly the work of a novice writer . It 's filled with overwrought metaphors and is heavily influenced by extremely old fashioned stylists . The writing is laughably amateurish and suffers from a poor editor who missed cutting out huge chunks of repetitive narrative and entire chapters of unnecessary `` character development '' that interrupt the story 's flow . The book should be less than half it 's turgid length . The writing is also sloppy - it continually flits back and forth between a quaint and florid anachronistic style and poorly constructed , very contemporary , sentences . The dialogue also suffers this schizoid identity problem - it 's a mix of that arch period manner of talking you hear in old 1930s movies and then will shift into speech lifted from a bad 1980s made-for-TV movie revealing when it was originally written and published . When I reached the point in the story when the secret cache of forbidden books was unearthed in the walls of the keep I smiled and actually laughed . Here are all those damned books of demonology that appear in the Cthulhu Mtythos stories by Lovecraft , Derleth and his gang . And I kept waiting for the Lovecraft `` old ones '' to appear . But what do we get ? A lame vampire rip-off . The book boils down to nothing more than a tired twist on the vampire legend with Nazis as victims and a hero with a magic sword . I have to mention the most jarring and ridiculous part of the book
 Buoyed by the praise garnered for this book ... I purchased this book with reasonably high hopes . However , it turns out that the best part of the book was in the imagining . Unfortunately , the story is dull , populated with cardboard characters , and instead of building to a satisfying denouement , the book cranks along on rusty gears , until it slowly and thankfully eases to a halt.From this purchase onward , I have learnt to read ... reviews from the `` Lowest rating first '' What a pity I ca n't set that choice as my default .
 This is a dreary novel , thin , neither very thrilling nor scary.The Keep refers to a mysterious ages-old fortress in the remote Transylvanian Alps , the heartland of Romania 's folklore . The purpose of the Keep and it 's builders are a secret even to the inhabitants of its neighboring village . Each brick in the Keep carries an inlaid brass and nickel symbol resembling a crucifix . Nobody has been able to spend so much as a night in the Keep - nightmares interrupt sleep . That is , until the Spring of 1941 when the German army , fresh from its victories in Western Europe , marshals its forces for an eastward stab . With the nearby Dinu Pass a likely route for a German advance into Russia , the Keep becomes an obvious staging point , and the book opens with a unit of Wehrmacht troops moving into the silent fortress . Then German soldiers begin to die at the rate of one very night , their throats torn out , one man completely decapitated . Their commander , Captain Woermann is no lover of the Nazi cause , -LRB- which is why he 's been sent far from combat , to Romania -RRB- yet has no choice but to call upon the hated SS . The Wehrmacht soldiers have no love for the SS troops who they feel are over-glorified executioners in dress-gowns - good for nothing but murdering large numbers of unarmed jews , gypsies and other undesirables , while the einzatskommando of the SS look down on their less than racially pure-minded comrades in army gray . When the gory deaths continue , both the SS and the Wehrmacht turn to Theodore Cuza , a crippled Jewish academic who has made study of the Keep his life 's work . With Magda , his beautiful yet morose daughter in tow , Cuza is brought to the Keep to reveal its secrets for the Germans . The Keep , instead , reveals the embodiment of its evil to the professor , naming itself to Cuza and offering an alliance of sorts with him against the Germans . Meanwhile , a mysterious stranger , Glen , journeys across the Mediterranean to the Keep . On arrival , he strikes up a relationship with Cuza 's daughter , but it 's the monstrous resident of the Keep that he 's really after . The stage is set for a battle between the enigmatic Glen and the dark resident of the Keep ... and it 's still a horrible novel . F. Paul Wilson does n't put much effort into writing a scary book . The resident of the keep , shadowy at first , eventaully reveals itself to Cuza . There are hints that the monster is being less-than open , but the `` true '' story as told by Glen is n't much scarier a revelation . -LRB- Wilson merely swaps one not-so-scary tale for another -RRB- . Both Glen and the evil Molasar 's version of their shred story hint at being the source of the vampire legend , but neither version becomes more than a generic derivative of it . Wilson merely swaps one not-so-scary story with another , and neither one is revealed in a way that generates chills . Another problem is the scary parts themselves - there are n't any . German soldiers drop like flies , but there 's nothing scary about serial insecticide . The victims themselves seem no more defined than the anonymous soldiers who drop like flies in Chuck Norris movies , and those are n't scary either -LRB- unlike the people who repeatedly and compulsively watch them -RRB- . Hard pressed to advance the plot while the soldiers die but before the climactic battle -LRB- and with the monster already revealed -RRB- , Wilson creates conflict between Cuza -LRB- who sides with the demon with the idea that the monster , for its evil , can do the world a favor by turning Nazi Germany into his next feeding ground -RRB- and Magda -LRB- who trusts Glen 's more ominous description of the demon and its motives -RRB- , but nothing comes out of that . Then there 's the final battle - let 's call it the anti-climactic battle . Finally , the most critical error - the Nazis are supposed to be scary , but they 're not . Wilson hints at the Nazi 's atrocities , but the Nazis themselves are n't that scary , obviating the irony of one monster meeting another . With the war in its early stages , the Nazis have just begun their death-campaign , one that will rival for terror any of the vampire legends . The SS commander had been on his way to Ploesti , the site of a massive Romanian petro-refining complex . -LRB- The large number of rail-way junctions necessitated by the oil refineries also make the site an ideal one for building a new death camp , one to rival Auschwitz -RRB- , but there 's no hint to the inhumanities the SS commander has seen or contemplates , no hint of irony at the methodical annihilation of SS troops mirroring the death unleashed by those same SS . The Nazi 's were the real vampires of Europe , but these blackshirts seem less competent than those you 'd see on an episode of `` Hogan 's Heroes '' . If you want chills , rent John Carpenter 's `` Prince of Darkness '' , but keep this off your shelves .
 About as scary as He-man fighting Skeletor , but not nearly as cool . Picked it up because it was recommended by an Amazon reviewer that liked it better than `` The Terror '' by Dan Simmons . Could not have been more disappointed . `` The Keep '' 's premise is interesting . There are Nazis and something like a vampire . Sparks should fly but they absolutely do not . The writing is crap . There is no tension , no dread , no atmosphere . The characters are two-dimensional . The love story makes the Darth Vader-Princess Amidala romance in the recent Star Wars movies look sophisticated . The story itself is laughable ; trite , boring and , most damning , not the least bit scary . How can so many people be so wrong ? 5 stars ? Amazon reviewers , j' accuse .
 I was unimpressed by this so-called `` complete guide '' . One of those books you buy , read once , then never look at again . Several months later I have n`t touched my copy since I read it on the day I bought it ; says it all really.I find it difficult to understand the target market for this book . It is neither advanced enough to satisfy a serious practitioner nor is it suitable for a beginner.Complaints
 the book is not as described , the picture show different from the actual book , I notice that after I received the book , try to avoid this seller
 This review , in correspondence with the paucity of thoughts and emotions evoked by it , shall be correspondingly brief . Levi based this book , his only novel , on true accounts - listed in the bibliography - of Jewish partisan resistance during World War II . I 've no doubt that it is very true to life . But this virtue becomes a fault for the reader , or for this reader . People thrown together by war are interested in only one thing
 This book is horrible ! Do n't waste time on it , I wish I had n't .
 There lots of notes wrote in most of the pages . Sometimes it is very difficult keep up with the literature .
 There is a natural fascination with what may be happening behind the scenes , and that certainly extends to what secret diplomacy may have been underway to resolve such an urgent crisis as that of the 1979 seizure of the hostages at the U.S. embassy in Tehran . Harris , formerly a contributing editor at the New York Times Magazine and Rolling Stone , provides much interesting material about the various diplomatic initiatives . He is strongest in writing about the middle of the crisis , rather than the early days or the final resolution , which have been the subject of several detailed -LRB- and more authoritative -RRB- accounts -LSB- 4 -RSB- as well as much conspiratorial nonsense . Harris gives particularly interesting accounts of the role of Iranian foreign minister Sadegh Ghotbzadeh , who wrongly thought he knew what would persuade Iran 's revolutionary leaders to let the hostages go ; he ended up under arrest and was executed for his role in a plot to overthrow the government . Harris also highlights the role of private citizen Henry Kissinger as an intermediary with Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi.But The Crisis suffers from some serious problems . Harris provides no indication of his sources for particular statements . And in his afterward about his sources , he acknowledges that some quotes come `` from multiple sources , which I have bound together inside a single set of quotation marks . '' He lists an impressive set of interviews , including many in Iran , as well as extensive use of primary source materials . But he also acknowledges `` a special debt to the work of Gary Sick , William Shawcross , Pierre Salinger , and Amir Taheri '' - three of whom have written books full of unsubstantiated innuendo that rely heavily on fabricated sources.Furthermore , Harris 's title misleads . He barely discusses the origins of militant Islam as a political movement . His account is not so much about the three main actors cited in the title-President Jimmy Carter , Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , and the shah-as about the maneuverings of their top aides . The failure to deliver what the title implies is particularly important when one reflects upon how little result there was from the secret diplomacy on which Harris concentrates . In fact , the hostages were taken so that Iran 's revolutionaries could isolate their erstwhile allies in the Westernized wing of the anti-shah movement and consolidate Iran 's anti-American orientation ; once that purpose had been accomplished , the hostages were released . The diplomatic maneuverings did more to prolong the crisis , by suggesting that the United States was too timid to react strongly , than to end it .
 I used this book for the class Theories and Techniques of Counseling , taught by Jerry Corey himself . Very wordy book . . hard to pick main points out of text . Student manual helps some , especially for personal growth .
 The book did n't arrive until well into the second week of class and when it finally got there I was expecting it to be in `` like new condition '' as advertised , but instead it has a lot of highlighting and post-it notes -LRB- which now do not want to come out easily -RRB- attached to the middle of several pages . I ended up ordering a brand new copy so anything I saved was more than lost by the time it was all over . It would have been better for me to have just gotten a new copy from the school bookstore to begin with . Oh well , live and learn .
 My recommendation is to buy either the case approach to psychotherapies book or if possible the earlier edition of this text .
 The description clearly stated that it was the Sixth Edition that I was purchasing , but I was sent the Fifth Edition which is significantly different . It also took a very long time for it to arrive . I had to cancel the workbook I ordered with it , as even thought I had ordered it in advance it still had not arrived 3 weeks into the school term . The return process appears to be simple , so if I get a timely refund I would give them the one star credit for that . I also have to say this is the first time I have been disappointed by Amazon . I have received good service here in the past , and wo n't be signing off on them for one bad order .
 Out of all counseling and psychotherapy books avilable , this Corey book is the WORST !!! Corey exemplifies dead level abstractions all through out this book . This book was n't even good for heurestic value ... it made no sense . HORRIBLE BOOK !!!!
 In ordering the PACKAGE for Theory and Practice of Counseling and Psychotherapy by Gerald Corey , I entered the ISBN # for the PACKAGE . I had declined several options for the HARDCOVER ONLY because I wanted the PACKAGE including the Student Manual.I received the shipment in a fairly timely manner . HOWEVER , I was only sent the HARDCOVER!I paid $ 10 more than I could have gotten that single book for locally right across the street from my college!I ended up having to order the manual separately from another seller.I was unable to contact seller because name given did not match what was on the shipment.My serenity is worth more than a $ 10 fight!I would not use this seller again .
 I have had little choice but to utilize this book during my graduate studies in psychology , and just emailed the university staff.From all my books during undergraduate and graduate studies , this book is by far the worst I have had to use to-date . It is very unclear , vague , badly organized , and oftentimes does not offer complete listings or definitions in neither text or index . I am very disappointed , and therefore recommend that its usage be avoided wherever possible . You are guaranteed to incur high levels of frustration !
 I was really excited about ordering this cookbook for my dad since he just got a new deep fryer , but I was less than excited when I opened it up . There were no pictures , entirely black and white , and most of the recipes call for frying in a pan and/or wok . This was very disappointing . While I know that likely anything that can be done in the pan can also be done in the deep fryer , I was slightly disappointed . Hopefully it will at least give him ideas for new things to fry up .
 This book does not supply the credible witness regarding the `` luminaries '' that I 'd hoped for
 OK . I should have chosen a boook a little more in depth .
 Not your average common read , needs an amplified version for people like me who just do n't get it . I was very bored with the reading however pressed my way through
 I gave this two stars because the formatting is awful ; no real consideration for the electronic book format . Also , the middle third of the book is really boring because it is a metaphorical representation of angels breeding with humans using animal husbandry as a basis for the explanation . While this may have been an effective way to explain things to Enoch 's son Methuselah , it is n't very effective for me . :-RRB- I 'd rather he just lay it all out there in straight talk so I can wrap my head around it without translating it into modern thought.It is still worth reading though.The beginning and end of the book are fascinating . It begins with the way angels changed the history of man by teaching them things which God did not want them to know . And it ends with a short explanation about what Noah was like as a baby -LRB- reminded me a little bit of the last book of the Twilight series with regard to the baby Renesmee -RRB- , according to Enoch , Noah could talk immediately after he was born , so right there we can see he was wired differently than everyone else around him . This is a very cool bit of insight that our forefathers decided we did n't need to know . I feel a bit gypped that I waited this long to read it . This is exactly the kind of stuff my mind craves . And exactly the kind of stuff those folks that assembled our current Bible decided I did n't really need to know . I 'm trying not to hold a grudge . ; -RRB-
 The book description asks `` If this book was so important to Christian beginnings , why was it removed from the canon and banned ? '' . The reason was that the Book of Enoch is essentially not compatible with the Christian gospel . The core story of Enoch , apart from the myth about angels marrying which is explicitly contradicted by Christ -LRB- `` and do not marry for they are like unto the angels '' -RRB- , there are many other conflict points with the New Testament . The principle one being that Enoch functions as a mediator , a role that 1Tim2 :5 allows only for Christ.One can also note that the Enoch version of events where Michael accuses the rebel angels is again explicitly contradicted by Peter -LRB- `` even angels do not accuse such beings '' -RRB- and by Jude -LRB- who even names Michael as not accusing -RRB- . Maybe this is why it was not accepted by the church?Enoch originated about 300BC , and the oldest copies , dating back to about 150BC are found among the Dead Sea Scrolls at Qumran . The best modern translations are to be found in the G. Vermes or Martinez editions of the Scrolls , or in the J. Charlesworth OT Pseudepigrapha set from Doubleday . The 300 + page facsimile edition of R.H. Charles ' 1912 translation is also worth obtaining for the copious notes , but the 110 page version only contains the text . The translations by Laurence and Schodde are not worth acquiring.Despite all the modern enthusiasm that surrounds this book it is worth remembering that it has always been contested . Trypho the Jew , the Talmud , Pseudo-Philo , all the Rabbis prior to the 8th Century , St. Augustine , St. Jerome were only a few to contest the midrash interpretation of `` Sons of God '' of Gen6 :2 as angels . The book was rejected from the Jewish canon , the Septuagint and Vulgate , and consequently the Apocrypha . After 400AD it was preserved only in minority Ethiopian and Slavonic traditions.It is often noted that Jude quotes from this book , which is true - although with obvious sarcasm as the context shows ; Jude 's epithet `` the seventh from Adam '' is taken from Enoch60 :8 not Genesis . Tertullian did quote from it and consider it as scripture , along with various other pseudepigraphical and apocryphal literature . It is also true that Peter gets his details regarding the `` angels that sinned '' being cast into Tartarus from Enoch . As also is indicated by the mentions of `` myths '' and `` cunningly devised fables '' with which Peter precedes it .
 This is my third attempt to notify a2zbktsintl how disappointed I am with the lack of response to my email . As noted before the book I ordered was to be hard bound and in good condition . What I received was a paper back book is very bad condition . I can not believe this seller has five stars . I have never been disappointed with purchases from amazon.com and would like some sort of response . MJ Lowes My order number is 105-7572216
 The title says it all . This book is filled with `` Advice '' from the experts but there is hardly any information on actually navigating . I have read this book and heard a lot of nice stories but I am still more or less clueless on what to do . I am rating this book 2 starts because it lacks information on how to navigate .
 This is quite a neat little book on gay movies , kind of a stocking filler , a light read although quite nerdy in tone . I have been buying lots of books on gay cinema from amazon as needed to research the subject for a project . The best I found to help me with this was `` Out at the Movies
 If you hate reading spoilers , do n't read about any movie in this book unless you 've seen it already . Duralde gives away FAR too much in his synopses , which are in my opinion completely unnecessary anyway . It is his commentaries that are the interesting element here , and motivate us to see the films . Why he chose to reveal plot turns , and thus needlessly deflate our enjoyment of the films is beyond me .
 I approached this novel after viewings of the 1971 film . I still was lost , as Ernest Tidyman 's writing - for this novel , at least - goes in and out of inner monologues without any notification who is actually doing the monologue . Also , the plot is n't really clear
 If you think you are getting a Griffin story-DO NOT BUY this ! I have never been so disappointed in all my life . This is awful . Characters by name only -- plots are not developed ! Amazon should remove this farce from their inventory !!
 It 's too bad that Griffin has become a factory like Tom Clancy . I am certain he had nothing to do with the writing , and the only reason he lent his name to this book was for money . I doubt I shall ever read another `` by WEB Griffin and ... '' novel again , much less buy one .
 I ca n't believe Griffin would publish a story this bad , and calling it a story is being too kind . I guess all good things must come to an end . I 've had a lot of enjoyment from Griffin 's other books . I guess the time has come to read them again .
 I ca n't believe that Griffin would let his son get involved with his books . You can just tell the writing is all different . And Butterworth is n't a `` major '' newspaper editor like his bio says . He writes copy for the Boy Scouts . Talk about nepotism ! And misrepresentation ! I do n't care if Butterworth wants to be his dad 's bagman , but come on , do n't make us shell out our hard-earned $ for a book with Griffin 's name on it written by his no-talent son !
 I learned some things but man it was slow and disjointed . The audio book was especially cast wrong by the way they made Kennedy 's voice .
 He must have needed the money -- this was written with his left hand -- no suspense whatever
 If I had known that the audiobook release used a different reader than the voice from all the previous books , I would not have purchased the audio book.There is a legacy that was created with the voice used for all the previous books . It ` belongs ' and the expectations are that this is continued.It is a major disappoinment that a different reader was picked . Quite a let-down , I have to say .
 The book is poor . No suspense or follow through . The stories go nowhere . The characters are the same which is enough to buy the book . The prose seems mechanical . Much more description of the contents of a room or office then the content of the subject matter . Actually boring and reads more like 2 or 3 chapters of a magazine article then a stand alone nove.Mr . Butterworth -LRB- probably the real author of this book -RRB- needs a lot more editing and help . The best thing about the book is that my copy came in large print version . If the followup which I am reading now is as bad , Mr. Griffin will have to take charge again .
 You can tell that this book was not written by W.E.B. Griffin alone . It is not his style of writing which is uniquite and holds you attentive so that you do not want to put it down . I was quite disappointed in the book .
 I have read and in many cases reread 28 W.E.B. Griffin novels . I 've grown accustomed to his usually marvelous blending of historical fact and pure fiction , tight plots , believable characters , powerful narrative
 WEB 's books are always a mixture of great character development -LRB- we CARE what happens to those people -RRB- , history , and action . This book was almost all character , some history and the barest taste of action.The character portion was abysmal . No real development on any front -LRB- except one minor cliff-hanger -RRB- , lots of cameos and recaps of past novels in the series and paper-thin newcomers -LRB- who certainly wo n't be in future novels -RRB- . The history was based on one fact and a lot of fiction around it . One has to suspend normal levels of disbelief in order to accept the coincidences.As for action , the major event promised throughout the story takes place in the last 20 pages . Butterworth seemed to be in too much of a hurry to cash his advance check . His father would have taken 200 pages to make that portion real and exciting.If this were the first Griffin that I 'd ever read , there would never be a second . As it is , I 'm so enamored with the various series I 'd probably give Butterworth one more chance . However , I 'll buy it used or take it from the library , rather than rush to pre-order .
 This was the weakest of all of the W.E.B. Griffith books that I have read . I think the co-writer of this book was really the primary writer on this one since it really did not feel like Griffith 's other novels . The character development was lacking and the `` heroes '' of this novel were really by-standers throughout the book . I never really felt involved with them and they were never really involved in coming up with the resolution . The resolution was through the stumblings of the villains and not anything positive by the `` heroes '' . I felt that the `` heroes ' were not even the main characters of the book . Overall , a very poor imitation of Griffith 's past works . PLEASE write the next one yourself !!!
 Do n't waste your time nor money on this `` short story '' . Griffin , sadly , is going the way of Tom Clancy and his Op Center fiascos . Using his name to foist another writer and this book upon his loyal readers reeks of greed . As a devoted fan of Griffin , I never hesitated to buy any of his novels , but this ends that knee jerk faith . Once the excessive descriptive verbage is stripped away , the plot and story line is simplistic and uninteresting . This is a sad departure from entertaining books such as The Corps .
 Big , big disappointment . Not up to standards . Just ends with about a half dozen subplots unresolved . I assume the son wrote this book -- at least that 's what I choose to believe . If Dad wants these series to continue -- and we readers hope he does -- then find yourself a good co-author and do n't have your son continue . At a minimum , get him a good editor .
 As a long time reader of Griffin , I would say this is his poorest by far . I have read and re-read the Corps and Men at War series several times and always feel warmed by the characters each time . I felt let down by this effort . I can only hope that Butterworthless wrote this while Dad was out of town . The characters are barely tollerable much less believable , the plot very loose and the ending should have taken another 200 pages . I really he hope he gets back on track .
 I am a great W.E.B Griffin fan . I have enjoyed most every book up until now . It was difficult to follow at first when the time line went from Feb to Mar then back to Feb without any real reason but to follow the two story lines . When my wife mentioned that this book must not be as good as all the others because I keep putting it down , I had to agree . Most of the others kept my interest and they were real hard to put down.The plots could have been more exciting . The Germans could have been more interesting . Fulmar could have started back at the beach where the young man Coast Guard man went missing . Then at the bar when the bar tender/friend was killed after thinking things were not right . But this was once stated and moved on . Investigation into the crime was not started it was just assumed they were out there doing bad things and that the FBI or the OSS would catch up with them . Then to have two blow up in a train and two shot by the Mafia because they did n't pay ... boo hiss the OSS did n't have anything to do . Then to start with the Sicily thing and the yellow fever but then dont ' say to much about it once Canidy got there , then throw in the nerve gas right at the last , that was lame . What happened to Oh whatsher name in England ???? Ann or is this where the next story picks up . She is safe and Canidy meets up with her again and bangs her again and leaves and she gets blown up again ... -LRB- what a future plot -RRB- Then meeting up with the Mafia in Sicily , after all the research and worrying that there would be trouble , Canidy walks in get the professor and walks out . Not too much of a plot there . Why not some adventure , some misunderstanding ... and then let Frank come into the picture and help . Geeee I almost want to change my name to Butterworth so I can help W.E.B with his next book . I am sure it would be better than this one . -LRB- The key is with all these bad reviews , no one is going to want to buy our used books . -RRB- Better luck next time Griffin . I too will read the reviews before I buy the next one . I bought this one on preorder , now I wish I had n't . Hope this helps anyone who reads this .
 I have read all of Griffins books and have enjoyed each and every one . This `` book '' is a complete joke . The promised story about Sicily is an afterthought at the end of the book . There is no character development and subsequently I did n't really care about what happened to them . Of course because nothing really happens we do n't need to care what happens.Griffin should be ashamed of himself for putting out a piece of junk like this with his name on the cover .
 Prior to purchasing this book , I first read the other reviewers ' comments and was all set for a major letdown . Unfortunately , I was n't disappointed.I first got turned on to Griffin 's works with the Badge of Honor series . I had grown up in the Germantown section of Philadelphia - home to the 14th District , scene of many of the antics of Matt and others in that series - and many in my family were cops . I myself was a police officer for nearly 12 years , and these books really resonated with me , particularly the settings in neighborhoods and places that I 'd long since left . I moved on from these books to the Brotherhood of War series and was initially quite pleased.However , while reading one of that series , I detected many errors and discrepancies with characters and locations , leading me to believe the novel was `` ghosted . '' I 'm sure it was , hence the `` correction '' novel , `` Special Ops . '' The most glaring example was the consistent reference to Camp Mackall as ` Camp McCall ' . Anyone who ever served any time in Fayetteville knows what the reservation 's name is and what goes on there . So , whether his son , WEB IV , or some other author ghosted it , it was pretty obvious it was n't the original.I next moved on to the simultaneously published Corps novels , and again enjoyed them quite a bit . In particular , the McCoy character is the ` everyman ' we all long to be , but most of us can not . The satisfaction received by living vicariously through a fictional character in a series of books we enjoy is particularly relishing . However - and speaking of eating something with relish , another of Mr. Griffin 's pet phrases - there are many problems that show up in this series , too.I 've read all of the series books many times over . As an author myself , and former network television producer , I find crisp , clear writing stimulates me to do my best , so I read other works a lot . But each time I pick up one of these books , something else , to be quite frank , peeves me off.There are numerous - far too numerous that any copyeditor worth their salt would miss - errors in spelling , names , locations , dates , ranks and many other seemingly arcane details to be excused . How , for example , does Ken McCoy move from having a sign outside his home in Tokyo reading Cpl. McCoy to being Capt. McCoy within a few pages , even before his pater familias Fleming Pickering has heard the story of McCoy 's being `` kicked out of the Corps '' in Book IX ? Other examples , of which there are many , have names transposed , and even one character talking to himself ! And whatever happened to the years 1943-1950 ? There was a lot of good stuff , interesting times and even better human interest-type plotlines left go when he jumped from the Gobi Desert to Korea.And so it was with some trepidation that I first picked up The Saboteurs . My anxiousness to read another great story - trying hard to forgive the mistakes , as the `` yarn '' was a good one - gave way to despair rather quickly . Caniday , a character I 'd come to like , although he could have used more development once moving to England , has descended into hell , suitably redecorated as a bathroom , according to many other readers . I found the storyline not fragmented as much as a series of short vignettes which , while seemingly related , really never gel let alone weave together . In short , the book became boring to read and a disappointment to own . I 'd rather have borrowed it from the library and spent my money on something else more worthwhile.While we 're on the subject of problems , I was wondering if anyone else picked up on the fact that Final Justice in the Badge of Honor series seems to have moved forward thirty years in time , even though the characters only age two years or so ? Laptop computers , high technology , NSA-like erasing software with multi-gigabyte drives ? Yet the originally books took place in the 1973-1974 time period , when computers were not on the desktop yet - and the smallest mini 's were literally still the size of a large executive desk . While it makes for an interesting detective story , particularly with the reliance - as often is the case - on high technology to aid in solving a crime , there really is no place for it in this novel , and I believe it was a device invented by whoever ghosted this book to cover for a lack of plot development . Matt Paine has become the Jim Kirk of the Philadelphia Police Department , `` spreading VD throughout the city '' as it were.It 's a shame to watch a revered sports hero hang on too long , unable to play up to the standards they and their fans set for them . It 's just as big a disappointment to see a favorite author begin that long , slow descent into oblivion . A good ghostwriter , son or not , should be able to follow the `` bible '' of the series and produce a seamless continuation.Where is Franklin W. Dixon when you need him ?
 I can see where Griffin attempted to shore up the writting in this book but the plot was weak , not sharp , and drifted . My recommendation to the son is not to quit the day job .
 ... but I 'm actually dumber after reading this book . 0 stars .
 I have read every book authored by W.E.B. Griffin . I almost could not believe that he wrote such a poorly constructed novel . Then I saw that now he has a `` co-author '' . The co-author did not help this book . The story was disconnected , characters weak in their development and lacked any form of tempo . I can only hope that the fault lies with the co-author . The only alternative is that my favorite authors are just getting too old . I saw this in my youth as C.S. Forester , Alastair McClean and Graham Greene lost their touch . Maybe it is I that is just too old .
 I 'm a great fan of Griffin , but not a great fan of authors collaborating with others , even their family . It seems too much like wanting the sales without the sweat . In this case the plotting is good , but the flow , rythm and tricks of the trade that Griffin brings are lacking . It 's proof once again how good Griffin 's work is and how sadly in this book he is missed . Too bad .
 Griffin has been one of my favorites for years . This book however is a sad disappointment from such a wonderful writer . Why did he even bother to publish it?Clumsy throughout it leads me to believe Griffin did not really write this book .
 After reading some of the other reviews I feel like I 'm guilty of `` piling on '' , but this latest effort of Griffin and his son , Butterworth , is a poor relation to other books by W. E. B Griffin.I have every novel written by Griffin on my library shelves having read and reread everyone of them . This latest extension of the `` Men at War `` series is a complete disappointment.It seems contrived , very weak , and incomplete as opposed to the page turners normally published by the author .
 This was nothing but an attempt to cash in on an old series he abandoned twenty years ago . At least a third of the characters were left out -LRB- what is happening with Jimmy and Cynthia ? -RRB- and it was just a short , contrived dissapointment . The rich story lines and character work that I have come to expect from Griffin were nowhere to be found . A waste of time and money .
 I 've read ALL of the Griffin novels and normally keep checking with Amazon for new releases . I immediately bought `` The Saboteurs '' even before it was released . When I received it in the mail , I immediately thought something was wrong . The package was not as bulky as it usually is with Griffin books . When I opened the package I immediately noticed the book was about half the size of a normal Griffin book . That should have been the first clue . I finished the book , and felt that I was robbed of the other half of the book . The story ended aburptly and that made the book a waste of time ... Sad .
 I 've read a great deal of Griffin 's novels and have enjoyed his writing but I was most disappointed in Saboteurs . He builds great characters only to unceremoniously and quickly kill them off leaving you to wonder why he spent so much effort telling you about the character . The title characters are sacrificed seemingly early in the story . About 20 pages from the end , as a second story develops , one wonders how it can possibly take place in the remaining pages . It does n't . Instead of the great storytelling one expects , the writer breezes over the storyline to a rather abrupt conclusion . I 'm sure there 's a sequel in the works , but I wo n't be buying it .
 All Griffin books are pretty much the same , and I 've read them all . This one lacks a cohesive beginning and a decent ending . It 's like they cobbled it together out of other stories , parts deemed not good enough for past books . They were right . The resolution of this story , both of the saboteurs and the Sicilians are laughable , and implausible . I 'm glad I got this one at the library , because if I paid any money for it I 'd want a refund.This is for die hard Griffin fans -LRB- like myself -RRB- and even then , not for all of them . At least I got some sun at the pool when I read this .
 After 20 years , this book clearly shows that the master of military fiction/history has allowed the torch to be passed to his son and clearly posses little if any of his dad 's skills . From the basic story , which is o.k. to the descriptive tools -LRB- weak at best -RRB- , the story ends with nothing . It just ends , as though the author had something else to do and did n't have the courage to say good bye to the listener . It 's horrible . I really hate to see this book and having waiting for a new book every year or two for many years , I now dread another -LRB- which I 'll buy as well I 'm sure -RRB- . Any reader , who has followed any of his five series , will be greatly saddened by this book ; I 'm sorry for the great writer , William Butterworth , we 've come to know and love as `` W. E. B. Griffin '' -RRB- .
 This skimpy shallow effort is a classic example of either laziness , greed , ineptitude , or a nasty combination of many . Usually talent skips a generation , and Daddy Butterworth should know better than to have his son pitch in with such an effort , then get egg on both faces and lose much of the value of the elder 's franchise.All I can say is that I was disappointed -LRB- it ends in mid-plot -RRB- and happy that I took this one out at the public library . That is to say , I would n't buy it for any price , and probably will be kicking the WEB Griffin habit pretty fast .
 I agree with the first review
 Does not measure up to earlier Griffin novels . I suspect he had little to do with the writing -- only lent his name probablyBoring . Much detail about life in the US in 1943 and most of it wrong -LRB- I remember those times -RRB- . A few exmples
 I can but echo Jerry Sapperstein 's review . I , too , have read all of Griffin 's book and have also reread a few . This one is obviously NOT Griffin . Griffin 's economy of words goes a-begging in this one . Extremely disappointing . Do n't bother with it .
 This book was not nearly up to Griffin 's original standards . His name may be on it but I suspect William E. Butterworth IV , whose name also appears as an author , must have done most of the writing . Character development , plot , and overall qualilty of writing are not what I would expect from a Griffin novel . Characters which have appeared in earlier books in this series appear again , but it is just not the same . Griffin either needs to start writing himself again or get out of the business . His cohorts do n't have his talent .
 This is not second rate , it is third rate at best ! Griffin is going downhill at a supersonic speed !
 I have been a fan of W.E.B. Griffin for many years and generally buy the hardcover rather than waiting for the paperback . This time I made a mistake . Griffin is obviously trying to pass the baton and the income from his franchise to his son . However , while Griffin is good at character and story development his son is not . In this book the German sabatours in the U.S. , who should be the cream of the German intelligence operation , do stupid things so they conveniently get killed off . There are a number of instances of happenings which beg to be developed which just are n't . Particularly , the hero facilitates the escape of a number of Italians from the clutches of the Germans . This just happens with no associated story development . Needless to say I was disappointed .
 I am a veteran , a pilot , a professor and a former cold war warrior . I have been a great fan of Griffin 's books because they were technically accurate - although his knowledge of instrument flying is twenty years out of date -- and they remind me of situations I have been in and of people I have known . The Saboteurs is a disappointment . Mr. Griffin 's books were interesting in part because the characters were real and that may be because he was writing from personal experience based on people he knew . The characters in this book are flat.A very minor point ; in the previous books , Eric Fulmar was not illegitimate . I can only infer from this that Mr. Butterworth needs more supervision . Still , it was a fun read and one can only hope that Mr. Griffin will be a more active participant in writing the sequel .
 The old man is getting old and he 's trying to set his son up to be a writer . I get it . But what it completely irresponsible is that WEB would n't groom his son to take over his legacy . And even more reprehensible is that Butterworth did n't study his father 's craft in order to maintain the high writing caliber and crafted storytelling . Butterworth obviously was told to write some chapters , and WEB just stuck them in to make it look seamless . I do n't know what 's worse
 Not worth the money . My first impression is that the author merely wanted to crank out another novel , and hope that sales would be based on his previous excellent work . Thank God I did not waste money buying the hardcover edition . `` Boring '' is the most charitable thing I can say about this book .
 Wow , what a way to kill a series of books . I doubt Griffin even read it , let alone co-authored it . The characters are flat , the storyline is boring . What is the plot ? On going characters from earlier books are simply left out or they are only mentioned briefly . Do I even bother reading the next book ?
 This is the worst book in this series . It is filled with boring needless descriptions . Either one of two things happened :1 . W.E.B. 's son wrote it and he does n't know how to punch it out , or ,2 . W.E.B. himself felt pressured to get out the book and just filled pages with trivia .
 Though I 've enjoyed most of Griffin 's earlier work , The Saboteurs is really pretty bad . These newer works of Griffin seem to be published without an editor ever having glanced at the pages . It seems that Griffin thinks as long as he can fill the pages with his alcoholic characters pouring drink after drink , his fans will continue to buy his work . That 's it for me , I 'll never buy another of his books.W.E.B. , Truman was n't sworn in as VP until January 20 , 1945 . Who 's doing your research ?
 Just an overall very poor showing for Junior as co-author . Have n't been too impressed since . I 've read every single one of Senior 's books and have thoroughly enjoyed them for what they are , fictional rendering of loosely based history centered around an overpriveleged gregarious main character , be it spy , marine , aviator or cop . They are fun mind candy and worth the price . This one was n't . Junior 's second was n't either . I 'll keep reading , hoping that Senior is around long enough to teach his son enough to continue the legacy .
 I would have given zero stars if that rating were available . I have read over twenty of Mr. Griffin 's books . Usually I ca n't put the book down until I finish it . `` The Brotherhood of War '' series and `` The Corps '' series are excellent . This entire series has been mediocre at best . This book was absolutely TERRIBLE . Do n't buy it or waste your time reading it . I 'll try another series from Mr. Griffin , but anymore like this one and he has lost a reader and a fan .
 This is a plodding , badly written book , with endless descriptions that serve no other purpose than to fill in the space allocated by the publisher . There is no sense of finality , no plot , and no excitement . Made for the money , I suppose , or to give junior a leg up in the business .
 This book is a grave disappointment . It appears to me that father and son each took a topic , wrote a few chapters and then randomly assembled them . There is no continuity , no connection and no excitement.I 've read everything he 's ever written but will now read the Amazon reviews carefully before buying another .
 I 've always enjoyed these W.E.B. Griffith books and looked forward to this one , but alas , it was n't to be . This has different story lines that never seemed to come together . It 's like a series of short stories within the same time frame , but by 3/4 of the way through , they still had n't come together , and I flat gave up on this book . There are too many other books to read and enjoy .
 Like a few others who have posted here , I am not one to leave reviews , but this time I felt a compulsion to speak out after reading the newest novel with Griffin 's name . I am sad to see so many negative reviews , but at least I now know I was not in some advanced state of dementia when I read The Saboteurs . Never has a Griffin book taken me so long to finish , and unlike every previous novel where I have always been sad to reach the end and read the last page , this time I was disappointed that I had read it at all . I have always accepted there would come a day when the novels would end . After reading this novel , I would prefer they ended vs. evolving into this new style.I was pleasantly surprised to see this out of cycle release on the book shelf , as I am used to maybe one release a year usually in January . Since it had been a while since I had last read the adventures of Donovan 's men at war , I decided to pull the previous four novels off the book shelf and re-read each one to get up to speed . Then I began the Saboteurs , and quickly realized the author of this novel was not the author of the previous four . Had this been my first Griffin novel , there never would have been a second . Whereas WEB made you feel as if you were a fly on the wall watching all that occurred , his son moves the wall out of the mansion and into the outhouse.Case in point , WEB would make you personally feel the potential loss of a certain reporter in London , have you worried and make you ask your friends if they had seen her . The author of this novel barely gives it a side note , and then almost never mentions it again . And when it comes to the sexual liaisons Butterworth , um ... less is more.I could go on , but in reading all the other one star reviews , just about everything I wanted to say has already been covered , and unlike Butterworth I do not feel the need to go on ad nauseam about things that no one wants to read.I have to assume Butterworth will read these reviews , probably be stung by them , and hopefully learn from them . I will give the Griffin Dynasty one more chance , and hope the next Griffin novel is a return to the glories of yore.Wilson Meloy
 Having read and absolutely enjoying ever other book he has written , I was devastated by the poor overall quality of this book . W.E.B. Griffin DID NOT write this piece of junk !
 I bought this book because I had read an entertaining WEB Griffin book about a Luftwaffe pilot in Argentina.Unfortunately , it looks like WEB did n't write this book . It is absolutely terrible.There are 2 or 3 plot lines , all of which are pointless.One plot line includes German saboteurs in the US . The FBI and the OSS are after them independently . Who wins ? Well one set of saboteurs blows themselves up accidentally . The other set crosses the mafia , and is killed by them . So the entire subplot involving J Edgar Hoover , The FBI , FDR , and an OSS Agent is totally pointless . The mob is involved in another plotline wherein The Protagonist Guy -LRB- hereafter , TPG -RRB- wants to create an espionage network in Italy . It 's really just an excuse for stereotypical mob talk and toughness . After many pages , TPG goes to Italy and does n't require mob assistance . The entire subplot is thus pointless.In the first few pages of the book , a scientist sees bad things happening around him . In the last few pages , TPG rescues him . The 300 pages in the middle have nothing to do with this scientist . The rescue happens in about the last 4 pages . TPG walks though German-held territory without seeing a soldier , walks into the town , gets the professor , and they walk to the dock . In an unbelievable coincidence , a mob-related fisherman from NJ -LRB- whom TPG knows -RRB- pulls up RANDOMLY at the dock . Randomly . The scientist and TPG get on the boat . But as they are leaving the dock , TPG finds out that a freighter RIGHT THERE is carrying NERVE GAS . He leaps off the boat saying , `` If I am not back in 10 minutes , leave without me ... '' -LRB- * snort * -RRB- A few minutes later , the freighter blows up ! -LRB- There are apparently no guards and nothing is explained . This whole freighter thing happens in a single page . -RRB- But it 's been 10 minutes and TPG is n't back ! The boat starts to leave ! TPG jumps out of the darkness an onto the boat ! YAY ! And then TPG 's pickup submarine arrives 4 days early and picks them up at the wrong spot . What luck ! The End.Stinkarooni.And there is no suspense .
 I look forward with bated breath for each new book by WEB . WEB rates high as my favorite , then Clancy and then Cussler and then a gap to the rest . I have read all but a few of the Cop Series , and reveled in each . An old Marine I am still in love with the Corps Series , and even the Soldier Series . All of the series are great!But the Saboteurs not only falls short , it does not even leave the starting gate . Characters - weak at best . Plot - barely interesting . Intrigue - non existing . Ending - it just happens to run out of pages ... you feel nothing ended and there is n't any lead to another follow up book or masterful end to a villain.I hope this is not a reflection of the end for WEB . What ever Butterworth added to this book is unknown ... unless it is primarily his and WEB just gave his counsel . That would be even worse.Tex
 I was very disappointed when I received this bood to discover that it was not written by W.E.B. Griffin -LRB- William E. Butterworth -RRB- but was written by his son William E. Butterworth IV . I have really enjoyed W.E.B. Griffins writing style and could n't even read this one as it was entirly different .
 I am a fan of WEB Griffin , but the Saboteurs is a severe disapointment in so many ways . I did not enjoy the book at all . It 's one of those books that continues to bore and you keep reading thinking it will get better . It did ` nt !
 I 've read all of the Griffin books but the Badge of Honor Series and I felt Grifin took advantage of his readers loyalty with this book . The scenario he set was great but the story never went anywhere and the heroes never did anything . It was just a lead in to his next book
 I 've bought my last WEB Griffin book after reading everything he wrote for many years . The Saboteurs confirms that his recent releases were not accidents , they were in fact terrible .
 I can not begin to express how disappointed I was with the latest offering from WEB and son . I was scratching my head , trying to figure out just what was missing here.In all of Griffin 's previous works , his characters all sizzled with energy , the dialogue was appropriately * salty * , and the plot lines were almost ALWAYS a bit interesting . Sadly , none of these elements were present in this volume . Even the major protagonist , Richard Canidy , comes off as a * sad sack * . This COULD have been an exciting book , considering the element of German infiltration and sabotage in the eastern U.S. Even the young coast guardsman with a buttered sandwich did n't really help much ! That incident was probably written by Butterworth pere , and not Butterworth , fils.A sad conclusion of the series for me ... I gave it only 1 star , 'cause I could n't give it NO stars .
 I have read just about everything W.E.B. Griffin has written , and at least twenty of them I 've read twice . Having been a huge fan of the Men at War series and Dick Cannidy especially , I was SO happy when this book was released . Unfortunately , I have to say that I wish I 'd been left with the memories of an excellent writer , because the reality of this writing is that it is boring , repetitive , spends far too much time on every single detail with little time spent on the actual plot , and an utter disappointment . We all get older , and sometime talent flags as we do - but this book would have been better had it never been written .
 I am a great fan of Griffin . I 've read every one of his books , many of them twice or more . I been concerned that he 's getting old and the supply will stop . Apparently , he 's addressed this issue by bringing in the kid . Unfortunately , the kid ca n't write . While emulating the old man 's style , the story is boring , incomplete , and tedious . There really is no story . An excellent first chapter is never wrapped properly . We spend the whole book setting up our hero to go into action on Cypress , except it never happens . Such a disappointment .
 There seemed to be an inordinate time to set the various scenes -- sometimes too detailed ... This is not a typical WEB Griffin .
 As a avid fan of WEB Griffin its sad to report that this is not his work . Its a collection of pointless prose . The story line is absent , without destimation . There us no romance , honor , tension , clausable actions or solutions . Names of previous charcters are used but they are shadows , not real characters . The best I can say is that the type is big and the pages few .
 As the professional writers have already spilled the beans , I 'm giving nothing away to say that the two parallel plots : German spy/saboteurs at work in the U.S. and American agents setting up the invasion of Sicily by means of co-opting members of the mob is the core of this book . Griffin again falls back onto the FBI OSS rivalry and the old boy net of FDR 's government . The vision of the military and intelligence services as a playground of the rich and well connected , which has some grounding in actuality , is again overplayed . Those unfamiliar with the history may be a bit confused - but WEB fans are familiar with this internal conflict by now . The problem with this novel is that it stops abruptly half way through the central events . I fear what we have here is a set up for numerous shenannigans as Patton and Monty race to Palermo in a forthcoming `` Invaders '' or some such novel . Ah well , if the tale had been finished , this would have been a great beach book . I 'll wait until then and give it two stars for now , but reserve the right to add some more when I see the next half . Meanwhile , if you are going to buy this book , and if you are a WEB fan you probably will , try to negotiate half price .
 I have read every book written by Griffin and I felt that it was painfully obvious that he did not write this book . I normally read his books very quickly , usually completing in a week or so looking for every opportunity to get in a chapter or two . However , with this book , I could not get myself interested or excited to read it . It dragged so much and there just was n't any suspense . Some parts were anguishing to read and I * gasp * found myself speed reading through parts so that I could move on to another book . I can not recommend it . I do however recommend his earlier series of , `` Brotherhood of War '' , `` The Corps '' , and `` Honor Bound '' .
 This was a real letdown from W.E.B. Griffin and William Butterworth 's previous efforts . It had way too many subplots going that never were tied together . When I was 7/8ths of the way through , I knew that I had been duped !! Really a disappointment !! If they are thinking that I 'll buy the next one to see how it all came out , I think I 'll wait and borrow a paperback edition from someone . It does n't deserve shelf space in my library !!
 I was so disappointed with this book . I 've read every one that he 's published and this one lacked the depth of character and the polished story line that has prevailed in the other books . It was like he was rushed to get this one published .
 I am a avid fan of WEB Griffin , I believe I 've read every word he 's put in print . This wanders around ultimately gets lost and is a waste of time and money . Obviously he did not proof the final book . Next time I 'll wait and buy a used copy , YOU keep your money ,
 This book reads as if it 's only half the story . It 's literaly half the length of Griffin 's other books -LRB- about 250 pages vs. a typical 500 pages -RRB- . It reads as if Griffin was forced to tack on a quick ending in order to meet a publication deadline . What happened ? My guess is that this book was largely written by his son who is a new novelist and perhpas a slower writer than dad . He could not finish the book on time , so the publisher made him quickly come up with an ending for the half finished book so that it could go to press on time .
 Did Griffin really put his name on this ??? I was ready to quit reading it four times , but continued because I bought it and at least wanted my money 's worth . And I think I should have been paid to read this ! Butterworth , what on earth have you been doing for your 25 years as a major newspaper and magazine writer/editor ? This is insanely bad writing ! As a man , do you really care what the wallpaper smelled like ? I mean , come on !
 I bought the book , read it and then sat down to write a review -LRB- never done this before -RRB- . Then I thought I would read what other people thought of it . I was very surprised to find a few -LRB- very few -RRB- who thought that it was a good read . I am WEB 's greatest fan ... read them all . This is awful ... not worth the paper it is written on . Flowery descripitons of every detail do not make a good book . There really is n't a plot or story line ... there is nothing !!! No doubt about it , someone else wrote it . Sorry for the son , he just is n't able to carry on the grand tradition . Major dissapointment !
 Before reading The Saboteurs , I re-read The Secret Warriors and The Soldier Spies . Only the used names were the same . Unfortunately , the characters were not and the story was highly unlikely . A poor attempt of one my favorite authors .
 I can not help but think this book was cranked out to just meet some deadline . We have all the usual Griffin characteristics such as several of the primary characters having more money than some small countries . All of the women are beautiful . The lower-ranking officer bumping the higher-ranking officer off of a flight . After reading these same scenarios in many of his other books , I 'm getting a bit tired of them . And maybe that is how the book was written - just grabbing a handful of existing scenarios , shuffling them around , and write a bit of new dialogue to fill in the gaps . This book also demonstrates another recent characteristic of Griffin 's books , namely the entire book is a build-up to some pivotal climax . Yet the climax itself is maybe a page long and extremely anti-climatic . I will agree these are never meant to be classic literature . But would it hurt to have someone else read the book before it is sent to the publisher ? Then maybe we would n't have to read about the taxi driver putting the cab 's transmission in Park . I really doubt many taxi 's had automatic transmissions in 1943 .
 I ca n't wait for a WEB publication . This book is , I really do n't know . A major disappoinment . It 's like a preview of what may come in the future . Little detail , little plot , just weak.Don ' t know what happened -- but a poor read .
 I was totally disappointed with this book . 300 + pages of nothing . I had read all of the Griffin war series and enjoyed them but this book had no real plot , virtually no action , and no real end to the story . If you like reading about coffee being served , drinks being poured , or hotel room decorations , you may like this book . What a waste of time and money .
 I was mightily disappointed in this latest book , purported to be written by my favorite author . Where did he go ? The plot was improbable , disjointed . The characters were forgettable . The theme , Our Patriotic Mobsters And How They Helped Us Win The War , is only of mild interest . I should have known that something was wrong when I looked at the author 's pictures
 A very disappointing book . After reading so many good books by Griffin in this series , this is a sorry excuse . There is no consistant plot line and after setting up the adventure in Sicily for the entie book it takes less than 10 pages to occur . There is never any account on how the hero gets his man . I can not believe that the state of ones bladder could so dominate the thinking of one individual . He should try Vesicare .
 I had n't read this in about 20 years but decided to try it again . I really do like many of Bradley 's Darkover books , especially the Renunciate books . However , The Spell Sword , one of her earlier works , has little depth to its characters and is not as well written as her later books . As another reviewer said , The Forbidden Tower , which I really like , has these same characters . The Forbidden Tower was published 3 years later and Bradley had improved her character and plot development skills most satisfactorily by then . The Spell Sword left me feeling unsatisfied and frustrated with the weak characters presented in the book . What little informationthe Spell Sword has can be found in later , much more well-written books.Its most interesting to read the Darkover books in chronological order -LRB- as listed at various websites -RRB- , but you can skip this book and go directly to The Forbidden Tower and you would not have missed anything .
 Like the author 's previous works , White Light examines the human condition against a backdrop of ideas of the grandest scale . Unfortunately , in this instance it feels like the authors have lost control . The characters are one dimensional , able to only focus on wanting sex , having sex or reacting to the consequences of wanting/having sex . The main feeling you have for them is that they all need serious therapy . This against a background that is awesome in its scope and vision , although the effect is diluted considerably since we are given no real explanation for what we are seeing , why it is happening or why it is important . The main effect is that the authors raided their idea files and threw everything into the pot . The characters travel across the universe , encounter cosmic engineering , alternate universes , the Tiplerian Omega Point and ultimately Heaven and God and the only thing they ever think about is who 's sleeping with whom . The characters are too twisted to relate to and the background to confused to do more than frustrate me . I closed the book feeling disappointed and frustrated .
 As an avid Science Fiction reader I was surprised in the quality of White Light after some of the reviews I read . The characters were never developed . The story itself was extremely disjointed . It seemed that that the authors had creative ideas and tried to bring them together but cared nothing about the fact that it became absurd . One final observation was about the excessive sex involved . At first you could see the connection and it did help in understanding the characters . Later it became obviously overdone and borderline comical . I have never disliked a book more .
 This has to be one of the worst books I 've read in a while . I kept reading , hoping it would redeem itself , but instead it only got worse . The misogynistic Wolf , the main character , never grows past his obsession with women 's genitalia . The women have no depth and remain objectified . The plot , if one can call it that , becomes horribly improbable and stereotypical at the same time - star gates which magically transport , good aliens who can telepathically speak to us , bad aliens trying to wipe out humanity , etc. ...
 It started out slow and a little interesting . Then , it moved into some real action with some believable SF.Then came the profanity and the sexual overtones . I could deal with that , but after about 100 pages it grew old . And to make matters worse , all of a sudden the book moves into totally unbelievable situations and events . I do n't mean unbelievable like `` Wow that 's cool ! '' I mean it like `` There 's no way this could happen , that 's stupid ... `` And to top it all off , there was still about 125 pages to go and the story was going downhill fast . It seemed like the writers recognized that the plot was fading and they had n't developed an ending . So , they apparently decided to throw in a lot more sex scenes more often.The writers should have stuck to SF and not to their sexual fantasies.I finished it -LRB- against my better judgement ... -RRB- Only because I am waiting on a book in a series that I am in the middle of . If I had it , this book would have gone by the wayside very quickly.Anyway , the first third of the book is `` ok '' to `` almost good '' . After that , you can decide .
 This book was too grandiose for its own good . The characters were one-dimensional . The plot was unbelievable . The authors were not even careful to keep track of what happened and keep things consistent .
 I have read s-f for many years -LRB- since Heinlein 's heyday in the 50 's -RRB- , and in general I am rather accepting of not-so-great novels . I have read and greatly enjoyed these authors ' previous work -LRB- Alpha Centauri -RRB- . White Light is the worst SF story I have read in a long time . The `` space exploration '' part is lame and seems quite unsophisticated or convincing , and the same goes for the `` cosmology '' part . As previous reviewers have noted , the characters were not likeable nor even very interesting . Regarding the sex , that was about the only part I sort of liked , but I was n't looking for an erotic novel . If someone gives you this book and you have nothing else to do , maybe it is worth reading . Otherwise , forget it !
 This story is bascially the worst of every soap opera plot combined with 2001 . The use of profainity is unnecessary . And the she slept with him/he slept with her subplots steal every potential storyline in the book , making a terrible novel . The only good thing about the book is the excellent cover . That is the only reason this got 2 stars instead of one . Read the Odyssey books by Arthur C. Clarke instead .
 I had no idea it was sheet music . I do not use sheet music.I am a huge James Taylor fan , but I would never have a way to use it .
 To say that this book was disappointing would be an understatement . The only story that was the slightest bit interesting was ` The Treasure Hunt ' by Mary Balogh . It is about a young woman , Lady Constance Manning , who realizes too late that she has engaged herself to the younger brother when she is actually in love with the older one . Even that story was somewhat unsatisfying as , in the end , we are left wondering if the younger brother sacrifices his own love so that Connie may be happy or if he is also happy to break the engagement . However , the story itself is very sensitive and touching in the usual Balogh style . I hope she writes a sequel for the younger brother , Sidney . But the other stories are so boring that it is a chore to turn the pages . My recommendation
 Very disappointed with the condition of this book . I chose this one because it said GOOD condition . I wanted it for my son to follow along with in school and make his own notes . The cover was beat up , the pages were ragged and just about every page had notes and marks on it . The seller contacted me via email and discussed a possible return or replacement , and I never heard from them again . Very disappointed .
 A review by KayteeThe Giver is a novel set in black and white talking about the color of emotions . This book is focused on telling the world how there should be no hate , no crime , no hurt or pain . It also describes everyone being happy and living a cheerful life , as we all know , that 's not how it is in this world unfortunately . A young man given the name Jonas was given the chance to become the quote on quote `` Receiver of memories . '' As he turns 12 years old he 's known as The Giver . He sees everything in a good way but realizes how much of a difference there is in the world.I did n't enjoy reading `` The Giver '' at all . The beginning of this book was so boring , and did n't catch my attention one bit . But as a read on and on I would get more into it . But soon enough it would lose my attention again . The beginning was a little bit strange at some parts . Towards the middle I enjoyed a lot ! I think it is because that 's where all the action is , and the ending , well , let 's just say the author really lost me there ! I think this book deserves two starts because it 's that kind of book that can catch your attention at some points but others you just feel as if you do n't want to read it anymore . Hopefully next time we choose a book to read I 'll know its one I actually have an interest in.I strongly do not recommend this book to a young adult . I think this book should before mature audiences because he talks about injections as well as his love for a lady . I do n't think that should be allowed for a 9 or 10 year old .
 The fact that I had to read it for class did not help me appreciate this book . I did not like the main character , Jonas , or any of the other characters . I was utterly bored , even with the few interesting pages this book provided . I did appreciate the messages that -LRB- my class and -RRB- I got out of this book -LRB- such as how differences are important -RRB- . The ending , though some may enjoy being able to make up their own , annoyed me . I had many unanswered questions by the end of the book . It bothered me that Jonas , knowing the cruelty of his lifestyle and that there was a better place , would leave his impressionable sister there . Jonas is willing to save the baby , but not his own sister ? Having read The Outsiders the year before -LRB- which I had enjoyed immensely -RRB- I had high hopes for this book . Reading this book made me return to my previous opinion that the teachers who choose which books the class is to read enjoy torturing their students .
 I felt the giver had ver interesting ideas , but they were expressed so slow and boring . It ruined a lot of the book .
 Disappointing that the CD was obviously overwritten with the story . It was possible to hear some of the songs in the background . All the song titles are still showing - no chapters or book references . I was disappointed and feel a little cheated since it was supposed to be a brand new copy .
 ok i can understand why this book got a newberry metal , it had a good plot and it is worth reading but i found that i did n't really like the characters and i thought that it was alittle too improbable even for a sci-fi book . as i said before you should get this book and it is worth reading at least to give you a new idea of what life might be like in the future .
 I had to read this book as part of a Young Adult literature class , and the attend a lecture by Lois Lowery . I can honestly say , that I was n't that thrilled with the book . I felt like I 'd read it before . I had n't , but I read a book that had similar ideas that was written in 1938 by Ayn Rand entitled Anthem . Anthem takes place in the future , in a world where individuals have no name , no independence , and no values . All decisions are made by committees and individualism does n't exist . Giver is essentially about a society that has eliminated pain and strife by converting to `` Sameness , '' a plan that has also eradicated emotional depth from their lives .
 The story has a very interesting if not new theme of a dystopic planned society and the ending is deliberately open . Unfortunately , the story has logical problems that prove distracting to a reader thinking about the subjects raised , and therefore make you aware you are reading a constructed narrative.Better constructed stories on similar dystopic themes areThe Forgotten Door -LRB- Apple Paperbacks -RRB- , Between Planets , Citizen of the Galaxy .
 I have just read this book -LRB- ... -RRB- . This book was interesting and at some parts it left you wanting to read more and more . But at the begining of this book the author seemed to not have any idea of what she was writing . The begining and the end i personaly thought were terrible . Not so much as the end but the last chapter . The parts that kept me reading were good but still the author might have been able to put more thought into what she was writing . The author had many things that did not fit and things that were badly placed because of the words that she had said before .
 This book was a well written book , I think , but I did not enjoy reading it . It did not hold my attention very much and I found that the storyline changed a lot . I would not recommend this for anyone under 14 .
 There is a lot of excitement about this book . I read it before my daughter , and man was I glad I did . This is an intersting , read , but for kids over 14 . I believe the subject of murdering babies is not appropriate , not matter what , for pre-teens . The book is too dark for young kids . There are many parts of the story that are wonderful and thought provoking , but it just goes too far for kids . Call me a prude , but what my kids read IS important -- I urge you , as a parent to read it first to see if you agree .
 The giver was about a boy named Jonas . Jonas has a sister and a mom and dad . Jonas turns twelve and gets assigned a job . Jonas 's job is The Receiver Of Memories . That means Jonas takes on memories . After his training he will be The Giver . The Giver talks about the the last receiver of memories and how she asked to be released . So The Giver told Jonas after your training I will be released . So when he was done with his training he heard that Gabe his little friend that was staying with his family was going to be released . Jonas took Gabe and ran away.This book was hard for me to get into . It really did n't have a lot of action and was mostly boring in my opinion . That is why I rated it a one star .
 This was not good literature based on three main reasons . I was n't very interested while reading this book because it was first upsetting , secondly the ending was not what I expected , and finally it is disgusting . It was upsetting because they had no feelings for little children . If you were a twin they would weigh you and if you weighed less you would be released . Also , the ending was n't good at all because it just ends , when you want to know more . Some of the memories the Giver transferred were disgusting . For example , when Jonas was sledding and hit a tree and he saw his own flesh and was bleeding . A quote to support my answer is then ending of the book , '' Behind him , across a vast distances of space and time , from the place he had left , he thought he heard music too . But perhaps it was only an echo . '' The way the book ended was confusing because it seemed that there should be more too it , but there was n't . As you can see , this text is not good literature .
 The Giver was not good literature because it was n't full of feelings , there was not interesting details , and there was not a surprise ending . The Giver was not full of feelings because Johanas ' community had no feelings . Also there was nothing to explain if there were no emotions . Another reason why The Giver was not good literature is because there were no interesting details . Nothing was really explained in The Giver . Also in the interesting parts the author did n't really go into detail . Lastly , The Giver was not good literature is because there was not a surprise ending . The ending of The Giver was horrible . The last words of the whole story were `` But perhaps it was only an echo . '' That is why The Giver was not good literature .
 A reader from Seaford
 The Giver , December 16 , 2004A Kid 's ReviewThe giver was about a boy named Jonas . Jonas has a sister and a mom and dad . Jonas turns twelve and gets assigned a job . Jonas 's job is The Receiver Of Memories . That means Jonas takes on memories . After his training he will be The Giver . The Giver talks about the last receiver of memories and how she asked to be released . So The Giver told Jonas after your training I will be released . So when he was done with his training he heard that Gabe his little friend that was staying with his family was going to be released . Jonas took Gabe and ran away.This book was hard for me to get into . It really did n't have a lot of action and was mostly boring in my opinion . That is why I rated it a one star .
 Although given a newberry award , The Giver is both boring and confusing . It 's too confusing and deep for children . I did n't understand this book and I do n't think it made a lot of sense .
 I thought that the book was kind of weird . It was mostly about a perfect town but the did not really live the way people where made to live . Basicly they do n't have feelings or know about anything from a normal town . The people do not know war , love , hunger , they also did n't know what dieing was , and no one new that released ment killing some one .
 I feel strongly that this book should not be required reading for children under 14 years of age . It often is on the curriculum for 5th and 6th grades . Many of the themes require more mature students to be able to discuss the difficult social issues . I highly recommend a parent read this book if his/her child is reading it .
 The Giver is every adolescent 's frustrated view of the world given a fictional future reality . Pills keep you from enjoying sex , your parents are obsessive-compulsively normal , and only one person in the whole city knows what 's going on and how things got that way . One very special boy decides to break the chain . So far so good
 This book was pretty good except for some disturbing parts . Lois Lowry did an excellent job describing all of the memories that the main charater Jonas was given in his job that was chosen for him at the age of tweleve . His job is to recieve memories from this man called the Giver . In Jonas 's `` perfect society '' there is no color , choices , music , or feelings . When I say feelings I mean nothing . They do not feel love , pain , sadness , or memories like war , death , animals , -LRB- yes they do n't have animals or know what they are -RRB- weather , cars , airplanes , or holidays . That is n't even all of the things they do n't have or know about . They also chose you husband/wife . You do not get any say in who it is . There is no choice in this community . That is n't the most disturbing of all . In the community when you become `` useless '' or old you are moved to the house of the old . After a while when they think you become really `` useless '' you are killed by being injected with a clear liquid . If you think that is disturbing they do the same thing with babies too ! Only 50 babies are born a year by the birthmothers -LRB- a job you can get -RRB- if twins are born or a baby is n't OK to be given to a family -LRB- yes they are given children they do not have them -RRB- they kill them with the same liquid as the old people except it is injected into their forehead!This book utterly disturbed me . If you do not like to read about gruesome death I strongly advise you not to read this .
 Young Jonas , eleven and turning twelve , lives in a community of the future where everyone is happy and everyone is the same - to the point that sunshine has been ` edited out ' and citizens do n't see colors . The young lad is selected to be a keeper of memory , which means that the previous Keeper will give him his memories -LRB- by laying hands on him , Vulcan style -RRB- . These are collective memories , of war , famine , biological families , snow , colors and sunshine -LRB- all eliminated from this ` utopian society ' -RRB- . Jonas feels colors and snow , decides they are good , snatches a little baby that was about to be euthanized and heads for the hills , with the blessing of his Keeper . The idea is that as soon as he 's gone , the painful memories he had inside would spread out into the community and society would be transformed.The writing is good , and the ideas sound interesting at first . The intent is fairly clear
 The beginning it is really boring . Once you pass like Chapter 6 or 7 , that is when the climax gets very interesting .
 That 's all there is . This book is nothing more than a watered-down kiddie version of 1984 . It uses the same central theme -- disallusionment of `` the system '' , rebellion against `` the system '' , and the ultimate breaking of the disallusioned.The story is slow -LRB- and painful , if you 've read any other society-gone-to-hell pieces -RRB- , the characters are bland . Heck , the only reason Jonas and the Giver are any bit interesting is that Lowry seems to have fashioned them off of Luke Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi .
 I first read this book in seventh grade , for a book report . I had mixed feelings about certain parts , but ultimately hated it . It was too sci-fi for my tastes.I read it again recently , and I still do n`t really like it . It ` s too confusing , too scifi-ish , too many twists and turns.So , my opinion
 My sixth grade son read The Giver as an assignment so I also read it . The book is about a society in which each child 's profession is chosen for him . Only one child at a time is trained as The Receiver , the only one who knows emotions . He receives that information from The Giver . The book contains visions of murder and suicide that I do not believe are appropriate for children this age . -LRB- It also gave me nightmares . -RRB- In particular , I object to a murder that is committed by a respected parent . I think that a child could and would think that parents can not be trusted after reading this book . I also disagree with the book 's depiction of child suicide and murder of the elderly.I think that so many children like the book because their teachers present the book in a positive way . Children expect that they will be assigned to read good books , not lousy books , and the teachers support that expectation . Speaking as a former teacher , I would never have assigned this book to my class . Speaking as a parent , I would never have encouraged my child to read this book . It is sick .
 Newberry Awards are most useful for telling a reader which books to avoid . This is an example of a ` book ' that wins an award for appealing to literary intelligentsia rather than because it 's a ` good read ' . There 's no sense of wonder , no sense of adventure , but everything is very * PC * . Go buy `` White Fang '' or `` The Yearling `` Read something by Mercedes Lackey , R. A. Heinlein , H. Beam Piper or David Weber . But for goodness sake , please do n't buy this book on the same principle of * not * feeding stray cats . It only encourages them to stick around and reproduce .
 Children are forced to read this book in 7th grade . At one point the book was banned in many schools and I can see why . Do you really want your children to read about babies being murdered by their own parents and tossed down a garbage chute ? That 's only one example of this warped tale . The book is so dark that I think it can disturb children and possibly adults as well . The points made in the book can be made without the intense darkness and fear pervading the story.I do n't think any 7th grader is emotionally mature enough to read The Giver . When I was in middle school we read a short story by Ray Bradbury that made all of the same points -LRB- in a SHORT story no less -RRB- without the horror . A better writer does not need graphic and disturbing details to bring a child to think .
 The book Im doing my review on is The Giver and the author is Lois Lawry . Some of the main characters are Jonas , the Giver , Jonas 's parents , and Gabriel . The setting of this book is in a private community . Some of the main conflicts are that Jonas gets . To the age where he gets assigned his jobs . Something specail is when they get there jobs . The place they 're at is a dystopia . I liked the book at first , but then it got boring . I did n't like that their comunity wanted to be so perfect it was boring . Thats my opinion .
 When I was told about this book I was told good things but when I read it I was disgusted by the story . I just found it so terrible and wicked I stopped reading . Any one who thinks this is a good book for a child could n't be more wrong .
 Just because a book has a sad ending does not make it a good book . The plotting was thin , the characterization was uneven , the characters themselves were described as smart but acted like idiots , the writing was juvenile . I had to go look and see if a teenager wrote this - no , it 's an experienced writer . She 's got no excuse . The book is a hack , in the original sense of the word . It takes pieces of other stories , hacks them to pieces , and reassembles them - badly.The first part starts out decently written - if you have n't watched TV or read any science fiction for the past 50 years you wo n't see what 's coming , but if you have you 'll smirk at the rather transparent `` hidden '' aspects of the society . The trouble is when these things are revealed it 's supposed to be shocking , and it 's not . I can only assume the award committee would never lower themselves to consume popular lowbrow media because everything in this book has been done , over and over , ad infinitum , since the 60 's . Soylent Green , Star Trek , Twilight Zone , Asimov , etc - all did it first and honestly , did it far better.Haven ' t been this disappointed in a book in ages . This is what kids are expected to read in school across the country ? This is supposed to make them think ? Why is this particular book so popular with the adults who educate kids?It 's getting made into a movie - and for once I can see this fact improving a book . This was * made * for the movies ; what seems terribly shallow on the page might seem deep and meaningful on screen . Although I can only hope they dispense with the `` Blue Eyes Soooo Special ! '' bit , because that bit just makes me sick .
 I do n't recommend the book the Giver to most people . It has a poor mixture of mystery and drama . If you like action books , this one 's not for you . It has a dull plot because it takes place in an descrete area that is diconnected from society that we know and love . Everything is perfect , except for one thing . The freedom of choice we have does not exist in that world . The main character is a young boy by the name Jonas . He is chosen to take on a job that the community depends on . He has to recive many memories of the past in order to protect the future , yawn . if you were to like the book , Charlie and the Chocolate factory , this ones for you .
 This book has generally been described as a book about a utopia , while we ignore the pressing issue
 Ok this book really stinks ! The place where the main character , Jonas lives has really weird rules . Ok to the point . One point in the book people are seperated from animals ! Think what you would be like with out your cat or any pet to keep you company at night or morning or the afternoon . It is so sad . That is not the worst part . One part in the book they talk about that twins are not allowed in this place . If a mom has twins guess what happens ? They weigh the twins and which one is lighter they get rid of . The other one they make nice and comfortable . Here is what happens in deeper detail . They weighed the twins . One is lighter so they put in a garbage shoot and let it get crushed . Meanwhile the `` lucky '' baby who weighed more is nice and comfortable and is smiling at his or her lost twin . Why they do this ? I do n't know ! I took the book and threw it and cried and never read it again . My friends told me that the book NEVER recovers after this part . I do not recomond this book to anyone .
 this was such a boring book ! I had to read it for school , and i kept falling asleep ! it is confusing and has a very wierd plot . An old man passing on memories by touching someone ? give me a break ! dont read this book !
 `` The Giver '' is a novel which deals with the problems boy named Jonas who lives in a totalitarian system.I this system , the habitants are genetically manipulated so that they are not able to feel.Only the `` Receiver of Memories '' has feelings and Jonas is chosen to be the next one . In his assignement he is able to get to know the whole truth about their society which reveals enormous cruelties.The author employs the third - person-point of view but she stays close to the protagonist 's perspective , so that the reader is able to identify with Jonas.The novel is easy to read and to understand because she often uses hypotaxes.In regard to the content and the action , the text is diaphonous and the characters do not have uncommon personalities.I think , the novel is approciated for younger people from about 10 to 14 years because the plot is often flat and ordinary . So in my opinion , the text does not belong to high-quality-literature .
 This book is widely used in English class by middle schools in Southwestern Pennsylvania.I have heard many complaints from parents about the violent subject matter contained in this story.After reading the book , I find that the most offensive incident was the murder of a newborn twin via lethal injection . As newborns have no visible veins , the infant was injected in the forehead.Now if you think that this is appropriate subject matter for your 7th and 8th grade children , buy it . If you choose not to buy it , please beware that they may still read it in school.As an adult and father of four , I 'm left with the impression that an adolescent would be less likely to trust their parents after reading this book.Save you money and buy a classic .
 This boring novel is filled with sci-fi . Only few parts in the book are exciting . Even though strange , it has earned many awards . The author that wrote this book is very talented . It is filled with sadness . The best part in the book is when Jonas -LRB- main character -RRB- learns what the word released means . Released is when a person is killed that is not reacting good in the community that they live in . In his community there are no automobiles , alcohol , money and many other different things . Instead of driving cars they drive bicycles . There are also no jobs . Instead of money people get things free . Goods are supplied to all households . Over all I do n't reccomend this book unless you are boring .
 The book was n't so insteresting , because in the begining the reality that Jonas was in did n't seem the same as the reality that I 'm in . It was n't easy to understand that Jonas 's community does n't have what in my reality does . Like Jonas 's community does n't have feelings of love , hurt , pain , sadness , or even happiness . People in his community do n't want nobdy to suffer , that they want to have a perfect community . Something in this reality ca n't be .
 My son 's 6th grade teacher read The Giver to his class a few months ago . I am into children 's literature of all types and I as his mother like to read what he is assigned in his class . I was very disappointed with The Giver . Number The Stars was absolutely 5 star fabulous . But , The Giver -- too adult for one . I especially did n't like the way Ms. Lowry degrades womanhood and motherhood in this book . To be called as a ` birthmother ' in this book is to have a dishonored scum life . I already see enough in our society of the degradation of motherhood -- I do n't want to read it in a book -- much less have my son exposed to such obsurdity . Also , the part in the book where all boys had to take a pill once the pubescent stirrings begin was a very ` out to lunch ' kind of notion . I realize this is a fictional book . But , how about keeping books perfectly clean in all aspects ? Number The Stars was clean and uplifting in all regards . Charles Dickens Great Expectations is about the best book I have ever read . Ms. Lowry has such a gift of writing . I 'd like to see her keep to clean , uplifting , inspiring content . Good books are my escape of societal ills . The Giver reminded me of too much of our own social problems .
 Ok , here is a story about a town who does n't have to worry about pain or change . You are assigned jobs and you have to apply for spouses and children but there are only 2 children , one boy and one girl , per household . And they have The Ceremonies , where at certain ages you get certain privliges . Anyways when this one kid named Jonas turns 12 he is `` selected '' as the Reciever of Memory and he meets the Giver where he gets all these memories . He expiriences stuff the rest of the town has no clue about.Anyways I had to read this book for school and I did n't like it too much . It was n't hard to understand - everything was explained clearly . But I mean come on , this book is so strange in a bad way . And when Jonas learned what being released was it made me want to put the book down and never touch it again . I can handle a lot of things but this book makes me sick ! And I would not read this to younger children or those with a weak stomach . So to anyone who is thinking of buying this book , do n't unless you have to for work/school .
 I thought this book was ghastly . This book is based in a utopia where the government is perfect and everyone lives in harmony . A boy named Jonas has become the receiver of memory , his journey is filled with joy and pain . But the only pain there is s having to read it . If you have a choice do n't . The author did an awful job writing it , there was almost no action and it had a linear plot . So do yourself a favour and do n't read it .
 I could n't finish this book , but I got far enough through it to know that I did n't like it . It is sort of a gated community slash perfect world type setting , where nothing really interesting ever happens . Duh !!! Trevor
 BAD . I hate this book , im currently being made to read it along with my other classmates in Reading clas . I do not like it , and i dont understand how you other people can . But hey , each to his own . The only way i would reccomend this to someone is if you paid me a million dollars , and even then i would take the money , then write the reccomendation on a sticky note , and put it on the fridge . Only read this if you dont have ANYTHING ELSE TO DO . * You know you love me * PS - Sorry if some of you feel like I bashed a favorite book of yours . But hey ... . i have a right to free speech .
 This book , The Giver , is written by the well known author Lois Lowry . She is a very talented author and has won many awards for this book . This book takes place in a `` perfect '' community . It is run by commity of elders . They make all the decisions for the community because they think that they will make the wrong decisions in life . When you become a nine , which is your age , you receive a bike . When you becaome a twelve you will receive an assignment which is just like yoiur job . Jonas is picked to be the receiver of memories which is a very honorable job . The giver must give the receiver the memories . Jonas gets all the feelings that he has never felt before . He desperately wants to see the real world . Overall this book was not to good . It was very hard to keep reading it .
 The begining of this book was good . It is a good idea for a book but it seems incompleat . I had to read this book in 6th grade 2 years later i bought it so i could see why i hated it . It 's because at the end he is just at the top of the hill looking down . It needs to tell what hapens next . Some books that i read are like that except the endings are writen so that you can imagin what happens . The Giver just stops . I think the book should be rewritten with a better end . Maybe I will write a sequal .
 I do n't recommend this book because it was boring ! I thought it made no sense . It was very weird that his world had no color , and so many rules ! In the book I felt that it put down pregnant woman . It had no choice to it , meaning that the people of this community had no say in who they were going to marry , their jobs and they did n't even have their own children ! BUT alot of people also enjoyed the book , but I do n't recommend it .
 I read this book in one day , but it was n't really that great , in my opinion . It seemed just like all the other utopian/distopian books I 've read . However , if you like this kind of literature , then go for it .
 I did not like this book at all . I do n't know , maybe it 's just me , but I like books THAT MAKE SENSE ! The Giver had nothing to do with reality and did not make much sense at all . For example - where did it take place ? I had to write a report on it with a paragraph of the setting ... and I had to say ' a community ' . I 'm sorry but I do n't really understand where everyone is getting the idea that this book is ` perfect ' and all . I mean I can KINDA see where your coming from if you were to say that the book makes you think or is intresting . Because I 'm not going to lie The Giver was OK and intresting to read and get away from it all ... but it 's a LITTLE over the top.I was giving MY opinion,-Megan V. -
 I do n't understand what 's the big deal about this book . Having read tons of scifi , I expected more from a Newberry winner . What I got was a rehash of The Lottery , with the typical utopian society so immersed in its own sickness it ca n't see straight . This book is all right for younger audiences , but I like more complexity and originality in my books .
 ok i can understand why this book got a newberry metal , it had a good plot and it is worth reading but i found that i did n't really like the characters and i thought that it was alittle too improbable even for a sci-fi book . as i said before you should get this book and it is worth reading at least to give you a new idea of what life might be like in the future .
 Although in my book club this got high reveiws , I completely disagree.I could not catch on to the story . Before I could used to the beginning of the concept , I was on the last page . The whole &#34; perfect world &#34; idea was original , but hard to both comprehend it as the meaning and stick to the idea . It was ... different . However , the ending was n`t very clear . You could not tell what happened to the main character at the end , so it did not work well for me.Original , but not for me .
 This book took about 3 hours to read from cover to cover , and I am glad that I did n't invest any more time in it than that . -LRB- It also reminded me of why I have not bothered with fiction for so many years . -RRB- Problems :1 . We do n't have any explanation of how this situation came to be . At least in `` Animal Farm , '' there is something to explain how the events came to be . Nor do we clearly understand the ending of the book . It had one of those bailout endings . -LRB- Imagine the author thinking `` How do I end this thing ? Oh , I do n't know . Let 's just give it an ending . '' -RRB- 2 . We do n't know where are these people with respect to everyone else in the world . Did everyone else just mysteriously vanish leaving these people to live this life ? 3 . There were a few too many elements borrowed from other dystopian novels . So , we did notice that Lowry showed characters who made up compound words to describe things that would have been distasteful to them . -LRB- `` Release '' = death ; `` newchild '' = baby , etc. -RRB- 4 . These topics are way too heavy for this to be a children 's book . I understand what Lowry was getting at in most instances -LRB- `` What is pleasure without pain ? '' or `` If you never have to struggle to survive , how do you appreciate surviving ? '' -RRB- , but one comes away with the impression that this was just overall poorly done . She could have chosen one SIMPLE theme and stuck with it -- so as to make the book suitable for children . -LRB- How many childrens ' books need Cliffs ' notes for goodness sake ? -RRB- 5 . Can people really be modified this much ? The point of human beings is to make more DNA -LRB- and not the other way around -RRB- . Can people so easily be trained to abandon their sexual feelings or their babies ? People see colors before they can describe them in words . How do you train someone to not understand that ? Perhaps it is good that this book * was * written for kids , because at this point in time , the feats that would have been necessary to make these people could not have been believed by any reasonable adult -LRB- that had sat through Bio 101 -RRB- . I would pay , at most , $ 1 for this book -- but not for my children . Just to read it out of curiousity / morbid interest .
 I 've read this book twice now , about three years apart . I did n't care for it then , and I do n't care for it now . Although a somewhat interesting general plot , I never felt the urge to `` find out what happened next . '' I do n't know why this book is hailed as one of the greatest books ever written , a modern classic . The characters seemed dull and one-dimesional . The plot , although unique in some ways , just seemed mashed together from several different stories written before . I do understand this is a children 's book , though I do not see what everybody sees in this below average exploration in dystopias and human nature.For books about dystopias and human nature , I suggest reading more interesting novels such as 1984 , Brave New World , A Clockwork Orange , the Dune Chronicles , One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , Bonfire of the Vanities , Mother Night , etc. . For some good short stories , read Harrison Bergeron , Those Who Walk Away From Omelas , The Veldt , and others.Rating - 2 stars - You can pass this one up .
 I did not like this book very much because well it did not makesence to me because well it was not a good book . I would not reccomendit to anyone no matter what because well i think they will not like it . I did not like the ending it just ended and it did not make sence to me . I liked how they decribed the community and how they decribed the memories Jonas recived and the memories Giver had of his past and other things like that . I liked Asher Jonas 's bestfriend and Fioena too and i liked how they decribed Gabe in the book and how they decribed Gabes eyes how Gabe looked a little like Jonas . The other characters in the book were Lilly and mother and father and the old people that Jonas knew and the commity of elders and every one that he knew .
 Maybe the best book I 've ever read in my life ... until it reaches the ending . The most dissapointing feeling i ever had in my life as a reader was getting to the point of the book where i was in love with it and realizing that there were 15-20 pages left in which what i felt was the beginning of the book would have to be ended.It was criminal . The most ungodly ending i have ever read ruined a piece of literal art . It almost seemed as if Lowry just got to a point in the book where she just got bored with the book and looked to end it . It was like ending Romeo and Juliet with the families reconciling and the two living happily ever after . Killed the book altogether and I 'm furious that i was robbed of a possible legendary novel and a reading experience by an ending that just seemed effortless , giving up on an amazing concept . Sad almost .
 One of the best books I 've ever read . A quick read but you ca n't put it down anyway . It is fairy-tale , Brave New World re-visited , and profound moral proclamation all in one . Lowry wants you to use your imagination at the end . At first I did n't like this . I wanted something more real . In retrospect , however , I 've come to see that there is no room for reality and , at the same time , room for much , much more .
 The Giver was an ok book . It is a long read , but left you with a cliff hanger after every chapter . It kept me thinking the whole entire book . It was a little confusing and a not so good book .
 After reading the giver I found it to be disappointing . It was gory , violent , and confusing at some parts . And then at the end it left much of the original plot unexplained . But at that , there were a few good parts . It 's an okay book but I would not recommend It . But hey as the reader that 's YOUR choice .
 InThe Giver by Louis Lowery the main character in the book is Jonas lives in a perfect world and becomes the new reciever and tries to escape . It is set in a world that tries to have perfect community . In the book the main conflict is that the community tries to be perfect and jonas does ` nt like it . It is a dystopia world because it is a disaster , but they are trying to make it a utopia . Even though the book won a Newberry medal I do n't think this is a good book because it is boring and makes no sense . I suggest no one reads it .
 THIS BOOK WAS LONG AND BORING . I DONT KNOW HOWTHIS BOOK WON AN AWARD ! IT SUCKED ! EVERYONE I ASKEDSAID IT SUCKED TO . WHATS SO GOOD ABOUT A KID WHO ISCHOOSEN TO GO TO THIS OLD GUY SO THEY HAVE MEMORIES.THEY TOWNS SO STUPID THEY HAVE CLIMATE CONTROL!THERE TOWN IS COMMUNIST I 'D SAY.MY REAL RATING IS A -10 ! I DONT RECOMEND THIS BOOK TO ANYONE !!!!
 I loved this book , until the last page . It was black and unreadable . How horrible is it to get a book you love and not know how it ends ?
 This book was so dissapionting . The worst book that i have ever read . I would n't reccomend it to anyone . It is so weird and none of it really is exciting . The kids in the town are assigned to their parents and there job how dumb if you ask me . None of the people could seee color , i mean come on people that is ridiculous . Little babies get killed by people who 's jobs are to inject them with a needle so that they can die , how harsh is that . The people in the book ca n't taste or do anything , it is soo weird . PLEASE DONT READ THIS . I HATE THIS BOOK FOR THE 100TH TIME . It never says what they do in the end it is completely dumb.ZAMBONI
 It was awful ! I DO NOT recommend anyone read it . Maybe some people would like it , but not me . I kept reading it , hoping it would get good , but it just got worse . And the worst part about it was that at the end , I seriously felt like the book had somehow taken something from me . And I do n't mean just my time . Now I 'm just trying to get it out of my head . It had the potential to be really interesting , but I just do n't think it quite got there . Someone said it was rushed at the end . I agree . It felt like the author just kind of gave up . I was hoping that the novel would redeem itself somehow , but no such luck . I would be horrified if my child were required to read this in school . I do n't believe in censorship , but it should n't be required reading . The reading level may be for younger readers , but certainly not the topics discussed in the book . What were the Newbery people thinking ?!
 Hello ladys and gentleman , we are here to say to that the book is very boring for us ... . We have read the first two chapters , and we do n't understand the whole story ... We do n't like the story ... it 's boring . But if you like it it 's ok ... we see ...
 I 'm not sure what lesson the author intended but I would n't want my children to read this book . Better that they should read Heinlein .
 Lowry examines the idea that people might freely choose to give up their humanity in order to create a more stable society . Gradually the 12 year old boy , Jonas learns just how costly this ordered and pain-free society can be , and boldly decides he can not pay the price.Parents should be cautioned it has detailed murder of an infant and any sane minded parent should not let their children read such a disturbing story I as an adult was shaken by the contents of this book and makes me wonder how Newbery awards are granted ?????
 This book is about a 12 year old kid named Jonas . He lives in a world were they are trying to create peace everywhere , where there is no criminals or poor . Every family is perfect with two children . when the kids turn 12 the get a job that suites them the best . Older people teach them about how to do thier job correctlly , Jonas happens to get the giver , who knows things about the past that Jonas doesnt know . Everyone lives in the perfect happy world of our dreams.THE GIVER is written by Lois Lowry . It 's a fictional book . i didnt like this book because it didnt make any sense realy to me and the parts that did i thought that they were dumb . I think this book is best suited for people who love to read or read a book every day , unlike me.that is my book review on THE GIVER .
 IT IS ABOUT A KID NAMED JONAS AND AN OLD GUY WHO GIVES JONAS BAD MEMORIES . THE ENDING IS SO WEIRD . THE BOOK MAKES YOU THINK TOO HARD . IT IS BAD .
 This book is not good at all . It is very boring and really does n't have a storyline and it seems too fake to think that it is anything close to the real world that we live in . The characters are always perfect and always become the same people in the inside . The people in this book can not choose their future , which is not fair . The book gets very boring after like the first chapter . I do not recommend this book .
 I HATED THIS BOOK !!! When I was in fifth grade , my teacher read this book to us , and I did n't like it then . Now , as a sixth grader going into seventh , I had to read it again for summer reading . I thought reading it again would help me like it better , but I still dislike it now . I reccomend this book to NO ONE , unless you want to be bored out of your minds . And if you have to read it for school , like me , get it from the library . Do n't waste your money on this book .
 I think The Giver was a dumb book . The Giver was a boring bookand it had no points and it had a bad ending . The book was not a kidsbook but it would be a good book for old people or boring people who like to read .
 I would have to say this book is one of THE worst books I 've ever read ! It was totally ridiculous and I hated the ending -LRB- If you could call it that . -RRB- I felt like throwing the book across the room when I got done reading it . TERRIBLE ! TERRIBLE ! TERRIBLE ! I Loved Number The Stars but this piece of trash does n't even come close ! I 'm glad I did n't buy this -LRB- got it from school library . -RRB- I would have been VERY mad if I did . Do n't waste your time with this one !
 It showed the , definetly , unrealistic life of a boy in a weird world that was confusing .
 This book is teribal !!!!! I read it because I had to not because I wanted to . I would not have chosen this to read eventhough I am always reading . I do not recomend this book . A lot of my friends hate it too . We were talking about utopia -LRB- a perfect place -RRB- Our teacher thought that the place in this book was an exaple of a utopia . I dissagree . They kill people with shots if there are too many or if they are too old . They ca n't see color . It is stupid . When I first started reading this book it seemed boring . After a few chapters it was pretty good for a little while . Then it kept getting worse and worse . The ending seemed like the author got tired of writing so she just wrote any thing . I ca n't belive this book has been published . I think the people that gave this book the award picked a random . It does not deserve it . I think the people who like this book are crazy.This book could be improved . The subject is ok . If a lot more detail was added and color then it would be better . The book seams only half done . The ending should be changed.I do not recomend this book to anyone . The ending is just Jonas standing on a hill.DON ' T READ IT !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Really most people would like this book , but personally I think the author did n't go into enough detail on how the society * It was a completely socialistic society * was created , how they made it so people could n't see color , and other such things . It was creative , but not in very much detail , and I would recommend this to most people , but not to the one 's like me who like to see how -LRB- In the writer 's opinion -RRB- these things would be done .
 This book really did n't have a meaning to me . The ending sucked . You could n't tell what happened . You should put in a better meaning to the end of the book . The book was very stupid also . It was very not meaningful .
 For the incapable of coping - ignoring the following warning will only save you from reading this book : *** THIS POST CONTAINS SPOILERS *** The nasal and flat characters of this story . The very life , color , emotion was drained out of each of them . I know , that was the point . They gave up these things so that they could have `` better '' lives.The `` 1984 '' meets `` Logan 's Run '' atmosphere permeated the entire turning of events . No end in sight . Although I pictured mostly the cheesy outfits of the `` Logan 's Run '' movie . The `` precision of speech '' and the absolute droning manner of the dialogue continued to wear me down . Things like `` comfort object '' `` requisition of ... '' `` bicycle port '' after being said a few times I tuned them out completely.I could predict what the next words were going to be throughout the story - so consistent was the dialogue . I knew what `` release '' was from the start . I was n't surprised to learn it was death.The whole numbering thing , the age and numbering thing , the numbering age and dress and social thing . I got it - I understood the point , but the author would beat every example into the ground - as if I might have forgotten . It was monotonous.I know , that was the point.Then Jonas meets the Giver - and I think - AHA ! Here 's the answer ! And then the memories come and I think - AHA ! Here it comes ! But Jonas flees with Gabriel and they drift off into the eternal snows - `` or maybe it was just an echo . `` So 1 -RRB- Did they die ? 2 -RRB- Did they find `` elsewhere '' ? 3 -RRB- Was Jonas just playing make-believe the whole time?It was like one of those movies that after sitting through the whole thing the main character wakes up from a dream . It left me feeling cheated.And then I saw it was written in 1993 - I could have almost forgiven the book if it came from an earlier era - the ' 50 's or ' 60 's I could have almost forgiven it ... almost .
 I decide I agree and share the same feelings with most of 1-star reviews . The book is on slow pace and colorless mode -LRB- like its community -RRB- until the last few chapters . The ending is stunning , but not in a good way . It is left uncleared of what actually happened to Jonas and Gabriel . In my perception , they died . The ending is sad and disturbing , even for adults like me . Defenitely not a book for children . I regret buying and reading this book . If you ask me , `` Holes '' is much worth reading and my recommendation .
 I bought this based on all the positive reviews and the fact it was a Newberry Medal winner . However , after reading it , I 'm not sure I really trust the judgement of the Newberry Medal now . As one of the negative reviews I read mentioned , any book that portrays a society nonchalantly ` releasing ' newborn infants to maintain the order of things should not be a ` children 's ' book . There are other young adult books that depict this type of apocalyptic society just fine without resorting to that level of monstrosity . I did not feel enlightened at all upon finishing the book ... just depressed and sorry I wasted my time and money .
 When Jonas at age 12 receives the assignment of ` Receiver of memories ' he learns more about his society of sameness than he cares to . As a Teacher I found this book troubling that schools would sanction the reading of ` The Giver ' for anything less than 8th grade . The book talks about ` releasing ' people and if you have the misfortune of reading it , as you can guess , it equates to euthanasia . I read it before my son 's 6th grade class completed the book due to a newspaper article I had read 3 years ago.My son has had nightmares ever since . He does not understand why someone would write a book like this . Although there are some redeeming qualities about ` sameness ' this is a book I would not recommend in any capacity .
 THIS BOOK SUCKS !!! HOW DID IT WIN A NEWBERRY ?!?! IT HAS A CRAP ALL ENDING , AND A CRAP ALL MIDDLE , AND A CRAP ALL BEGINNING !!!! THIS BOOK SHOULD BE BURNT IN MASS QUANTITIES !!!! This book makes me a sad panda .
 The book is very good to sommeone that cares to read books . But I am not a big reader so I did n't understand it . I bet it would have been a good book if I had had time to realy sit down and read it but I nerver had time to do that so it was n't able to get to understand ...
 The title of this book is The Giver by Lois Lowry . I think that this book was written for younger kids because I 'm 15 years old and I did not like it at all.This book is about a kid that lives in some society that is made up . The kid is waiting to turn 12 for this special meeting , to go see the giver . So he sees the giver and runs away.I do not read many books unless I am forced to read them for school . And this book is different then the other 2 books I remember reading because , it is a whole different type of book.I did not like this book at all . I would not recommend this book to anyone even if it is there grade level because it puts false thoughts in people 's heads . This is what I think and nothing is going to change that .
 This book is horrible . I read it in reading class at school . It is not thrilling , to me it is boring , and the plot is just plain shot . It is about a boy named Jonas who was picked at the age of twelve to be the new Giver . Come on now , who 's society picks your job at the tender age of twelve ? Do n't waste your money on this book , but if you 're curious about it because of my review , I advise that you check this piece of crap out from the library .
 I think that this book is SO boring ! If you get past the first chapter and like it you are just plain ODD !
 I gave this book a one because some of the ideals in the book are different from my personal beliefs , for instance when the newborn twins were weighed and one was killed because weight was less .
 THIS BOOK IS CERTAINLY NOT WHAT ANY CHILD SHOULD BE READING ! I WAS SHOCKED TO SEE SOME OF THE THINGS WRITTEN IN A KIDS BOOK . I HAVE COMPLAINED TO MY CHILD 'S SCHOOL ABOUT THIS AND I PRAY THAT PARENTS WILL LOOK AT THIS BEFORE THEY LET THEIR CHILD READ IT ! CHILDREN DO NOT NEED TO READ IN DETAIL HOW JONAS ' FATHER KILLED A BABY . THIS IS NOT ENTERTAINING ! WE WORRY SO MUCH ABOUT VIOLENCE AND TRASH AND THEN WE GIVE THIS BOOK TO OUR KIDS TO READ FOR A GRADE ! IF YOU THINK THIS BOOK IS GOOD , I FEEL SORRY FOR YOU . MAYBE YOU SHOULD EXAMINE YOURSELF . HOW COULD THIS HAVE WON AN NEWBERY AWARD ! PLEASE , IF THERE ARE CHILDREN 'S AUTHORS READING THIS , P L E A S E! WRITE SOME HAPPY AND ENCOURAGING STORIES FOR OUR KIDS TO READ AND ENJOY !
 `` The Giver '' is as troubling as Jackson 's short story , `` The Lottery . '' I do not recommend this book for minors of any age
 Although I like suspense and thrills , this book left me with too many questions and really left me unsatisfied . They never really focused on one thing or went into description on what I thought were some very important issues . It is `` The Truman Show '' and `` Pleasantville '' combined .
 It was hard get into book because it was moving too slow and confusing . And question did Jonas die or not ? This book deserves only two stars to me.The only thing about the book I agree with it 's a very `` tripped out '' book .
 It was an easy read . It took me a couple hours and I 'm a slow reader . It does n't go in depth as much as it seems . If you want a better book that gives you the same feelings try `` Brave New World '' or `` 1984 ''
 Im 15 , and i tought that this book takes to much time to get to the punch line and what about that ending , come on , what happens does he die does he get to an other place is he hallucinating i dont know it was a very boring book and i do not recommend it to people my age they will find it boring trust me i read it .
 I had to read The Giver for my Magic andRitual class . The book was not without itscharm , but for me , living in that world wouldbe a personal hell . I would go insane!The fact that the persons in that bookhad no choices , independence and among manyother things they could n't even mature at their own rate . That book goes against every thingthat i believe in , except the fact that thekid had enuf guts to run away.As for the technical side of the book , itwas one of the most poorly written books thatI have ever read . The plot jumped around , you could n't follow it . Too muchresponsibility was left to the reader.All in all , i would not recomond this book toanyone .
 This is a book I really * wanted * to like . It 's generally well-written , it 's a widely-banned book , and deals with really incredible themes -LRB- is a society flawed if people are happy in it , the relationship of memory and emotion , & c. -RRB- . In fact , the beginning and middle of the book are incredible -- as is the very ending -- Lowry brilliantly shows us a utopia/dystopia -LRB- the readers have to decide which they think it really is -RRB- and its effects . However , getting from the brilliant middle to the brilliant last page is a chore -- after setting up a psychologically compelling picture of two people 's struggles with the world they live in , the book turns into what I can only describe as a low-key adventure novel . It 's almost as if Lowry decided that continuing to write with the attention given the first three-quarters of the book would make it too long for the format , so a few shortcuts -LRB- having certain characters act in decidedly odd ways , essentially eliminating all dialogue -RRB- had to be taken -- and it 's a real pity , because the book had the potential to be a 4 - or 5-star novel .
 I will have to give the book a three.I did n't like this book because it was to confusing.It would say something then something else . Some thing totaly different . It was to confusing .
 Book leaves you with no closure ... which would have been fine if the last chapter did n't feel like a complete hack . Simplistic style of writing , with little to no imagination used to create this `` utopia '' , but a compelling story that had me gripped up until the very last chapter ... I real let down .
 I thought that the book was kind of weird . It was mostly about a perfect town but the did not really live the way people where made to live . Basicly they do n't have feelings or know about anything from a normal town .
 The Giver is not good literature . Three characteristics of good literatureinclude how it relates to you , full of action , and a surprising ending.The book did not relate to me because the community followed rulesthat completely contradicted my life . The book was not full of action . Itseemed tedious and uneventful . The ending stopped abruptly and seemeda bit dull and confusing . Jonas said , `` We are almost there Gabe . '' Thiswas close to the end of the book and they still did not meet theirdestination point . As you can see The Giver is NOT good literature .
 The book didnt realy keep my atention . There were some good parts to it though , like the dream he had about fiona . This isnt realy my kind of book , I like adventure type books that have to do with the outdoors . Overall I give it a two .
 Censorship represents the amount of confidence a society feels . When a society feels threatened they will attack the ideas in books before the ideas attack the society . The Giver by Lois Lowry is number 14 on a list of 100 books that were reported by the American Library Association to be the most frequently challenged books from 1990-1999 . Some of the books this list should be banned , but some of them are not that bad . The giver stresses that a perfect world is one without books for enjoyment . This book also has some suggestive material that I felt was very scary . In conclusion , books are n't great for all readers .
 For us , the book `` the giver '' is written very well because the characters are well defined . But the story is boring from the beginning till the end ! We would never read it again !!
 I was intrigued by the description of this story , and when I started reading it , I got caught up in it fairly quickly . But then I started feeling like some of it was n't explained very well . A story like this , which is obviously far-fetched , should have everything explained ... but instead , much of it went without ever being clarified . For example , how can a community stop people from seeing color ? How could they control the climate without some sort of border ? How could they prevent other people from coming in ? None of it was given any thought or explanation and it drove me crazy!I also HATED the ending . I got close and even commented to my husband that it was getting really good . And then bam , it was over . I agree with another post that said it seemed like the author got bored with writing the story and just decided to end it.I thought the idea behind the story was excellent and it would have made a really interesting read , but it simply was n't developed enough . Disappointing .
 I read this book because a young adult friend of mine recently started a philosophical discussion using it as a springboard . I was immediately disappointed in the overly simplistic way in which the author puts together her ideas . However , it was a quick read and I was able to finish it easily within a couple of days . It was a stark contrast to the book by a Japanese author which I had just finished reading.Obviously , a person who writes this sort of book has an agenda to comment on her society - to warn about trends that she sees afoot , and to offer some ideas for potential solutions . That 's what visual artists would call the `` grand narrative . '' I also imagine that there is a `` lesser narrative '' as well - that is to say it may be something of an allegory for some aspect of her own relationship to the world.I can see why this book spoke to the heart of my friend . I compare it to a similar book -LRB- and series -RRB- I read when I was young - the `` White Mountains '' by John Christopher -LRB- pen name for Samuel Youd -RRB- . Certain very caring and smart young people who find that they do n't really fit in , here in the culture of the USA , latch on to these kind of stories as being those which might possibly provide guidance for them as they seek to navigate their social problems . I just wish that the authors of such books would have more of a sense of nuance of the problems and possible solutions for these young people before they set pen to paper - that is , if they really are trying to serve the needs of that type of kid.I can see how Lois Lowry ticked off all the boxes when she was designing the plot of `` the Giver '' - she was careful to cater to all the preconceptions -LRB- prejudices -RRB- within the sensibilities of the American reader population . She even included a Christ-like figure in the book . Because of this practice , I feel the book ends up as a hollow and empty shell of what it could have been . The author does not seek to challenge her readers and share new insights , but instead her book becomes a perfectly resounding part of the echo chamber of the way that left-leaning American thinkers see the framework of the problems of society around them.However , I suppose this is exactly why it is popular , and why it has become an award winning novel . People will only devote the time to reading things which confirm what they already feel about how the world works.Children 's novels need to use simple language , but there 's no need for simplistic ideas . I would have also appreciated a more realistic character arc for Jonas . It 's odd that his big decision to leave his community comes out of nowhere and becomes decided upon in his mind over the scope of three or four pages of the book .
 This book is for children , not for teens or adults . It starts promising but there is just no ending . It goes nowhere . And therefore it was not worth reading .
 Jonas never knew that there was more out there . In the book The Giver by Lois Lowry , the main character Jonas lives in a totally controlled society , it is so controlled they ca n't even see color . In this story , the government controls everything . I do not like this book because it is written in a very formal style . Besides that , I think others might like this book because it is an interesting idea for a story.This book is about a boy named Jonas whose life is totally changed when he turns thirteen . He gets a very special job . Because of his job , he gets emotional . He can see colors and he can know the pain of the past . This job is unique because only one person is chosen for it . After a couple of months working he realizes what a terrible world he lives in and decides to go elsewhere to change his life.This book is written in a formal way that middle school kids might not understand . All the characters talk in a really stiff way . For instance , when Asher speaks angrily to Jonas , he then says `` I apologize for not paying you the respect you deserve . '' The language is hard to read , and this makes the book it confusing . There are common terms , like `` released '' , that seem unfamiliar because they are used in a different way than I am used to . The type of dialogue the author uses makes the book hard to read.I would recommend this book for people who do not like action . This book is very slow . After I had read four two weeks , nothing had happened . I prefer book that are exiting like when you get into something right away . The story however had an interesting . Them that might interest some people.I seriously did not like this book . The dialog was confusing and it was incredibly slow . If there was a bit more action , I might have liked it . However just because I did not like this book , does not mean you will not .
 This book tells the story of a boy that gets a job . The most impotent job in the whole community . That job is the giver . The Giver is a story that you never want to read . The book has no description . It is a waste of time.This book is about a boy named Jonas . Jonas , his friends , and his family all live in a strange community . In the community you all have the same birthday . This community has no time for mistakes . The Giver is impotent he is the only one that can see color , have feelings , have memories , ect . This book has no life in it.I would not recommend this book . If I were you I would never look at the book . Some people might like this book but I did n't . I hated this book . It is the worst book to read no questions asked . The book is realy , truly , and positively is not a good read .
 I do believe that this was the worst book I have ever read in all my life . Normally , I love Lois Lowry , but this book was not one of her best . I had to do a report on the setting of this book , and while the characters were developed enough to understand the book , the setting was bleak . Sameness ... how can you develope 2 pages strictly on the settingof sameness . I would not recommend this book to anyone !
 The book `` The Giver '' written by Lois Lowry is an ordinary English book . The story she describes is a fantastic and perhaps realistic story . The world of Jonas can be compared to other Science-Fiction books like `` Brave New World '' . One of the negative points is the unsettled end .
 This boring novel is filled with sci-fi . Only few parts in the book are exciting . Even though strange , it has earned many awards . The author that wrote this book is very talented . It is filled with sadness . The best part in the book is when Jonas -LRB- main character -RRB- learns what the word released means . Released is when a person is killed that is not reacting good in the community that they live in . In his community there are no automobiles , alcohol , money and many other different things . Instead of driving cars they drive bicycles . There are also no jobs . Instead of money people get things free . Goods are supplied to all households . Over all I do n't reccomend this book .
 For all of you out there `` iffy '' on getting the giver-don ` t. It 's great for a once a month book report or something , but never for fun . Believe me . It bored me to death . I mean , who wants to read about killing babies , vomiting and living in a world with no color . Your probably thinking , `` Yah yah yah . It 's just one bad review '' . But it 's not . My brother and all my friends read it and we all hated it . So there . I 'm really sorry to all these people that have to listen to this crap and even more I 'd like to thank Barnes & Noble.com for publishing this review . Thank-you .
 This book freaked me out as a child , and gave me nightmares . I love to read , and this is one of the few books that I hate , even to this day . I 'm sure if I read it again , I would get more out of it , but I ca n't bring myself to do it !
 The GiverLeandra BrownThis text was not a good example of good literature . This story does n't demonstarte good and interesting details , a suprising ending , or relates to me and my personal life . Here 's a quote that supports my answer , '' Behind him , acrosss vast distances of space and time , from place he had left , he thought he heard music , too . But perhaps it was only an echo . '' This part of the ending was not good nor suprising . Also , I was unable to relate to the story . I could not picture myself as one of the characters . The details that the author left in the novel were unclear and vage . You had to guess for yourself what had happened . The author left bits and pieces of information , not answering the questions that came into your mind . For example , the author talked about Rosemarry and how she failed as the Reciver as Memories , but failed to clearify how she was the daughter of the Giver . It was very confussing and hard to understand . So in conclusion , this novel was not good literature .
 We thought The Giver was a poorly written book . Out of five stars we give it one star.This book is about a boy named Jonas who lived in a perfect community where it 's colorless and it has climate control . In the community when you turn 12 you get assigned a job . Jonas got assigned the job of receiver of memory . The receiver of memory holds all of the community 's memories.Jonas goes on an adventure with a baby in his family unit -LRB- the baby 's name is Gabriel -RRB- . We thought The Giver was a bad book because it had a lot of complicated things that the author could have explained better . We did n't like the plot . It built up too slowly and ended too quickly.The book had too much stuff that did n't sound realistic . For example , they had to share dreams at breakfeast.We felt you did n't get a lot of feeling for the characters.In conclusion we thought it was a poorly written book .
 Her style of writing sounds childish and unformed , like a child whining when it feels bad . I thought this book would be similar in thought to 1984 , or The Stranger , or maybe some of Herman Hesse 's work , but it is not . This book is shameful mockery of literature .
 The begining was cool and creative , but once Jonas becomes the reciever the book is too slow repetive . And oh yeah , the ending was horrible . Also it is to easy to guess what `` release '' is .
 Reading this book , I learned many things :1 -RRB- That blue-eyed people are spiritually superior to dark-eyed people . -LRB- Racism -RRB- 2 -RRB- That sharing feelings and dreams is bad , and keeping your feelings bottled up inside is good .3 -RRB- That the idea of community and interdependence is bad , but rugged individualism is good .4 -RRB- That Old-Folks ' Homes and daycare centers are bad , because they really are `` death-panels '' in disguise .5 -RRB- Providing three square meals a day is bad , but starvation is good because it helps people develop `` feelings '' .6 -RRB- Bicycles are bad , but sledding downhill is good.Now what does all that sound like ? Why , it sounds like typical right-wing fascist propaganda.Congradulations , Ms. Lowry , for being able to disguise your propaganda as `` serious literature '' , and for being able to foist it onto kids with very little serious objection from parents.Needless to say , this book is not for kids , and never should have been placed in the kid category . Instead of making kids think , this book tells them what to think . If the author wanted to write true literature , she would have had the main character die at the end of the book . Only then would I even remotely recommend it to kids .
 Book had so many highlighted paragraphs and notes in the margins that it was completely unreadable . I would n't have minded a few marks but this copy was n't good for anything but the trash .
 The ONLY reason I went ahead and read , THE GIVER , by Lois Lowry is because it was chosen for one of the book clubs I attend . Like many reviewers I 've read Orwellian books ; and more importantly , books which included a wide range of ideology of social , political , and religious philosophy written by famed scholars -LSB- Socrates , Aristotle , Plato , John Locke , Nietzche , Karl Marx etc. , -RSB- . For this reason , it escapes me why anyone with a minimal education that included a few courses in classic philosophy/literature would bother with this book.From the first pages , I became IMMEDIATELY impatient with the book 's premise and storyline . I found it irritating , impertinent , and ultimately irrelevant . Worse , despite claims to the book 's creative ` originality ' I found this to be an overstatement.Why was I frustrated , annoyed , and unnerved by Lowry 's , THE GIVER ??? Probably because the notion of a perfect society - by it 's very definition is flawed , and thus futile.Conversely , I absolutely do give credit to Lowry for her efforts -LSB- and courage -RSB- to tackle an ` absolute ' theory such as perfection and/or utopianism into a story which attempts to expounds ` ideal ' concepts such as societal equality , justice , and absence of suffering . This is a high goal for any writer . Yet , for me this seemed rather presumptive - and a somewhat naive and unnerving premise . For example , from the onset , the dialogue which Jonas has with his family group when they gather at the table to express their ` feelings ' about events of their day , I knew immediately the futility of the task facing Jonas when he expressed his fears about becoming a ` twelve ' - not yet aware that he would assume the role as ` The Giver ' . Consequently , for me , it was a ` no-brainer ' that Lowry 's ending fell off the cliff . How could she possibly postulate -LSB- literally or figuratively -RSB- a credible scenario wherein Jonas ' society could thrived harmoniously and in unison within ` utopian perfection ' . -LSB- Oxymoron . -RSB- Finally , ideologically , I simply did not like the book primarily because implicit in the concept -LSB- definition -RSB- of utopianism is the ideal of a ` perfect ' society or world order . To this end , Lowry 's fails clumsily in her attempt to construct a storyline which ULTIMATELY brings forth a social-cultural utopia where all the various factors come together in ` perfect ' unity and harmony to contrast with a society absent of order and in chaos.Post Script 8/19/12
 This is a creepy , dystopian novel about a society that appears to be perfect but really is n't . How many of these have been written ? I got a weird feeling when they talked about the pilot being released for an error - Wow . I could almost see the creepy smiles . MWAAAHAAHAA ... I had to read this for English , and I have hated my teacher since for making me read this . This book just bored me to death , reading it was like pulling eyeteeth . Especially with all the memories . After a point , I did n't even care !! -LRB- I wonder , did I ever care ? Probably not . -RRB- Their perfection also bored me . How monotonous . This was also really creepy , because they were going to kill an innocent baby just because he could n't sleep !! The sled was also confusing ... What the heck is so important about a sled ? In short , a creepy book about a futuristic society that bored me to death . Please do not read for the sake of your sanity .
 I was very upset , as I did want to read this book . I received a cover page and then all of the rest of the pages were blank . I returned it and bought it again , and the same thing . Very disappointing .
 When I saw the reviews and the number of reviewers , I bought the book . As I believe that science fiction is about things that COULD happen sometime . The Giver does n't fit into that concept . Happily Amazon returned the purchase price , ***** for Amazon .
 The whole book was great . It seemed to me that there would be a part two but the ending made no sense . Even the author herself said that you can interpret the ending in two ways . But both meanings to the ending sucked!Pretty much the author ruined a good thing in the end . Dumb broad
 This book needs serious help . Lois Lowry started out with a good idea but turned it into an oversentimental , childlike sci-fi wannabe . Plus , it has a similar plot to another one of her books , Gathering Blue . An author ca n't make money off of two books that have an almost exact plot , except with different character names . I was told that Gathering Blue is a COMPANION , but note that it was never said it was a prequel , sequel , or even book in the series . Take a breath of fresh air and read something else .
 This book is simplistic and sounds like it was written by some child . The ideas present within this novel are unformed and not clearly thought out . This book tries to be another 1984 written in the style of Albert Camus ' The Stranger , but winds up sounding like the Unabomber 's Manifesto written in the style of Dr. Seuss .
 The Giver was one of the most dark , sick , demented & depressing books I 've ever read!It 's amazing to me that the publishers would think this type of book would be suitable for `` young readers . '' It was unnerving to read about the euthanasia of infants in the story and also the suicide of a little girl was just plain sick!I was very upset that this was required reading for my twelve-year-old son . I wish authors and publishers will come to realize that you do n't have to have darkness and death in a book to provoke thought and emotion . Books with a light subject matter can be just as entertaining ! Overall if this book was written for an adult audience I would n't have a problem with it . However being that it was targeted towards youths , it was totally inappropriate !
 The author aborts a slow paced delicately written story with a nonsense ending . At the end of the story , Jonas climbs the hill sees the warmth and love in a colorful world of Christmas , family , fireplace.I did not recall if , there was a big cross or star of jesus on the tree , an old rocking chair with grandma sitting in it . May be we could add a voice - over invoking a Hallmark cards , as the camera pans up and back showing the two dead children on a snowcapped mountain with the sky backdrop of two lone but beautiful shining stars . . A vision of death with love of Christmas and Jesus.I was offended . . I felt ripped off by not being given a thoughtful ending , and felt the author wrote an ending that was as cruel as the murderous cult characters she painted.The reader is entitled to a finish with thought and morality ; not this quasi-symbolic Christian hammer of death.The Beatles knew `` Love love , love , all you need is love , all you ever need is love '' is great for songs that inspire action not just belief . Action not just suffering.Perhaps the author ran out of paper , or the limit of her ideas , or had just come from being reborn . .
 I was expecting a novel but this version of the book is broken up and asks a lot of questions to the reader like I 'm in school . Which is fine , if I 'm in school . If ur looking for the novel version look else where .
 The Giver was one of the most dark , sick , demented & depressing books I 've ever read!It 's amazing to me that the publishers would think this type of book would be suitable for `` young readers . '' It was unnerving to read about the euthanasia of infants in the story and also the suicide of a little girl was just plain sick!I was very upset that this was required reading for my twelve-year-old son . I wish authors and publishers will come to realize that you do n't have to have darkness and death in a book to provoke thought and emotion . Books with a light subject matter can be just as entertaining ! Overall if this book was written for an adult audience I would n't have a problem with it . However being that it was targeted towards youths , it was totally inappropriate !
 In the book The Giver '' the author Lois Lowry describes life in a community which is completely different from our society . The 12-year-old main character Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of Memory whose task it is to contain all the memories of the past . All other members of the community live without memories . The community controls and watchs over what everybody does in the community . People do not feel any pain or other things and the people in the community can not see colours or choose on their own . The Giver transmits the memories to Jonas and will be released when he has finished . At the end of the book Jonas and Gabe leave the community , because he can not bear his life in the community.Jonas and his family live in a dwelling . Jonas is a typical child of the community who plays with friends , attends school and does volunteer work . Jonas can not speak to anyone only with the Giver who gives him the memories . Jonas feels lonely , because he can not understand his friends and the people . Jonas has his own opinion on everything and he sees the community from another view . He has many qualities for example intelligence , integrity and courage.The book has an open ending so that the reader can imagine his / her own ending . With the book `` The Giver '' Lois Lowry wants to say that people need freedom and memories and not control . People independent on the community , and this is not right . They must be independent and they must have feelings to go their own ways.I do not like this book , because it is too unrealistic for me . The book does not have any tension and it is difficult to read . The book is not interesting . And the open ending is stupid , because it does not say anything . The book is so boring that I would not read it if I did not have to read it .
 Okay , my teacher assigned the whole class to read this book , The Giver , and the kids who were able to actually read the whole book , did n't like it . Maybe we are a class who just does n't like science fiction books , or maybe the book was n't that good . But a lot of people did enjoy the book , so it is n't the latter.The book was just too weird . Creative ? Yes . Well - written ? Yes . Boring ? Heck yea ' ! Jona 's world is a world without color , a lot of technolodgy is missing , feeling , and just about everything good and bad of life is gone . Everyone is assigned a job . There are the birthing people , the doctors , etc. . But Jona 's job is the job of the highly respected Giver . The older Giver gives the kid feeling , and what it is like in the real world.Plus , the ending was so confusing . NO one understood it . There were too many questions not answered in the book.However , many people obviously loved the book , and some just did n't . If this sounds like your kind of book , buy the Giver . And if this review sounds like something you would write , then do n't buy the book .
 When I read this book for the Children 's Lit class that I teach , I was horrified . Not only is the story ineptly constructed , but it also portrays the blatant manipulation of the child protagonist by the very person who 's supposed to train him for his designated job . I had had high hopes for this book when I started reading it , but clearly Lois Lowry needs some instruction in how to create a functional alternate worldview . Her utopian world makes little sense because she fails to explore it in enough depth . I think if the book had been another 100 pages or so , it might have been worth the reading , but as it is , I 'm horrified by both the popularity of the novel and by the uncritical manner in which it is approached by teachers and students alike .
 This book to me was frusterating . i did n`t like how the people were called males and females . I thought that the book had a GREAT concept and plot but something about the book was just frusterating . I recommend this book just for the experience of reading it , but I warn you that it is very different . l guess that l just had higher expectations than it could fulfill .
 This book tells the story of a boy that gets a job . The most impotent job in the whole community . That job is the giver . The Giver is a story that you never want to read . The book has no description . It is a waste of time.This book is about a boy named Jonas . Jonas , his friends , and his family all live in a strange community . In the community you all have the same birthday . This community has no time for mistakes . The Giver is impotent he is the only one that can see color , have feelings , have memories , ect . This book has no life in it.I would not recommend this book . If I were you I would never look at the book . Some people might like this book but I did n't . I hated this book . It is the worst book to read no questions asked . The book is realy , truly , and positively is not a good read.This book should have caution tape that says , `` Do Not Read ! '' This book is realy bad . I read it in school . I did n't do my homework because I had to read that book . When you are done reading this book review do n't even think about reading this book .
 The Giver is a really bad book to read because when I was reading it I did not understand what the book was trying to tell me . If you 're a student , I suggest not to read this book . There are many other great books you could choose that would be much more interesting . I just felt this particular book did n't keep my interest and you should n't waste your time with .
 The Giver is a really bad book to read because when I was reading it I did not understand what the book was trying to tell me . If you 're a student , I suggest not to read this book . There are many other great books you could choose that would be much more interesting . I just felt this particular book did n't keep my interest and you should n't waste your time with .
 After reading this book , I felt very disturbed about the topic . It has no clear ending , and is just badly written . Do n't read it .
 I didnt like The Giver . It was a boring book and I thought itwould be better.I didnt like the theme of the story . It was confusingand it was boring . I thought it would have been better . Well this is my opinion on The Giver book ... . Have Fun Reading ~ ~ !
 I do not think the book `` The Giver '' was a good book . I do not like how the community was controlled . The book takes place in the future but there technology is not any more advanced than today.It was odd how they released the elderly and the newborns.It was heartless how they released people.I thought it was wrong . It was a somewhat interesting book but I DO NOT recommend it .
 I do not think the book `` The Giver '' was a good book . I do not like how the community was controlled . The book takes place in the future but there technology is not any more advanced than today.It was odd how they released the elderly and the newborns.It was heartless how they released people.I thought it was wrong . It was a somewhat interesting book but I DO NOT recommend it .
 i thought that the book was very confusing . the community that it was placed in was extremely odd . I could not concentrate on the story because it was so strange .
 This book was pretty boring to read . I think it dragged on too long about how he felt in the book . It was pretty much about his life in a community where they have any color . It started out boring but the ending was ok ... Otherwise I hated reading this book .
 The Giver to me was not a good book . You could not leave in the comunity , and the life style was boring . This book was not my favorite . A little advice - do n't read this book . I think the book Green Eggs and Ham was a better book than this book . This book would have been alot better if it had more action . The comunity had alot of dumb rules in it .
 I read this book in my 8th grade English class and I was thoroughly disgusted . I had recently read 1984 the summer before and found the elements of Lowry 's community more than curiously similar to Orwell 's . It seems to me as if Lowry watered down Oceania into a book suitable for children , forfeiting the intensity and powerful writing in the process . If you 're going to teach children about what it is to live devoid of joy or pain , use a good book for once . I did like `` Number the Stars '' by Lowry and was dissappointed that she would stoop to this level of imitation .
 Well I read this book when I was in 5th grade , exited that it would be a good book from reforences my mom had.I absolutly hate it !!! it is confusing , sad , and for me was an unnessisary read . I loved the authers writing stile and I liked number the stars I just do n't think it a good book and would HATE to have to read it again ! I would not recomend it for any one under 7th grade thinking about it that would have been abetter time for me to have read something as nerv-rakking as that , when I was reading the book my Mom picked it up to read a few pages and stumbled upon the very sad part where they kill imperfect babys
 the book isnt for kids under 16 ... it have many sexualle things.i read it twise and i. ... and i. ... i was shocked.so beware kids !!!!! peace ... tupac lives
 this book was a waste of my timethis story takes place in the future and in a society wherebabys are killed if they are not smart and if they remember things . In this story people do not see in color , only in black and white were certain clothes by gender . This sends wrong messages to kids this story does n't make any sense at all only non-sense . I hated this book.i read it in the seventh grade and i still do n't like it even though i understand it now .
 My step daughter had to read this book for school . How sad that we give medals to books that have no message other than that of a liberal perfect world . I found this book very depressing and not edifiying in any way . My wife and I read the book and ca n't believe that there isnt ' t a more positive book that the schools can promote . How sad .
 1994 Newberry medal for `` best children 's book . '' A tale about a hypothetical controlled community . The Government determines how many children per family . In the House of Old , leaders decide when a person is to be released -LRB- put to death -RRB- . At the Ceremony of Release there is a toast , and a good-bye speech is given by the person released . In the birth of twins only one can survive . The smaller twin is `` released '' with a lethal injection . On one occasion , a 12-year-old objects to the practice , but he is mollified by a Giver who points out that her daughter asked to be released 10 years earlier and was given a syringe to inject herself.In one California school system several parents complained about the use of this book and in elementary school . They were told that `` public education may not be the best choice . . `` This book so poignantly illustrates the liberal socialist agenda to ingrain even into our youngest the propaganda that some life is better off without living . It is disgusting and I am appalled that our children are forced to read this garbage , and that our society praises such garbage .
 BrendanNew HampshireThe Giver is about a so-called community of people that are all nearly equal . They ca n't see colors , or even hear music -LRB- lame -RRB- . They 're assigned jobs and there are a set amount of babies born each year . The only names the babies can get are the ones of the recently realeased -LRB- killed -RRB- old people . It 's basically the suckiest place you could be in , only the people do n't realize it because they 're nearly rertarded.This is supposed to be a story about how we need to keep things like love , family , and equality intact . I 'm all for it , but i do n't need 180 pages of crap to teach me a useless lesson . The author , Lois Lowry , must be the stupidest person in the world . With a line like '' ` Gay ! ' He shouted . ` Gay ! ' '' She does n't come accross as very intelligent . Maybe it would be ok if it was funny , but it 's just moronic . I 'd rather read a book of fart jokes than this crap.When I heard that this book was part of a trilogy , I nearly commit suicide . That means that at least a couple hundred people have gone through 3 times the pain that I have . I 'm willing to bet that Lois Lowry feels special for winning the Newberry Medal for this crap . As if that medal were an accomplishment . After seeing that medal on this book , I 'd be ashamed to have it on a piece of my writing.There are so many homosexual references in this book . First of all , the Giver constantly makes Jonas , the main character , take off his shirt . Second of all , the baby Gabriel makes his appearnace by shouting `` Gay ! '' Thirdly , everyone has to take a pill to stop them from thinking about the opposite sex . Wow . I wonder what this says about Lois Lowry.The ending was stupid . Stupider than anything you 've ever seen on VH1 . And everyone knows VH1 is awful . Awful like this book . I recommend that if you see this book in a library , you burn the place down . I think the local police might even be grateful to you for it . Nobody likes libraries anyway . If you hate this book as much as I do , round up as many copies as you can , and come see me . We 'll have a bonfire .
 I am not a prude or a conservative in my outlook on life . By most standards I would be considered fairly radical . That being said , I absolutely can not understand how this book has won the prizes it has as a `` Book for Children . '' While it is well written and thought provoking , and I consider 95 % of it as suitable for kids , the ending may confuse and upset those of more tender years , and the graphic description of a release absolutely will shock and deeply disturb those of a more sensitive mien . I have still not recovered from reading the latter , and I honestly wish I had never read it . It will stay with me for a long time , upsetting me in the process , and I would never want that to be the case with any of my children . Please , parents , do not think this book is a great read for your kids just because a number of `` experts '' have chosen to award it the prizes and accolades it has received . It is , as I have titled this review , GHASTLY , and very disturbing . In closing , I looked at the author 's smiling picture at the back of the book and found myself thinking , `` What kind of person is this woman to be capable of writing such a descriptive passage of a release ? How could she ever want a child to read such a thing ? Is she capable of writing other books that hit in such a darkly disturbing way ? '' I will never be able to answer that last question because I will never read another book from this woman , whom I believe may have some pretty serious mental health issues , especially as it applies to her true feelings about children .
 This book was not very exciting . I think that it could have a lot more suspensful And it needs a little suprise.And that they should not kill peop -LSB- le in this story to me it was very boring .
 I read this book for a school prodject and i hated it it was okay at parts but most of the time it was long boring and draged on about things that had nothing to do with the plot at all . this book is very slow I would not recomend it
 A confusing book . It was okay besides that . She might not have made the community as spoiled as it was . Every time they gopt hurt or something they were healed instantly by a pill . It was pretty bad .
 The Giver started out pretty good but as I read it it really started to stink . Children of 12 and under should not read it because of lack of understanding . As the end comes it realy gets annoying .
 There are too many loose ends in this book to make is a satisfying read for an adult . Personally , I found it vapid and would n't give it to a child because it lacks the kind of depth one would want to develop in a tween . Although I 've read many good reviews of this book , I 'm afraid it seems like a re-run of so many other stories
 What a crummy book the Giver is ! A novel should tell a believable story , but nothing in the Giver makes a bit of sense . There is no logic . Did n't Lowry give any thought to the world she was creating when she wrote about it ? This book reads like it was written in a couple quick , careless weeks , and then published without any review.The Giver describes the world of Jonas , a 12 year old boy who lives in a Utopian village . It is a perfectly controlled environment . There is no violence , no hunger , no poverty , and everyone has a job and a meaningful place in the community . But in order to construct this ideal world , the citizens of Utopia have to abide by a strict set of rules . They have to sacrifice a lot of free will to the decisions of the Council . For example , the Council decides who you will marry and what your career shall be . Lowry clearly intends to write a Book With A Message , but her delivery is so bad that it is hard to figure out just what The Message exactly is ! I think the intended Message is this
 I really wanted to like this one too ... I enjoy the dystopia type society and what could be world . I was into this about the first 50 pages or so and then the rest of the book just left me feeling bleh . It 's been done before and better with A Brave New World , 1984 , and Fahrenheit 451 . -LRB- with the first two , so I 've been told , but with Fahrenheit definitely . -RRB- I got the feeling throughout the last half of the book that she was telling me what was good and what was bad and how I should feel . Like with The Adoration of Jenna Fox I want these types of books to lay out the questions and themes without answering them for me.I can see why people enjoy this book ; it 's horrific and kind of thrusts the creepiness and icky factor upon you with a sense of relief that you 're sure glad your life is n't like this ... but it just answered for me instead letting me answer for myself . I guess it 's an OK read if you do n't try to take too many things from it , but I know Lowry was trying to teach here and thus my displeasure .
 The Giver may have won the Newberry Book Award , but there are acouple of places in the book that did n't make sense , such as the ending . What happened , he startes rolling down the hill then goes into a house with x-mas lights , did he die or something ? What exactly happened to him?We as a class hade to read this book and are tolled to write a review at Amazon , because thats were we got the books . Many of my calss mates did n't understand the ending .
 I thought that this book was OK . In parts of the book you would just think , `` When is this going to end ? '' But then towards the end of the book it got a little better and more interesting . In this book Jonas doesnt know of any fear , pain , or war . I think I couldnt get into the book because I couldnt realate to anything . Nothing in his world was like ours .
 In the story The Giver , a boy , named Jonas , lives in a community that the people think is a utopia , but he learns it is the exact opposite . The community is interesting because everything is chosen and done for you . For example , your job is picked for you by a group of elders , and your bike is given to you at the age of nine . At first , Jonas likes his community very much because everything that is needed is provided , and he has nothing to worry about . Then , he is selected to be the receiver of memory , the person who keeps all the memories from different generations . He goes to the Giver who trains him and soon finds that his world is not so great after all . The conflict in this `` utopian '' world is that Jonas wants everything his community does not have . He learns that there are things called love , color , and music . He decides he wants to run away and , in the process , breaks most of the community 's rules . If Jonas is caught , he will be severely punished . After successfully running away , Jonas is miles down the road from where he began his journey and is struggling to keep moving . Jonas sees a colorful house with people inside who seem to love each other , and he hears what he thinks is music . Lowry leaves you there to make up your own ending . The Giver is very well written , for example , the language that is used is not too advanced but at just the right level for a sixth or seventh grader . However , the book gets into a slump in the very beginning and becomes very boring because there is nothing happening in Jonas ' life . Even his escape is not very suspenseful because whenever he is about to be caught , he uses a very dull strategy to get out of the situation . If you 're looking for a book with a lot of action and suspense , keep on looking . I would give this book two out of five stars .
 Lios Lowry 's The Giver is a good book ay first , but thern as it reaches the end it loses the its touch . The book just stops you as it was getting to get better . As if you were talking to some one on the phone you are disconnected right when something important was about to be told . But it does have the effect of you gluing your eyes to the page . when your eager to find what happens next . But from all the work Ms. Lowry did on the book , I feel she could have done a little better .7.2 DB
 Perhaps because it 's so lauded I expected more . It 's just a 1984 , Brave New World , Farenheit 451 , Animal Farm or Clockwork Orange for kids -- I guess . It just made me want to read those books instead.There were many unanswered questions at the end of the book . I would have liked to have known why the community was the way it was and how it got there . How did people only see in black and white ? How did they get rid of the sun ? How did they grow crops if there was no sun ? Why are the birth mothers considered so stupid and low , yet they 're giving birth to the entire community -- therefore giving birth to stupid kids ? How come Jonas is n't stupid?Where is he at the end ? It was n't clear . Or I 'm just too dumb to read into things . I would have liked more of a `` fleshing out '' of the community instead of the bare bones we are given . I 'll buy anything -- just sell it to me .
 It was o.k. until the very ending . It was very confusing and hard to understand . I personally did n't care for it .
 Terribly slow and old fashioned . I really did not like it and struggled to get through it . The story is original and different to most things I read , it just was outdated . Sorry.Ages 18-99
 The Giver did not spark my attention . It was very boring and I found myself thinking of other thignss while reading this book . What I did n't like about The Giver specifically was the ending . I found it very difficult to read because you do n't know what is happening to Jonas . The ending just plain did n't make sense to me as the reader .
 The Giver by Lois Lowry is an okay book , but may leave you hungry for more . It is a thinking book , making you ask questions to yourself most of the time.The book is good in the beginning but it has a terrible ending . This one is okay for a checkout from the library , but do n't set your expectations to high . It could have been great but the ending brought it down .
 Can you imagine living in a world where there are no memories or feelings ? This book written by Lois Lowry , was alright until the ending . It was pretty cool how you found out that these people are color blind but it was totally unrealistic . There were many surprises that I did n't expect to happen but it was kind of odd that the community did n't even know what pain or love was . I personaly hated the end of the book because they left many things unanswered like what happened to the Giver , what happened to the community , and what happened to Jonas and Gabriel.I would recommend this book to someone who likes wierd books but not to someone who likes good books like me .
 This was one of the first books I got that I really disliked . My mom got it for me when I was about 11 or 12 and I got all the way to the `` baby part '' -LRB- which I 'm sure you all have heard about ... uck ! -RRB- I had to put it down because I was crying to hard . I decided to finish it because I really liked the main character and still wanted to know the ending but to this day I still do n't know how it ended because that one chapter was haunting me and I could get it out of my head . Anytime me and my friends talk about books in general I always say how I could n't stand this one .
 The GiverBY Tori HallI thought the book The Giver was ok . The beginning of the book started out good but as the book went on I found that it got strange . The book took on a very science fiction sense as it got into the book . The book changed from being a book about a different community to being a book that kept talking about people killing other people with shots . I found it changed around too much through out the book to really enjoy it . And last of all the ending left me confused . I did not know if the main character Jonas had died or if he found A different place or what . I think another factor that made me not really enjoy the book is the fact that we had to read it for school . When you are forced to read something you do not enjoy it as much as if you choose to read it .
 Written at a 6th grade reading level , The Giver has very little literary or stylistic value . It is filled with cliched rhetoric such as `` intelligence '' `` integrity '' , `` courage '' , and `` wisdom '' -- words fit for a middle school graduation . Lowry creates a futuristic world that seems too much like a follow up of Orwell 's * 1984 * , and is really a very bland version of * Brave New World * . The themes and ideas can hardly be called original . Though for a children 's book , it is quite valuable in its effective warning against modern society 's trend toward regimentation and sterilization . As for anyone over 12 years of age , read Brave New World if you want intellectual stimulation .
 This book was not that very interesting since I really do n't like reading.I thought this book could make me fall asleep even with loud sounds by me.It could have been since I hate reading long books like this one.But I still read it so I kind of liked some parts of it.I really did n't understand it that 's why . Books bore me so do n't take it personaly alright.I liked the idea of them trying to save Gabriel.The whole memories thing was dumb in away .
 This book , no matter how well it is written , is a book that really has no ending or solution to the problems that the author puts forward . I found it to be extremely disturbing and could not wait for the happy ending to come , but it did n't . Some will like it because of its origianl theme but I for one did not enjoy it very much at all . People who read it should know that its ending is depressing -LRB- to me it was -RRB- and ultimately pointless .
 This book starts off well with a great story line . Jonas lives in a society where everything is controlled by rules . The rules were decided long ago to eliminate any individuality , any fear , any worry or anxiety . But , as he learns when he is made the Receiver of Memories , a lot has also been lost . There is no color , no music , no love and no pain . However , what starts off as a great story with great potential quickly looses its thrust . It 's almost as though the author did n't know how to end the story and grabbed the first thing that came to mind . The ending leaves the reader with many questions . That in and of it self is not bad as long as they are thought provoking questions . But these are not . Rather , the reader is left asking where the rest of the story is . This book leaves the reader flat . There is no closure . Perhaps that is what the author wanted but , if it is , then she chose to give up the story for the sake of a momentary effect on the reader .
 ok i can understand why this book got a newberry metal , it had a good plot and it is worth reading but i found that i did n't really like the characters and i thought that it was alittle too improbable even for a sci-fi book . as i said before you should get this book and it is worth reading at least to give you a new idea of what life might be like in the future .
 This is not a really exciting . And it was boring becuse it was way to long and it was weird in parts . Becuse it was not what you think is going to be and it isent what you think it will be what you want to happen . Well have fun reading !!!!!!!!!!!!
 this book has a great story line , but a terrible ending . I really wish the auther would hve either taken off the last paragraph or so , or added a few more chapters . also i found that the way that people were released was a bit disturbing , but the way that jonas 's dad releasesd the newborn child was the most disturbing of all , especially how he lied about it . Good book , just skip the ending .
 I 'm a little disappointed with the author . I feel like she came up with an incredible story , but just did n't take it where it needed to be taken . This story had the potential to be an amazing story about the triumphs and tragedies of human existence . It could have taken you to the graphic and horrible lows , and then right back up . But it fell flat . I understand that the book was for young adults , but I feel the memories were hurriedly described and could have been so much more poignant.One of the most poignant moments in the book is when Jonas sees his friends playing `` war '' immediately after experiencing a memory of real war and he is shocked and appalled . But even this scene does n't make sense ! They live in a community where you 're not even allowed to say unkind things to people , and yet they let the children run around and pretend to shoot each other?To make matters worse , the ending made very little sense . There 's a fine line between leaving it up to the reader 's imagination and just not giving enough explanation , and I felt that the ending in The Giver fell on the wrong side of that line . It also seemed to have very little to do with the actual plot and moral of the story.I just feel like the author squandered the amazing gift that this story could have been . I wish she would rewrite it for adults and put a little more effort into it .
 What might have been a decent book , was all killed in the end . I am not sure how anyone gave this book 5 stars . It does not seem like a completed book at all , the ending completely left you hanging . I thought at first that it was the first set in a trilogy , only to find out that the subsequent books are not actual follow-up books but rather books with seperate characters , plots and societies . How disappointing ! Its like the author got bored with writing the book and decided to just end it . Save yourself some time and skip this book .
 As much as I wanted to love this book , I cannot.I adore sci-fi and dystopic novels , but this books writing was just awful . Lowry leaves an absurd amount of questions unanswered and it 's seriously like she just gave up on the ending . It 's almost as if she decided it would be better left like that , so all the school kids who have to read this worthless book are forced to write an ending as part of their grade for `` The Giver '' 's unit.I do n't believe in censorship -LRB- it basically says to teenagers `` I 'm banned ! Therefore , I MUST be good if your teachers do n't want you to read me . '' -RRB- , but I definitely do n't believe this book belongs up there with all of the other great classics that kids are required to read , like `` To Kill a Mockingbird '' . If you are interested in bringing young adults into this genre , I suggest `` The Hunger Games '' by Suzanne Collins.Such an amazing idea falls flat on its face .1 out of 5 stars .
 The Giver is not good literature . The book is not good literature because it does not share an important message , the characters are not believable , and it is not full of feelings . The book does not have an important message . In the book it explains how everything is the same . In our town this will never happen . The characters in this book are not believable . They are not believable because they have pills that make them not have feelings for anyone . Also , they ca n't have their own kids . They have things called family units . One last reason of why they are n't believable is because they have a speaker that tells them everything to do . On page 23 it says , `` Attention . This is a reminder for male elevens that objects are not to be removed from the recreation area and that snacks are to be eaten , not hoarded , '' This is the speaker telling Jonas what to do . Lastly , the book is not full of feelings . A boy dies in the river and no one is even sad . Also , when people are released they are just killed . No one in the community is scared to do it or sad that it is happening . This is why I think that `` The Giver '' is not good literature .
 When my 7th grader was reading the Giver and said the book was very strange , I picked it up myself to read . It is a strangebook that is very sad , dark and about a society of people that does not experience life as it really is , but experiences life in a controlled way . There is no pain , love or self expression . The old are sent to the house of old to live until death , never to embrace grandchildren . The weakest in the community are `` released '' which means they are murdered . The scene in the book where the youngest twin -LRB- twins are n't allowed -RRB- is injected with a lethal injection , goes thru spasms , then goes limp and dies is ultra sad for anyone to read , let alone a young reader . The law does n't apply to this community . What exactly is the books value to our children and what lessons are they learning ?
 I think Lois Lowry wrote a very fantastic book . It left me thinking for hours about what happened to Jonas and Gabriel . This is one of favorite books ever . You should buy this book .
 I thought this book sucked . We had to read it for school and I practically fell asleep through the whole book thats how boring it was . It was so dull no color or excitement to it .
 Out of the two books that Mrs. Lowry wrote , that I read , I like The Giver the best . I thought Number The Stars was kind of boring . I liked how Jonas was my age , in The Giver , so I could relate to him a bit . And , even though Gabe was n't Jonas ' brother , I could relate to that , too . So , I could really get into the book , because of that.I did n't like the ending of The Giver , though . I do n't think many people liked the ending either . So , I have a request , could you make another book , of the same topic , but with a better ending ? I also did n't like the whole release thing . Especially with the twins , how they would kill the one who weighed the least.Overrall I would say this was a great book , and just forget about my rating I put ! I really got in to it , even though it was an assignment for my English class , well , now that I think about it , so is this letter !
 The shipping was amazingly fast . However the book was listed as regular paperback and it was a mass market paperback . Also the pages are all so yellowed it 's hard to read . Not what I would have called `` good condition . ''
 Laborious . As writers voices go , this one is droning the minutes of the Petty Bureaucrats ' Town Planning Meeting . There are plenty of other dystopias to read , executed rather better . Pace , characterization , vivid description , originality are all notably absent from this book .
 I thought The Giver was good literature because full of feelings , also , it had lots of description , and last it had a surprise ending . First , this book was full of feelings because all of the memories had a different feeling to them . Next , this book had lot of description because when Jonas broke his leg they went into ALOT of description . Last , this book had a surprise ending . They could have given us a little more detail about what happened to Jonas and Gabe . The last thing they said in the book was `` Behind him , across vast distances of space and time , from the place he had left , he thought he heard music . '' This is why The Giver was good literature .
 I thought The Giver was good literature because full of feelings , also , it had lots of description , and last it had a surprise ending . First , this book was full of feelings because all of the memories had a different feeling to them . Next , this book had lot of description because when Jonas broke his leg they went into ALOT of description . Last , this book had a surprise ending . They could have given us a little more detail about what happened to Jonas and Gabe . This is why The Giver was good literature .
 I 've been required to read this book for my reading class . We took quizzes onit and discussed the book . I really did n't enjoy reading what I read because it ` sabout the future with a perfect society . Why would someone want to live in thatkind of place ? No competition , and you 're assigned your future job , your child -LRB- s -RRB- , and your spouse . How Pathetic . What 's the point in life if everything has to beperfect . No wars ? No memories ? I 'm glad to have my memories and I do n't want toforget them . The only reason why I 'm giving this book 2 stars instead of 1 isbecause Lois did a good job on descibing the characters and what 's going on . Ijust do n't like the storyline . Now , her other book ` Number the Stars ' was fantasticand I rate that a 5 because it 's also based on true events . It definatelycreates mood in the story of sarrow and pain . But ` The Giver ' should n't have recievedthat award . But that 's just my opinion .
 I had to read this book for 9th grade APP english . I found that in the begining i was excited to read it after hearing all the reviews and praise for it . Half-way through the book , I knew that i did n't like it , and I would n't be persuded into liking it . This book had alot of potential , but it failed to measure up . It did n't get exciting until the end , and the ending was not satisfying . I understand the ending was supposed to be happy , but it just left the story feeling incomplete . .
 Can you imagin a perfect world but the world is n't as perfect as you think . Well a boy name Jonas finds this out . He becomes the receiver who keeps all the bad memories . If someone dose something bad they get released . It is a place were you first might wont to live there but after a while you think it is a terrable place . i really did n't really like this book . Some parts are that good but you do n't have to take my word for it.-Patrick Haberl -
 Could you imagine living in a world that is always tring to be perfect . This book is called The Giver and it was written by Lois Lowery . The main characters of this novel are Jonas , Gabrial , Mom , Dad and the giver . The setting in this novel is in the community . The main conflict in the novel is that Jonas does n't like that world cause it is so terrible . I think that the community is a dystopia because they try so hard to make it perfect but they make it a nightmare . I think that book is an ok book because it was n't my type . - Duane Duncan
 A boy named Jonas gets a job called the Reciever of Memory . He has to take a pill for something called stirrings . Jonas is twelve years old and has a sister named Lilly . Lilly is eight years old . His dad is a nurterur . No I did n't like this book because its senery is in the futer . I was n't interested in the book . I would recommend this book to people who are intrested in the futer.By : Philip
 The Giver by Lois Lowry is just another example of a potential classic destroyed by lack of any interest whatsoever . Social-Science fiction writing is by no means Lowry 's strength . She should have stuck with those Anastastia books I recall reading in the 2nd grade . Anyway , within the last four years or so I 've grown an affection for those types of books that are all aimed at explaining `` alternate universe/societies '' that we should be glad we do n't live in . For example , 1984 by George Orwell , and Ray Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 and The Martian Chronicles . If I had not previously read these , I probably would have liked The Giver a lot more . The problem was that Lowry left too many questions unanswered for the book 's own good . Sure , with a story like this it 's always good to leave some things open for you to consider , but Lowry led it to the point where parts of the book lacked continuity . Another thing that bothered me was how the Giver `` gave '' the memories into Jonas via telekinesis . That was somewhat understandable , but when it got to the point where Jonas saves Gabriel 's life by giving him the memory of warmth . That crossed the line in my mind ... plus all the other things thrown in to it ... so , Ok , let me see if I 've got this straight ... no heat , no cold , no hills , no weather , no sex , no choices ... and too much unanswered . There also appears to be a lot of confusion as to Jonas ' world being considered by its citizens as the `` perfect world '' or the `` ideal society '' . The problem with that of course is that how would the people know what a perfect world was ? They know only their society and no others -LRB- with the exception of the Giver himself -RRB- . However , most of what I just wrote could be cancelled out if Lowry just meant for The Giver to be just a quickly-read little novel for entertainment -LRB- it would have dragged on had it been any longer -RRB- , and I agree it 's a good lead-in to other books with the same idea . However , if Lowry meant to write a big , unsettling , revolutionary , thought-provoking book , she could have tried a lot harder . I 'm pretty sure that she did n't , though . After reading The Giver I yearned to read something with more depth and theory ... so I did . I went and picked up the first book of The Martian Chronicles , and I felt a little better . So to sum it all up , The Giver was a quick read -LRB- the chapters are short -RRB- , and is probably a good book for a twelve year old to read if he/she has a lot of questions about society and what it could be -LRB- sixth-grade teachers , this means you ! -RRB- , or if he/she has an interest in social-science fiction . I have just been spoiled -LRB- or enriched -RRB- with books that do a lot of a better job explaining themselves . Whether or not you found my review helpful , I 'm just glad you read what I had to say .
 This book immediately captivates you and puts you inside of a world unlike what we know . It was a real page turner at first . But , there were some things that I feel should have been better explained to make the story feel more real . For example , that author did n't explain HOW the people were unable to see color or HOW all hills were removed . About 3/4 of the way done , I realized that the end of the book was rapidly approaching and wondered how it would end . Well , it seems the author got a little bored and just decided to end it . The ending was terrible . TERRIBLE . This book had so much potential and the storyline itself was interesting . I really wish the author would have made the book longer and added an ending that would have made sense .
 This seems to be a rather heavy-handed polemic , a _ 1984 _ for kids , though frankly I think the kids should skip straight to _ 1984 _ . Lowry 's manufactured rightspeak is awkward , the dark surprises hidden beneath the placid surface of the supposedly Utopian society are not at all surprising , and , worst of all , her world is just not believable . Yes , it 's fictional , and probably even allegorical . It still should be possible , or at least believable , in order to be chilling and convincing . A society that has learned to control the climate , iron the hills out of the landscape , prevent anyone from seeing colors , etc. ? Give me a break . To say nothing of the fact that apparently many citizens are aware of the `` secrets '' underlying their paradise -- the old , defective , or just plain extra are euthanized , etc. -- but yet no one before Jonas has tried to blow the top off the system for centuries . And the old `` they had perfect lives , but yet they did not feel LOVE '' line is trotted out in all its triteness . And while I understand that Lowry was trying to depict a society startlingly different from our own , it 's a little sinister that this supposedly-perfect-and-actually-EVIL society is notable for having women in positions of responsibility and power , and allowing men to work in childcare -LRB- though I have to note that this was a minor detail , and not the major thrust of the book at all -RRB- . Also , I find Rifkin 's reading extremely annoying . Surely they could have found someone with a perfect , bland , middle American non-accent to narrate the story of the perfect bland society . He makes the kids sound whiny and the Giver sound like he 's been chain smoking for the past 40 years . The background music is also cheesy.I gave 2 stars rather than 1 as the writing was n't completely bad and I appreciate her inventiveness and attempt to spread warnings about conformity . However , I hate to see classrooms using this dumbed-down dystopian tale ; there 's enough REAL literature out there that teenagers should be at least trying to read _ 1984 _ or _ Brave New World _ instead .
 Censorship reflects a community 's shortage of self-confidence . In the book The Giver written by Lois Lowry almost everything is censored in their community
 it is not a good book , because it is boring . but some of my friends think it is interesting . But i 'm not . the beginning was boring but later in the book it was exciting too .
 it is not a good book , because it is boring . but some of my friends think it is interesting . But i 'm not . the beginning was boring but later in the book it was exciting too .
 Will BowlingWhen it comes to censorship , I think you can think about what you want to think about , and let other people think about what they want . After reading the book The Giver , thought it was an okay book . I do n't really like to read so I do n't read books unless I have to . The Giver is a weird book . I do n't know why you would have a community with no color or memory or anything like that . It 's just stupid . The Giver is a good book , I guess , if you can understand it , I thought it was very confusing because the whole town is colorblind except for a couple of people . And they ca n't have memory or experience pain . I got confused on that part . Only The Giver and the receiver of memories can see color . But at the end they get back to their community and everybody can see color and they are all having fun .
 The idea behind The Giver is clearly a unique perspective on things . It is the type of book where , you are placed in the middle of a totally different area , and you are left to figure out how it works . Gradually , you learn more and more , and things you thought were obviously true , were n't . However , there are some things in this book that are unacceptable . For instance , this society is very complex , and yet , there was still only one active plot throughout the entire book . There was not a single scene that did not contain the main character . This book has the potential to be alot more entertaining to read , if it were to have more subplots . Also , the book is very simply written when it comes to the grammar and choice of vocabulary , thus , you do not have to be `` mature '' to understand this book at all .
 Some of the characteristics of good literature that were not present in this novel are believable characters , relation to my life , and most of all a surprise ending . This text is considered under par based on the absences of these three traits . First . the characters are so different from people in this time , that they are not believable to me . Also , this story does not at all relate to my life because I do not live that way , and I have no idea what living in a Socialist type of government would be like . Finally , there is no ending that is unexpected at all . `` Downward , downward . Faster and faster . Suddenly he was aware with certainty and joy that down below that they were waiting for him ; and they were waiting for the baby . '' It closes with Jonas sliding down the familiar hill from the memory he had received . It 's very subtle , and not very exciting or surprising at all . It does n't answer any questions , does n't provide the reader with any closure , and it was written this way because the author ran out of ideas . This is not very good literature because the characters are not believable , there is no relation to people in this time , and the ending is atrocious.And it 's worse than the remake of Poseidon Adventure .
 The book was tollerable and even enjoyable until the conclusion . The book falls apart at the end . If you want a true , classic and socially enlightening book , then read THE SCARLET LETTER by Hawthorne . Lowry 's weak attempts at making the boy Christlike include
 After reading some of your reviews I 've come to the conclusion that I 'm one out of a few people that dislike this book . I read this in grade five and I 'm now in grade eight and I still remember that terrible part where those two twins were born and the smaller one had a needle stuck in the top of his head . I 'm sorry but I found it revolting that abook that is reccomended for children would contain such terrible things .
 The is just right for middle-school aged children . It 's the idea that by getting rid of the ` bad ' , such as war , starvation , and suffering , will inadvertently get rid the ` good ' , such as beauty , love , and relationships.However , the vehicles used to prove that idea are lacking . 12 year old boys do not worry about their careers ; 12 year old boys do not plot a runaway for the sake of a baby ; it is not remotely convincing that thousands of memories would come over a community because one person left . The thought behind this book is inadequate.Brave New World has more thought behind it and gets the same idea across .
 The first half of the book is great . It is one of the most interesting stories I have ever read . This is part of the problem . I was so excited and anxious to find out what happens next , that I was hugely disappointed . To sum it up , the ending is a terrible disappointment . It feels like halfway through the book , the author was in need of money , so they slapped together a few more chapters and shipped it .
 I really liked the book . It was a little different and exciting . I have n't read any books like that before , but I enjoyed reading it . I thought it was n't the best book I have ever read before , but it was definetly one of my favorites . I rated The Giver 2 stars because in my opinion it needed more work . Overall the book was well-written and it seemed to me that the author put some time and effort into this book . I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading books about the future and books that are a little out there . In the book , Jonas ' world was a little weird . They had certain rules for everything . They were very precise and they wanted everything to be that way . That 's the part of the book that really did n't appeal to me that much . I do n't think that it was right the way that the people in Jonas ' world thought was right . But there was also some advantages to the way they lived . It was nice reading this book because it was something that I had never read before .
 This review will be short and sweet . This book is terrible . Gave you enough to be interested and left you hanging at the end . I honestly did n't find the `` release '' part as bad as the Hunger Games in which they put teenagers in an arena to kill each other , but that 's me ! Would not recommend to kids as the others have said . Was so disappointed in the end I was actually mad . I hate when I invest time into a book and the end just stinks . Wish I had the past few hours back !! Ugh !!
 The Giver while deffinately not a dry and boring book should not be included in the children 's reading category . I have been doing an independent study on Newberry Award winning novels at my highschool and I must say that I can not figure out how it was chosen when it does not fit the criteria . The topics of suicide , murdering of children , and profanity would scare any child!The adult book has been disguised as a child 's and should return to the proper placing .
 The GiverThe Giver was sort of a desturbing book . For example , while the old man was giving up his memory to Jonas , he was losing his own memory . I didn 'n really like it , because it was n't interesting enough for me . The book , however , would be interesting to some people , because of its mysteriousness . The book makes the reader think about our society today as you try to figure out what 's happening .
 The Giver , by Lois Lowry is a very boring book.The characters are very polite and appoligize way too much . The setting is very boring because it has no color.In this book the character Jonas is chosen to the Reciever of Memories.He dose n't like the fact that him and The Giver are the only ones who can feel pain.At the end of the book | Jonas makes a big decision.I feel that this book was very boring and has no action . I also thought this book was too long , but I like short books . This book has 180 pages . I did n't like this book because not everyone can feel pain.The part I disliked the most was when Jonas made his big decision at the end . I feel the author could have made his decision seem even bigger.I would have liked this better if Jonas would have shown more pain . I do n't request this book to anyone .
 Giver ReviewThe Giver by Lois Lowry is a terrible book . It is interesting for about the first four or five chapters but then is very boring . This book is not worth your time to read . It is a very distinct and interesting topic but I think the book could have a different storyline to make it interesting . For some cultures , this community might not seem so farfetched . This book receives a half star out of four . It is a book not worth reading .
 I hated this book . It was really stupid . It had no point , and come on a world with no choice , color , and pain . It is totally unrealistic . I gave it one star . Nobody in the community has memories except the Receiver of Memory . I did not like it because I don like books that are stupid .
 I thought The Giver was bad . It was boring , and there really was n't a point . Are assignment for school was to read one or two chapters a night , and it was really hard for me to fulfill the assignment . My mom and my sister tryed reading it , and they only got through three chapters , and then put it down .
 I have enjoyed previous books by this author , but this is one I did not like . Rarely do I dislike a book , but this is at the top of my absolutely did not like list . I will say that it is powerful and thought-provoking reading , but I felt my soul , my being , was being ripped apart , and all that I have believed and hoped in was being questioned
 This book preaches on the dangers of conformity as the supreme value . It includes such topics as infancide , mercy killings and child suicide . This book is not meant for children . Yes , blind conformity is evil . But this vehicle to preach against conformity is not for children under 14 . Adults
 My son 's 5th grade class had to read this book . I read it with him and spent the year writing his teacher , principal and the school superintendent explaining that , in my opinion , the subject matter , including the euthanasia of all babies who are less than perfect , was inappropriate for a 5th grader . Please do n't write me off as a conservative nut who thinks everyone should share my beliefs . I am as liberal as they come and would never recommend banning a book . However , according to the US Library Association , in 1995 , this book was among the top 3 most requested books to be banned in schools.In my opinion , K-8 children , and ESPECIALLY elementary aged children should be reading uplifting books that will encourage a love of reading . The Aldous Huxley-esk world of The Giver is immeasurably dark , and I can not imagine any elementary aged child finishing this book and being left with a feeling of excitement that drives them to quickly pick up another book and continue reading.If your child is assigned this book , at the very least , please read it with them so you can discuss it .
 Spoiler alert : There is more than one way to read a story ; more than one level of interpretation , implied and/or inferred . There are different aspects of a story one can stress.One might point to a story where the `` Father '' gives over his `` son '' to shoulder the sins of the world in order to save us so that we may live . Sounds like serious stuff until the story ends with the `` son '' arriving in the world via a red sleigh like Santa Claus on Christmas morning.I had to giggle . It is a children 's book after all.I suppose I could be offended and take this story as seriously as many people do but just because the author values pride and individual choice above fairness , politeness , no war or hunger ... well , that 's up to her . But the fact that she feels the need to set up a society with faults that do n't follow from any reason is troubling . One could suggest that pride and individualism -LRB- and the like -RRB- are right-wing values while being fair and polite -LRB- and the like -RRB- are left-wing values but few parents teach their children to be rude and unfair ; values such as these are best left to dubious ideologies , as if larger society should n't be valued as highly as family . When all is said and done , there is not enough depth of religious or philosophical ideas for me to take it seriously ... only a straw-man society that has flaws that are as unlikely as its strengths.But wait , there 's more ... One main rule for the main character is that he must not discuss with anybody including parents and elders , what goes on behind closed doors with the old man who is his trainer . What might go on in this room ? Here 's what we do know : `` Move to the bed , and lie face down . Remove your tunic first '' ... `` What are you going to do sir ? '' ... . He placed his hands on Jonas 's bare back.Now , I was warned that there were some surprises , some of them disturbing , but this situation and language seems to pass right by people . This is a teachable moment but what might our children learn from the words as written ?
 This book makes a feeble attempt at demonstrating what a `` utopian '' society would look like . There is somewhat of a build-up for the main character to break free and for the community to become enlightened , but gaps in the story and the failure the close loops make the book a sore disappointment .
 This book was the most bull s *** ever . I had to read it in school and it sucked . The ending was crap . This book was not swag . Yolo
 Not my kind of book ! Without love , understanding , consideration . Its just like ur being told how to act & feel .
 Hello every body ! I recommend you read this before you get the book.Hello , I just finished reading this book and found it super disturbing and offensive . The thought that for Identical twin boys -LRB- whom I am -RRB- and the smaller one gets killed and put in a garbage shoot just makes me get into tears . Thanks for reading this and take it into consideration . Thank you - Sky
 I am a Identical twin . I do n't like the book for this reason . I do not like the how they kill a identical twin boy . thank you
 i dont think I 've ever read a book this bad . it is very disturbing . i mean , who thinks of killing babies as a normal thing in any situation ?! not to be a prude but the whole bathing thing is just gross . it 's also the worst ending I 've ever read . this book is sooooo boring ! i had to read it for school and i almost fell asleep reading it and i never do that . do n't read this book . do n't look at it . do n't think about it . you would seriously regret it . i would give it negative stars if i could.XOXO HR Cali
 I do n't recommend the book the Giver to most people . It has a poor mixture of mystery and drama . If you like action books , this one 's not for you . It has a dull plot because it takes place in a discrete area that is disconnected from society that we know and love . Everything is perfect , except for one thing . The freedom of choice we have does not exist in that world . The main character is a young boy by the name Jonas . He is chosen to take on a job that the community depends on . He has to receive many memories of the past in order to protect the future , yawn . if you were to like the book , Charlie and the Chocolate factory , this ones for you .
 I must say this book is creative and its not like any book I 've ever read . New and fresh , but it did n't interest me much . At the beinging I found it weird and had a stupid story line . At no point in the book was I excited to know what happened next , and it was definitely not a page turner , it did n't interest me .
 My 7th grade class is currently reading the giver by Lois Lowry . The setting is in a futuristic perfect community . As a child , the members of the community are observed by a comity and their jobs are selected for them . The main character in this book , Jonas , is selected to be the receiver of memory . Jonas no longer has to follow the rules of the community . He has the most important job in the entire community . He goes through strenuous training to absorb the information that his tutor , the giver , is passing to him . He is a very important person to have in the community because if something bad was about to happen he could warn them of what happened before.The wording in the book is very difficult to understand . It takes a lot of thinking to understand the concepts in this book . This book is supposed to portray a perfect world but I think that the community is far from perfect . Everything in the community is based on sameness . This means that there are no advances and no differences among people . I think a world like that would be very boring because you would wake up every day and know what was going to happen . There is very little change in the daily schedule . A major reason why I think this was n't a very good book is because the author 's idea of a perfect world is n't mine.I gave this book two out of five star for three simple reasons . First of all I did n't agree with her idea of a perfect world . Jonas 's world is far from anything that I would consider perfect . Secondly , I did n't think this book was very interesting . I had trouble reading more than two chapters at a time because the concepts of the book bored me . And lastly , I disliked the ending . I ca n't tell you about it but if you read this book after my review you will probably agree with my opinion of the ending . I would recommend this book only to those who like slow reading books .
 The Giver by Lois Lowry is a very opinionated book . Different people will think different things about the book and I think there are too many choices to make at the end of the story . In The Giver , a child named Jonas is getting his new ` assignment ' for his life and he just happens to get the ` Receiver of Memory ' . He then must receive memories of things that other people in the community do not know.In the Giver , Lowry tried to make some sort of Utopia -LRB- Perfect World -RRB- and wanted to show that this would probably never happen and that this world might be perfect but there are still some flaws in it . The author also tries to show that our world also has flaws . I think the author tried to go too far into the future because it might be a long time until we invent or do things -LSB- are bad -RSB- as
 Read at my wife 's suggestion knowing that I am a fan of dystopia novels . Cleary an indictment of socialist societies where individualism is anathema and the state is the culture -LRB- as opposed to fascistic societies where the culture becomes the state -RRB- . I do not fault the author for using the literary device of exaggeration to make her point , nor do I fault her for logical errors in her effort to create art , but what I found disturbing is the sub-textual moral of the story
 It is not hard to understand why the content , though seemingly complex , is in fact shallow . It is written for mentally careless or untrained people , especially children , that can be easily led astray if the content does not bring attention to unresolvable problems . Insofar as being used as class assigned reading material for study it should be recognized that most teachers are incapable of sufficient analysis of its content in order to explain it properly to their students . MY LIL 9yrs old got this assigned , ... . OHH myyy !!!!!!! She had nightmares for days !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i didnt like it at all . the story is strange and the ending was weak . i would not reccomend it !!!!
 Just a note to say my smart , high honor roll children hated this book . It was a 5th grade assignment . They thought it was not believeable and just played a little game of which would be the lesser evil , reading this book 15 times or `` The Lovely Bones . '' I have n't read it , just reporting their sub-optimal reactions . Considering I would like my children to develop a love of reading , this book does n't seem to fit the bill , though they did say it was thankfully quite short .
 Throughout this particular story , I was enthralled by the lack of writing talent . The only use for this book was for a coaster . Also , when I was cold , I made a fire . Lois Lowry is a disturbing author whom I think belongs behind bars . This selection would have been rated less , however -LRB- just like the Giver -RRB- there is a lack of choices for negative stars . The beginning was completely understandable , however as the book continued , I became more disgusted with the thoroughly perceivable message . Read the book , I dare you ! I would not recommend this book to Saddam Hussein .
 To me reading The Giver was just a class assignment . I am not what you would call me a `` reading type . '' If I had to say some good things about it I would say that it had a lot of feeling . To me , The Giver was a wierd book . But it was interesting in some parts of the story . Like when he tells his parents his special dream , that part made me laugh . The Giver was an alright book to me , but to someone else it could be the greatest book they have ever read .
 This book had foul moments of terror ! I read it to my brother Ackmed and my 5 cousins Hockmoud , Backmoud , Ockmod , Mah , and Dod . They are 7 each of them are 7 they were scared of the book ! I do not reccomend this book to anyone !!
 I was supposed to read this book for seventh grade , so when I was reading it , it makes no sense at all . I mean When a little girl turn to an 9 ? what does the nine mean , and in this book this person put has twice , and I would not read this book again , and listen to the person who said only take it from the library , dont buy it , thats why i am rushing to read it . kids like me need a book with laughter , adventure so we kids would read it more , so if you want this book , be careful of buying it , cause this book is a peice of -LRB- junk -RRB- .
 My opinion of `` The Giver '' , is the same opinion as theone I have about Puley Shore movies . They 're quite entertaining in thebeginning , but after awhile , the plot gets dull and eventually loses its flavor . The idea of having a perfect society is a good idea for a story , but dragging out the idea that the characters have no emotions gets a tad bit annoying . I get the idea that the characters have no emotions , but Lois Lowery has to tell the reader every other sentence . She acts like the reader is going to forget or something . I admit , the beginning of the story is good ; how Lowery tells you about the society 's rules , and the Giver 's job , but after all that is said , she says the same thing over again . And the ending was the worst ever in the history of literature . This is a horrible book . I suggest it to people who like to get cheated when they read or anyone who saw `` Lost in Space . ''
 I 've read this book , and I did n't get one thing out of it . It is such a ridiculous idea that a world and its inhabitants do not have any feelings or memories . What a croc .
 my class had to read this book for school . it was a very ... interesting book filled with death . i would not recomend this book . nobody in my class liked it . it is an unnerving book . it was slow and boring in my opinion .
 The Giver was an odd book . The beginning was terrible but the middle and most of the end was interesting at times . At the end of each chapter something happened that made you want to read more . I would n't reccomend this book to anyone who likes lots of action and thrills , because The Giver hardly had any . Also , if you do n't like to think a lot while reading , this book is not for you . There are also a few deaths , so if you get upset easily do n't read this .
 It sucks . First off it 's exactly like the movie Pleasantville which really blew . Second off read the ending , He climbs up a snowy hill , the end . That 's really cheesy and boring . Peace out my G-Unit homy . This book is whacked up , know what I 'm sayin ' .
 When I read this book I was in sixth grade . First of all I had a horrible time figureing out what was going on in some parts of its twisted plot . This was certainly the most depressing book I have ever read . When I sit down to read I want to be enjoying myself and this book really did not do that . Finally it is long . It seemed like it took forever to get through this relatively short book .
 Jonas never knew that there was more out there . In the book The Giver by Lois Lowry , the main character Jonas lives in a totally controlled society , it is so controlled they ca n't even see color . In this story , the government controls everything . I do not like this book because it is written in a very formal style . Besides that , I think others might like this book because it is an interesting idea for a story.This book is about a boy named Jonas whose life is totally changed when he turns thirteen . He gets a very special job . Because of his job , he gets emotional . He can see colors and he can know the pain of the past . This job is unique because only one person is chosen for it . After a couple of months working he realizes what a terrible world he lives in and decides to go elsewhere to change his life.This book is written in a formal way that middle school kids might not understand . All the characters talk in a really stiff way . For instance , when Asher speaks angrily to Jonas , he then says `` I apologize for not paying you the respect you deserve . '' The language is hard to read , and this makes the book it confusing . There are common terms , like `` released '' , that seem unfamiliar because they are used in a different way than I am used to . The type of dialogue the author uses makes the book hard to read.I would recommend this book for people who do not like action . This book is very slow . After I had read four two weeks , nothing had happened . I prefer book that are exiting like when you get into something right away . The story however had an interesting . Them that might interest some people.I seriously did not like this book . The dialog was confusing and it was incredibly slow . If there was a bit more action , I might have liked it . However just because I did not like this book , does not mean you will not .
 In a world without feelings Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of Memory . That means he alone has to keep all the memories of the past . Gradually he recognizes that the community he lives in is n't that perfect as it 's supposed to be . Together with the Giver of Memory he makes a plan to bring the memories like colors and real feelings back to the members of community ... I did n't enjoy the book very much . It 's just one more book of those that `` inconspicuously '' wants to call attention to the grievances of the world .
 The Giver by Lois Lowry is a very opinionated book . Different people will think different things about the book and I think there are too many choices to make at the end of the story . In The Giver , a child named Jonas is getting his new ` assignment ' for his life and he just happens to get the ` Receiver of Memory ' . He then must receive memories of things that other people in the community do not know.In the Giver , Lowry tried to make some sort of Utopia -LRB- Perfect World -RRB- and wanted to show that this would probably never happen and that this world might be perfect but there are still some flaws in it . The author also tries to show that our world also has flaws . I think the author tried to go too far into the future because it might be a long time until we invent or do things -LSB- are bad -RSB- as
 The Giver is a really bad book to read because when I was reading it I did not understand what the book was trying to tell me . If you 're a student , I suggest not to read this book . There are many other great books you could choose that would be much more interesting . I just felt this particular book did n't keep my interest and you should n't waste your time with .
 Jonas is a kid that seems to have a normal life . However as he starts to grow older he realizes that his town is n't all that great . He notices differences that he 's never seen before . His perfect little town seems to come to start losing its appeal when he learns more about the `` outside . '' This is a great book for children to read , and a great book for older kids to look into the `` hidden '' meanings . I encourage people of all ages to read it.-MM , Sunapee High School .
 The main character Jonas is n't happy with the form of government in his community , so what do you think he will do , run away ? Well that was hard to figure out . No suspense or action is to be found in this boring novel .
 I read this book to a boy named Hckmoud that cant read and has no clothes no food no shelter or anything he enjoyed the book and so did I.
 The messages in this book promote socialistic ideas . Suggesting that imperfect young and the imperfect old can be removed from a culture is a scary idea . The thought of a sinful society ever being able to realize a non hostile environment where all people get along is misleading . The thought that a birth mother is an improved model over the traditional family is another lie . The whole book will leave most kids confused about the real world we live in .
 I read this book in about fourth grade , and I absolutely loathed it . I decided to give it another shot , and once again , found it lacking . Definetely not reccomended .
 The Giver was a very a weird twisted book . I do not approve of this book because it had way to many details that it got boring and it needed a better ending . I have to admit , that at the end there was a lot of suspence . I would n't recommend this book to anyone because it made me think . I like books that tell you what is happening , not books that make you figure that out .
 Can you imagine living in a town where everything is always the same ? Thats how it is for Jonas , because in his town its nothing but just that . When Jonas turns twelve everything is a disaster ... at least now that he is the receiver ! Before he was the reciver everything was fine ; there were no problems.The community was a utopia -LRB- perfect world -RRB- . Now he is chosen to be the recevier then he finds out everything from what objects are colors are to the different types of weather . This story is a weird one . I personally dont care for it . This story is suggested to geeks or people who like confusing stories with twisted ending . So read for yourself and you 'll find out .
 1,000 Monkeys + 10 Typewriters + infinte time = The works of Shakespeare10 Monkeys + 5 Typewriters + 30 minutes = The GiverPossibly the worst book I have ever read . Its only purpose is to take up your time . If I want to read fiction I 'll read C.S Lewis or J.R.R Tolkien . I wasted a whole day on this book ! And , if the author is trying to teach me something , I sure did n't pick it up . In the process of reading this book another thought came to me . If the author really put thought into this book , where there is everything from baby killing to a person burning up , then perhaps she needs a bit of R&R. ; The Giver reminds me of what I think of after a real bad day . I hope you can see what I mean .
 i want to say that the real jonas , is in real an ALBANIAN !!!! The albanian has git the idia but they havent a pen to write ... just that u know .
 The Giver was n't really my type of book . It was good in a lot of parts like the dream he had about Fiona . I am a violent kind of person and I think this book could have used a bit more violence , but over all I rate this a one . Sometimes I wonder what the ending meant .
 that is recommended for students to read ! It is ghastly ! It starts out by sucking you into a mystery that you just ca n't figure out what is going on but with the ending you are left with a `` WHAT ? '' . My children were shocked to find out one of the main characters is a baby killer . What makes this book great ? The others comment about the similiarities to the movie The Village but at least that movie has some good to it and has a message that does n't leave you hanging !
 The Giver was not an example of good literature . It was confusing , and it had to many unanswered questions . Also , it was difficult to understand . The Giver was confusing because when she had the characters speak , it was hard to follow who was speaking . Also I think that the end was confusing as well because no one knows what happens . It 's one of the many unanswered questions that could easily be answered ; she never cleared it up so you do n't know what happens to Jonas at the end of the story . It was confusing because when the Giver speaks about Rosemary and why she applied for a release it gets confusing because you ca n't tell weather they are flashing back to the past , or the present . `` One for here , one for else where . '' Lily chanted . The quote was hard to understand because when she was talking about it , we do n't know whether she meant for one of them or the twins that were being brought into the community . All in all , I think that The Giver was not good literature .
 the main characters of book is Jonas , the reciever , and Jonas family . The title of this book is The Giver by Lois Lowry . The setting of this novel is in a small cummunity . The main conflict of this story is basically Jonas trying to get away from the community cause it 's not utopia . The utopia of this book is for every thing to be safe and no critism and the dystopia is that they released you if you do something wrong.the award of this book is that it receive a newberry award . My opinion of this book is that I sereously did n't like the book . It 's too dumb because you get release for not doing somthing right . Come on . There would never be a place like that ever -LRB- EVER -RRB- .
 the giver was an interesting book but pretty lame and stupid
 I recently read The Giver in class . I personally did n't enjoy it . I thought Lous Lowery did n't do a good job of sticking to her story line . In some parts of the book she would say one thing the community did then the next chapter she would say something tatally opposite making the book not flow and make sense . Ialso thought the ending was to sudden and did n't answer any questions i had .
 ... I 'm the most bookish member of my family , and the only professional writer -LRB- pharmacology , medicine , government regulatory horrors -RRB- in the house . As such , I 've often been called upon to handle the kids ' -- and now the grandkids ' -- difficulties with school work . My eldest granddaughter had been tasked with a summer reading assignment centered upon Lois Lowry 's novel * The Giver * -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , and she brought it to me because she was directed to read it with an adult . Her mother and both her grandmothers decided that I 'm the adult . Oh , well.To skip forward a bit , as the granddaughter is now obliged to deal with the wad of photocopied work requirements associated with this book , I 've been digging through the Internet to find background on this novel , and some sort of insight into the teacherly impulses so obviously behind the pre-packaged study assignments dumped on the poor kid in June . In the process , I 've discovered -LRB- to no surprise whatsoever -RRB- that there 's a massive presence for this horrible thing among the ex-Education majors.Understand , please , that I 'm a science fiction fan . I 'm thoroughly steeped in the genre . I also get my living through research and analysis . Spotting logical inconsistencies , intellectual sloppiness , and lapses in reasoning is the habit of a lifetime . I also used to read a lot of children 's and young adult literature when my children were of an age to plough through such stuff , and I found much of it well-enough written to be pretty admirable.When I began reading * The Giver * with my granddaughter -LRB- who 's a bit dyslexic , and needs plenty of help to translate text-on-page into thoughts-in-mind -RRB- , I kept turning from the contents to the cover , unable to believe that this thing had actually won a Newberry Award . This book was supposed to be on a par with * Maniac Magee * ? Or * A Wrinkle in Time * ? Or even a second-place finisher like * My Side of the Mountain * ? Then I checked out the Newberry Awards list , and took note of more than a decade of Major Suckage in kids ' literature -LRB- to which , I confess , I 've paid not a whole lot of attention in the years between my own kids ' growing-up and the rise to reading of my grandchildren -RRB- . `` Ah , '' I realized . `` John Taylor Gatto 's * Dumbing Us Down * - with a vengeance . Of course . '' * The Giver * falls into a speculative fiction genre commonly known as `` the dystopia novel , '' which includes Ayn Rand 's * Anthem * -LRB- 1938 -RRB- as one of the earlier examples . To the limitedly literate , Orwell 's * 1984 * is perhaps the best example of this sort of `` if this goes on '' procedural , drawing horrible future visions from what are supposed to be lucidly reasoned extrapolations of societal ghodawfulness either proposed or actually in train at the time of writing . There are many more examples , one of them being * An Enemy of the State * by fellow physician F. Paul Wilson , written during the galloping inflation of Jimmy Carter 's idiotic presidency.As a dystopia novel , * The Giver * is an example of Extreme Major Suckage . It is fundamentally dishonest as speculative fiction , and Ms. Lowry is wonderfully fortunate in that the majority of children today - the victims of `` dumbed-down '' government schools - are not customarily exposed to books like Alexander Key 's * The Forgotten Door * or the juvenile novels written by Robert Heinlein during his contract with Scribners ' in the '50s . -LRB- At this point I recommend that the people praising * The Giver * read Heinlein 's * Between Planets * -LSB- 1951 -RSB- or his * Citizen of the Galaxy * -LSB- 1957 -RSB- . Compare Don Harvey of the former book - or Thorby Baslim of the latter - to Jonas of * The Giver * , character developed against character , situation contrasted against situation , context versus context , and consider that not only were Heinlein 's books written for kids of the same age as my 12-year-old granddaughter but they hit print about 40 years * before * Ms. Lowry published * The Giver * . -RRB- The plenum - the `` world '' - of * The Giver * is logistically untenable . That 's a fancy way of saying that it 's too damned fragile to survive for any appreciable time as Lowry has described it . Societal systems of such cloying control , if they were liable to a breach such as that effected by Jonas in the story , would have been ripped to shreds long before the events of this novel.This is an important defect , inasmuch as speculative fiction of both types - science fiction and fantasy - relies heavily upon sustaining the reader 's willing suspension of disbelief . Even with the factitious mental retardation inculcated by government schooling , I do n't see much chance that a reasonably rational child of ten or twelve years ' age could ever manage to get past the `` Sameness '' bilge -LRB- * Induced * absolute color blindness ? Gim me a break ! -RRB- much less the total suppression of human ingenuity and initiative needed to preserve the sociocultural stasis depicted in this novel.To put this in context , consider that the average episode of * Spongebob Squarepants * provides a deeper insight into human nature than does * The Giver * . Besides that , the Square One lives in a fantasy plenum - Bikini Bottom and all the silliness therein - that 's actually better thought-out and more tightly integrated than the community depicted in Ms. Lowry 's novel.I understand why the ex-Education majors -LRB- the public school teachers -RRB- like * The Giver * . After all , it 's been `` machined '' to death with all sorts of off-the-shelf study points and similar pap to be regurgitated by the luckless student -LRB- which means that the teachers can stick it to their victims with about as much thought and effort as an oyster expends in getting his lunch -RRB- , and it 's not exactly an intellectual challenge . Education majors , after all , are without doubt the dumbest damned people graduating from college -LRB- see cumulative US military Stanford-Binet scores on officer candidates according to undergraduate major subject area ; the three lowest-scoring categories every year are education , home economics , and physical education -RRB- . Beyond that , though , public school teachers are the most thoroughly `` velvet fascist '' folks in the country . Think of them as Mussolini 's blackshirts with an ostensibly kinder , gentler face - and a better public relations apparatus . These clowns secretly * admire * the `` Sameness '' in Ms. Lowry 's book , and love to drown the kiddies in noise about how wonderful Jonas ' community would be if only the governing thugs were n't as much inclined to have people `` released '' as is the average Texas politician.Yeah , right ...
 I guess I did n't realize that this was written for someone 's whose brain has not gone past 12 . The best children 's or young adult books do n't every write * for * that crowd ... this one tries hard to dumb down ideas , words , vocabulary -- the whole thing.Wish I could get my money back .
 I liked it better the first time I read it , when it was called Anthem -LRB- by Ayn Rand -RRB- .
 Let 's face it . I had to read this book for a project in school and I was misreable the whole way . I 'm not a big sci fi fan , but even if you were I do not recomend this book.So there 's a guy named Jonas , and in his community there is no love , no nothing . I 'm not going to go into much detail , but I will say this
 This book is awful . The author , Lois Lowry , is gifted , and what others have written about her writing is true - she is good at conveying degrees of pain and pleasure , astounding at introducing a concept as if the reader has never come across it before -LRB- color , music , etc. -RRB- . The problem is Lowry 's agenda , maybe only one an adult could see . The deep dark secret of Jonas ' community is euthanasia - unwanted or unfeasible babies and the extremely aged and fragile are injected with death-inducing drugs . This seems to be a veiled attempt to poison the impressionable reader against abortion and the right-to-die , by playing on his/her emotions - Jonas is so stunned by what he sees his `` father '' do to a baby that he refuses to go home , and runs away from the community . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This book is horrible . I had to read it for an English project , and endured excrustiating pain while reading it . It doesnt have a point . The end doesnothing for the community , and just complicates the meaning of this book . Did it actaully have a point ?
 The Giver is a pretty good book to read . I recommend it for advanced readers so that they understand it . It is about a boy named Jonas who has an important job . He is the Reciever of Memory . Jonas recieves memories that his Community never saw . There are a few things that the Community does n't have that Jonas saw before . There is one bad part . The book describes a release . Overall , The Giver is an okay book .
 This is one of the required books that have to be read over the kids summer vacation . I 'm the parent and found it very interesting , but the children that I 've talked to ; > 20 have found it very dry.Have your kids read it with plenty of water
 I 'll give this book two stars for the fact that the writing was n't really heinous and its just a warning about conformity . The book really is n't terrible , just cliched . The old horse of ` they had perfect lives , but they did not love ' is trotted out once again , and the entire ` supposedly utopian but secretly evil ' society that the author crafts is self-indulgent and unconvincing . In short , this is `` Look everyone ! I 'm writing serious material ! '' work , a dumbed-down ` Anthem ' . Yes , it 's nicely allegorical , but there are other books that carry off the utopian theme much better , such as ' 1984 ' , ` Brave New World ' or the aforementioned ` Anthem ' . It 's truly painful to see teenagers learning this in school and taking it as the epitome of Utopian allegory .
 With all the great literature that is available for middle schoolers , it is mind boggling that The Giver , a mediocre yet sensationalist book , keeps getting assigned for fifth graders . Suppression of puberty , commercialized breeding and other features of the story are , I hope , beyond the realm of understanding for 10 year olds . There are plenty of great dystopian novels out there to read for older students , but this is certainly not one of them . To all you teachers who are simply following the pack on this front , look into some other options and teach Orwell , Swift and the like when students are ready .
 This book is not for everyone . My child had nightmares after reading chapter 19 which I would easily rate R for graphic detailed violence . For parents who take their responsibility of monitoring the material their children are exposed to , be sure ahead of time that your child will not be emotionally upset by the `` how - to '' description of the actions . In my opinion , there are no redeeming qualities to this book . My child could not evaluate anything to do with the book because she was obsessed with the murder of an innocent new-born baby . While other people may say that it 's not real , the subject of euthanasia is real . I would never recommend this book , however , I would caution parents , and teachers alike to evaluate the person for whom the book is being selected and determine if he/she will be negatively affected by it ahead of time .
 The plot for the book The Giver is very confusing . Their world in this book is all perfect and there is no crime or anything unusual . The beginning you really do n't know what is going on because it kind of starts right in the middle of something . There world is totally black and white . The main character Jonas starts out as any normal boy would until the age of 12 when he gets the special job as the Receiver . This person receives all the memories from the people in the past . All the people in this book do not suffer any pain except the receiver . Everybody has the same exact feeling as everybody else and do n't get to think for themselves.The second reason is that the plot in this book is not a very interesting topic . This book does n't grab your attention at all . It is all perfect so there is really no adventure in this book . There also is n't any action in it which makes this book even more boring . This book 's plot is n't very thought out in my opinion because it is not very interesting and it is all perfect which makes the reader think the author did n't put much time into thinking the plot through by having the book all perfect . There is what I think about the plot of the book The Giver.So now that you know that this is a very bad book ! I want to make sure that you do n't waste your well earned money . Thanks for reading about what I have to say about the plot of this book .
 After looking at all the rave reviews ... it must be me . But , `` The Giver '' fell flat for me . I really really like the beginning and I liked the world that was created , every body so polite and all . And then you find the bad things behind the curtain . In fact I liked the polite world so much that I would n't object to ... the bad things behind the curtain , that make the society possible.The latter book was so unsatisfying , like how could there be no sun , but stuff grows , and how could there be no color?This book has a great story idea , unfortunately it does n't flesh out.PS I especially liked the dinner scenes where each member of the family has to politely wait for other family members to share their day and then they comfort each other ! Great stuff !
 The Giver is a good choice for reading in class since it is written in quite an understandable language and contains a lot of helpful annotations.I personally would n't have read this book outside school . I found it boring and not interesting to read . The story is confusing and ends too suddenly.I would have wanted the Auther to continue the book a bit more to find out how the community develops .
 I had high expectations for this book , because Lois Lowry 's Number the Stars was phenomenal , but these expectations were just not met . Jonas is an interesting enough character , and the giver/receiver concept of inheriting memories is interesting , but the ending of the book fizzled out , and I was very disappointed .
 I think the book is ok , in the begining it is very boring and confusing , but in the middle of thr book it gets very good.I really hate the ending of the book ... : -LRB-
 At first I think this book will be a funny book but it is n't . It 's a very hard and sad story . You have no own opinion and you miss all the beautiful events in life . The people in the community live in a prison from which you ca n't escape . For me the book is very interesting - but sometimes a little bit boring . It 's a different style than other books have - that 's one important reason for me to read this book .
 I am an Eighth Grader in Middle School . I read this book for my reading class , in a few days . Lots of my friends had read the book before and liked it . The story is about a Utopian community and a boy , Jonas , learning more about the outside world . I did not find the story line very intriguing . In fact , I found it a little boring . I found myself just wanting to finish the book , instead of enjoying it . There were n't many surprises along the way , and it failed to keep me guessing throughout the book . My predictions were almost all correct , and book just seemed to stop . The ending was probably the worst part of the book . The chapters leading up to the ending seemed to go too fast for me . It was like Ms. Lowry just decided to end the book there . There were other things in the book that just seemed never to be explained . They just were . For example , the places in the book , like the family units , and House of the Old , were not described very well . The author never gave you a visual picture . You could n't imagine yourself there , like in other good books . I also found it too unrealist for me . It was n't a BAD book , just not a good one .
 Felt like the first half of a longer book . I might have liked it if it were n't for the childish writing style . It reminded me of a the way a 10-year-old tells you about his day -- `` First this happened . And then this happened . And then this . And then this . `` Just not really good overall . As some of the other reviewers suggest , read 1984 or Brave New World , or countless others instead . One might argue that this book has more of a metaphysical leaning but those concepts were n't really given the proper treatment . The lofty ending might not have been as bad if the first 90 percent of the book were n't so matter-of-fact .
 I dident really like it becuse it was really weird . And it was nothing like you think it whould be . And the reson i give it a 2star is becuse i like exsiting books and it isent really exciting . but if you like books that are not what you think this is one for you . Well keep on redading . you might like it and if you do put a recamandation on hear about it . :0 -RRB- : > -RRB-
 I did not care for this book , it reminded me of the strange story of The Hunger Games . I prefer books that are more realistic .
 I agree with the other reviewers that it is just a basic overview of the subject and if the wanted to cover SQL Server there should have also been a version for Access . In fact I think Wrox should provide an Access version on their web site.Also , who ever edited the book needs to go back to English 101 . It has way too many grammatical errors making me believe no one read the book before it was published.As with all books I did however get bits and pieces of useful information on OLE DB consumer templates but since I am writing this review I have to comment on how many books are published that contain the same basic information . Why do n't publishers get authors that write books with real world example . I am tried of looking at book after book that shows you how to draw a line . In terms of this book , if the author could have talked about and showed how to use the various data bound controls that come with VC 6 , that would have been useful . Basically you have to get VB books if you want information on that topic .
 This book does not help beginners . I have had several people try and follow through the examples . Much material is missing in the `` how to '' . It is difficult to figure out where examples are being used in the book that will be used in future examples.Not well organized . Ca n't follow the examples when I can find them .
 I have to agree with the folks that panned this book . I do n't know what the reviewers who applauded it were looking at.Sadly this is another example of what we see too much from Wrox , a hastily written , superficial , badly edited -LRB- I would say not edited at all . I ca n't believe the number of typos and grammatical errors . -RRB- book rushed into print to try and cash in.For shame , Wrox .
 This book is awful ! The books loses focus and forgets who its audience is over and over . There are discussions about the mandatory features that need to be implemented when writing a database driver , Visual Source Safe , and many other topics that do n't have any thing to with writing a C++ database application.To make matter worse the book is also riddled with typos - both grammar and code . The book spends more time discussing MFC than it does implementing the database code . The coding style displayed in this book is that of a beginner . If you are an beginner programmer this is an example of how NOT to program . The code is very inconsistent and poorly laid out . Functions for common pieces of code are never created and instead copied each time that it is needed - sometimes 3 or 4 times in one tiny example application -RRB- . This is n't the typical book that you would expect from Wrox . Their books are normally solid , but this one really misses the mark . Save your money .
 I ordered `` Professional Database Programming with Visual C++ 6.0 '' , what I got was `` Visual C++ 6 Database Programming Tutorial '' . Same ISBN number , same author , so not an amazon.com error.When I ordered this -LRB- pre-publication -RRB- , it was billed as an advanced database programming book . In actuality , it is a lightly re-worded collection of information readily available for free in Microsoft white papers and doco included with the Visual C++ CD set.This book would be more aptly titled `` Visual C++ Database Programming for Morons '' , and more aptly priced at $ 20 . Even in the inflated world of programming books , $ 50is WAY too much money for such fluff . For that kind of money , I expect a book written by an experienced programmer who has done real homework and has something of value to relate . Not regurgitation of Microsoft documentation and code samples generated by the Visual C++ AppWizard.I ca n't believe the author actually put in code samples which were copied directly from running the database AppWizards ! The code is trivial , and adds nothing to what is already available . The author apparently barely studied the material she presents , and she certainly does n't appear to understand it very well or have done any substantive programming with the technologies she presents.Another loser from Wrox Press -- shame on the editors at Wrox for wasting paper with this.This is no 400 pages as advertised -- it is a VERY light 327 pages.Fortunately , I bought this book from Amazon -- I 'm just in the process of mailing it back for a refund .
 This book is so full of grammatical and typographical errors , it is virtually unreadable . I read through about half the book and gave up . There are an average of 5 errors per page - that 's over 1000 errors in a 200 page book ! I want my money back . The author and publisher should be ashamed to have offered this book to the public .
 One illustration in this otherwise innocent tale clearly depicts Gypsies as `` wood people '' who , the text says , will `` take '' children if they wander into the forest . It is unfortunate to see such blatant stereotyping -- in an age when the Romany -LRB- Gypsy -RRB- population of Eastern Europe is the target of more hate crime than at any time since the Holocaust . It 's too bad that so many children 's authors remain completely insensitive to the slavery and poverty suffered by the Rom . Discerning readers can help by avoiding books that include any kind of sterotyping . -- Alyssa A. Lappen
 `` Beyond Fear '' contains the five-step analysis you see in many of the reviews . This framework is valuable , but Schneier adds little wisdom beyond it . When Schneier applies the five steps to actual security decisions , the results do not inspire confidence . Granted , security is often complicated , and no protection is fail-proof . But these observations alone do nothing to take us `` Beyond Fear , '' in fact they increase fear and paralysis . Overcoming this muddle is the evident challenge in writing about security , a challenge the author runs away from , on every page . Instead , he talks about biology , warfare and dozens of other subjects . These fun facts do nothing to clarify security decisions.Schneier 's rather self-important tone amplifies my disappointment . Example
 If Bruce Schneier has acquired a habit , it is the ability to take the same old material and rehash it into different books , year after year . My guess is that , next year , he 'll use another slightly different angle and try to sell you the same basic information.What I find truly onerous about his books is the condescending tone that Schneier adopts when addressing the reader.Recently I spoke with a PhD , from Brown , who performed decades of research in number theory . He recommended `` Cryptography in C and C++ , '' by Michael Welschenbach . He also said `` I do n't know why people think Applied Cryptography is such a good book . He -LSB- Schneier -RSB- does n't seem to understand the mathematics very well . '' Pick up Applied Cryptography sometime and compare it side-by-side with Welschenbach 's book . You 'll see what that PhD was talking about .
 I thought this book would tell me something I did n't know . It did n't . I thought it would be interesting enough to keep me awake and wanting to read it . It was n't . I thought Bruce Schnier was a big thinker and agressive . He is n't ; he 's overly cautious and careful with his words out of his own `` fear '' of insulting somebody . I thought he would take a stand on the issues . He did n't . I thought he understood security in the post-9 / 11 world . He does n't . In fact , this book was written like 9/11 never happened and as if our terrorist enemies are mindless idiots.If you want a good overview of the strategic issues facing cyber security and homeland security , read Dan Verton 's Black Ice . That offers a far better understanding and overview of what 's going right and what 's going wrong in homeland security and cyber security , because Verton is n't afraid . Scnhier has n't found a way to go beyond his own fear .
 Some pedants may decry Bruce 's many semantic flaws , but these same people have neglected to realize that their biggest mistake was to buy the book to begin with.BZZZT . Thank you for playing.The basic lessons of this book are so painfully obvious that I have no idea why anyone in their right mind would buy it , especially in this economy . I kid you not , I literally stood in an airport gift shop , in my civies , and read this book while waiting for a flight back to base . The book is riddled with filler material , which was probably necessary to pad the book to 250 + pages . You could easily summarize the book in ten pages -LRB- but that would prevent the publisher from charging you $ 17.50 -RRB- . If you already have one of Schneier 's books , then there is no reason to buy this one . Pogie bait is cheaper and more satisfying .
 I 'm a computer scientist and this book did n't teach me anything . I do not recommend this book to anyone , there is nothing you will learn from it . Save your money or spend it for a better book !
 I purchased this book as a going to bed book for my baby girl . It puts me to sleep before I can even get halfway through it -LRB- so I guess it 's effective -RRB- . Way too long in my opinion !
 Honest , I love Dr. Seuss . However , I was very disappointed with this particular book . I was searching for a good rythmic book to read to my newborn . This one was suggested because it was supposed to be good from day one on through the ages . The truth of it is , I was bored with it before I ever finished and the pictures were n't as stimulating as some of the other Seuss works . If I was n't stimulated , I ca n't really imagine that either a baby or a 5-year old will be either . I actually returned the book .
 Marina loves Sebastian - no , wait , she 's determined not to be attracted to him because she 's got to marry Don Felipe to save her family . Sebastian loves Marina - no , wait , he 's determined to be only sexually attracted to her , and takes revenge on her because she scarred his face with her ring when she -LRB- justifibly -RRB- fought off his potential rape.And oh , there 's Marina 's cousin Carmen flaunting herself around too , but , no , wait , Carmen 's secretly in love with Marina 's brother , who 's missing in the Caribbean , but no , he 's not missing after all and turns up just in time to think Sebastian is Carmen 's lover ... oh , what a mess!And actually a big boring mess at that .
 Basically , this story is about lives & loves ruined by oneman 's ruthless obsession for power . John St. George 's failure inwinning his father 's love/respect -LRB- & vice-versa -RRB- turned him into a control freak with a twisted mind . His jealous rage made him victimize his half-sister Pam -- who was everyone 's darling , & her lover Cutter Reid -- the ` nobody ' whom his father was so proud of . But a person can only take so much before wanting revenge ... and doing something to make it happen.In all fairness , the story had its moments ` cuz it made me cry -- I really felt for Pam 's predicament . While the histories that went into each major character were very detailed , there was n't much specific info on tourmaline , mining , or the jewelry-making industry , except for some vague generalizations . Elizabeth Lowell 's `` Lover in the Rough '' provided a lot more insights & depth of feeling.A word of caution
 It is very irritating to purchase a book -- and this is the more expensive hardcover !!!! -- and then find out it is a reprint . So , beware !
 A lot of work clearly went into this book , but not a lot of information . If you 're looking for info , some of the web references are the wrong addresses , the book is about 220 pages -LRB- double spaced -RRB- with about 100 pages that are reprints of `` checklists '' - i.e. , does your child prefer to be warm or cool when studying ? There are references to other people 's work -LRB- admittedly there 's not a lot out there -RRB- but it seems only anecdotal original work , most of which is repeated numerous times and is generally the same girl identical twins . For those of you out there looking for answers , they 're not in this book .
 This book claims to want to show the ` nuance ' of the sex trade , so therefore it must use complicated words such as ` debt bondage ' to in fact describe what is an inhuman situation where people are threatened with death and beaten and raped in order to be forced to sell thier bodies to pay off a non-existent death . Essay after essay encouraged prostitution as ` sex work ' and claims that if only all prostitution were legal there would be no sex-slave trade in young girls and no forced prostitution . This is strange becuase in the Netherlands , where prostitution is legal , it turns out there is just as much sex-slavery and beatings and rape . This book also tries to claim all the talk against prostitution and the sex slave trade is ` racist ' . But how it is racist when Thai girls are sent to ` work ' in Japan and Russian girls sent to Saudi Arabia and Columbian girls to Spain is not clear . It is racist in the sense that rich Europeans , Arabs and Japanese are the buyers , but that is not what the authors wrote.As typical of anything that is examined by academia this text has to dry all things down so nothing is ever what it seems . A woman who is raped at the age of 11 by wealthy ` clients ' and kept chained to a bed for five years until she gets AIDS , this is called ` western sensationalism ' and in addition is described as ` sex work ' and ` debt bondage ' . It is too bad that none of the authors of any of the essays experienced sex work first hand as one of trafficked people.Seth J. Frantzman
 This book falls into the category of way too much ! Sometimes the BRS series is the best thing in the world , and sometimes it just bites . Unfortunally this book falls into the later . It is overwhelming to try and read through . It is ridden with detail after detail that makes it horribly difficult to read . It is n't even feasible to use this book along with class because it would take longer to read through this book then take the class that only last a couple weeks . Getting straight to the point , unless you want to spend insane amounts of time on embryology , do n't bother with this book . Look to the high-yield series for a much better embryology source .
 From the back cover : The American South in the aftermath of the Civil War is a place of ripe promise and bold beginnings as turbulent and passionate as a woman 's love ... Fated lovers brought together across the sea ... tested and tempted in a land struggling to be reborn.Irish rose Kerry O'Day is bravely coping with the death of her beloved mother and the shocking truth that the man who raised her is not her father . Desperate to escape an arranged marriage , she flees to North Carolina to find her real father -- and is shattered to learn he was killed in the Civil War . All that remains is his rundown farm , but Kerry is determined to rebuild her life . Then handsome , mysterious Slade Dillon arrives , staking his claim on her land ... and her heart.Though Slade 's right to the land is irrefutable , the two are ordered by a judge into a rebellious coexistence made all the more stormy by an undeinable attraction that turns days into a class of wills -- and nights into sleepless hours of unfulfilled longing . But when Kerry hires freed slaves and incurs the wrath of local vigilantes , Slade fears for her safety . Now , an unfolding drama of secrets and danger draw him closer to the inescapable truth -- and the knowledge that he will risk his heart and his life to claim a love as powerful as it is undeniable ... And my review : The very reason why another reviewer liked this book is the same reason why I did n't like it . I did n't feel that this was a romance . This was historical fiction with a romance tacked on . The author spent the better part of the book with the hero and heroine apart , and unaware of each other 's existence . She spent so much time setting the stage for the characters , I started to despair of her ever actually beginning the romance . I read romance to watch the sparks fly . That 's pretty difficult when they are n't even on the same continent ! Or even know of each other 's existence!Whether or not you like this book depends on just how much romance you expect from a romance novel . If you do n't mind historical fiction that has a little romance thrown in for extra spice , then you might like this . If you are like me , and want the main focus of the novel to be on the developing relationship between the hero and the heroine , you 're going to be disappointed . Do n't let the cover fool you . The romance aspect of this novel takes forever to get going .
 The information from the 20 's to 40 's I ca n't argue with its the period from the 50 's to the 70 's that they did n't seem to research very well . Its as if they relied on one or to sources for their information
 Condition was much worse than advertised . I threw it away when I got it as it was dirty and worn out , I would n't even consider giving it to my child . It 's too bad , looked like a cute book .
 The book is basically good , but it lacks in two things.One , there are many little mistakes in it that can seriously confuse students . For example , in exercise 4.2.1 -LRB- a -RRB- the author neglects to mention that the density is to be taken as constant , after a whole section in which it is non-constant ; in exercise 5.3.1 , `` partial '' should read `` spatial '' . But more importantly , there is no solutions manual or study guide available for purchase . Such an item would be of tremendous help for students who are stuck and bewildered at some point -LRB- as most will be ! -RRB- ; at present the only way to work past a snag is to re-read the entire section or chapter -LRB- or chapters ! -RRB- until the matter becomes clear . A solutions manual would also allow the student to determine if he/she is doing the exercises correctly by checking his/her answers.I have had considerable difficulty with this product -LRB- I am a student -RRB- . I recognize the great amount of work required to produce a good textbook , and gratefully await the study guide and/or solutions manual .
 I am an undergraduate student taking PDEs now and this is our textbook . Please do n't listen to others who gave this a good review . This book has no concrete organization . The exercises are horrible . And they assume so much . Instead of convincing us that a mathematical step is valid , they ask us to trust them , because the proof is too advanced . The problem with this teaching style is that there is nothing , no logical understanding , to grasp onto , which is what students need to retain something in their brain ! Please if you are a professor using this book , just take a little time during class to ask your students what they think . I guarantee you wont be using this book again .
 Unless you happen to already be a math PhD or child prodigy , do not listen to the 4 and 5 star reviews . For us mere mortals , this is a terrible textbook . Instead of laying out proofs as formulas , almost everything is in paragraph form . In addition , the author has a terrible habit of saying `` Given premise A , one can easily come to conclusion Z '' with no mention of steps B through Y . This is not for the problems marked difficult at the end of the chapter . This is the first thing that he will say at the introduction of a topic . Do yourself a favor and look at Springer 's undergraduate math series books in partial differential equations . Also , you can google `` Paul 's Math Notes '' . This will at least give you the basic introduction you need to understand the heat , lagrange , and wave equations .
 The book tries to `` prove '' the maximum principle resorting to an argument based on steady-state solutions to the Laplace equation . This makes no sense whatsoever because time does not enter the Laplace equation . I found this error so astonishing that I gave up on the text . One can only imagining how confusing a student would find this type of explanation . Maybe it is the only such error in the book ... . but it is hard to believe it has survived to a 4th edition .
 chapter one is all it took for me . no worked out examples . chapter one explains the thoery and what is happening with the heat equation but the problems at the end of the chapter have answers which the text did not tell you how to get . either way , a partial differential equations class requires lots of studying but i recommend not using this book .
 I would n't listen to the other reviews . Coming from a student who 's done very well so far in all his other engineering courses , nothing in this book makes any sense at all . They jump into topics you 've never even heard of , and expect you to know everything right off the bat . There are n't many examples , most of it 's derivation , and the book takes a tone that you are a genious and will understand everything without a concrete explanation . I would n't get this if its not a required text , if I were you .
 Crowley &#65533; s fictionalized account of two druggies who go on a dope spree throughout Europe . When the two run out of money and dope , the fun ends . But then they meet &#65533; King Lamus &#65533; who shows them Thelemic magic , and all is well . The thing is , this is INDEED a work of fiction , and if you try the things mentioned in the book , you will wind up a junkie and a burnout , instead of just an occult geek.Crowley practiced an amalgam religion of all sorts of occult hogwash . His main inspiration came from ancient novel titled &#65533; Gargantua &#65533; by a rebel monk named Rabelais from the 15th century or so . In the novel , the monks only had one commandment
 I bought this for my kindle . I was getting completely engrossed by Crowley 's prose when the thing just ended . I think it was one chapter . It was not a sample , it just isnt the complete book for some reason . Dont buy it .
 The book is very good , it provides a big picture of all the aspects of Enterprise . NET application architecture design and development . At the end of this book , it says : '' To download the complete test application , please visit www.apress.com '' , I realized that I might never be able to download the code . And when I went to apress.com , it just proved what I thought was not wrong
 Those expecting something as vivid and moving as `` My Antonia '' will be sorely disappointed by this book . Ms. Cather was at her worst when she wrote in imitation of earlier lady novelists such as Edith Wharton or Henry James , and the entire first half of this novel concerns the intrigues of a Midwest Brahmin family . During this part there is absolutely no plot , just tedious description and some of the most stilted dialogue ever written . The cardboard characters include the good-natured protagonist , Professor St. James , and his two daughters , one sweet -LRB- Cordelia ? -RRB- and one rapacious -LRB- Goneril ? -RRB- . The bad daughter is lolling in luxury due to the avaricious machinations of her husband , who , naturally , is a Jew - a stereotypical Jew , the worst kind.If that were n't bad enough , when a plot is finally introduced it concerns a preposterous device -LRB- or substance -RRB- called `` the Outland vacuum '' which is said to concern bulkheads and be a boon to aviation . It seems as though the novel will now hinge on the moral issue of who is entitled to the rewards for this great discovery -LRB- the Outland vacuum may also be a gas -RRB- , but I suspect that at this point Ms. Cather realized that she had gone in over her head , and the novel comes to a sudden halt . The next page begins a second novel , about as bad as the first but which takes place among cowboys out West who discover a lost Indian city.Alas , this likewise amounts to little , and we eventually return to the warmhearted professor who comes to the good-ol ' American conclusion that being rich and famous is not all it 's cracked up to be , and real happiness is found among the plain folk.Y ` know , people , just because something is old and ostensibly literature does n't mean it 's really great . My only worry is that schoolkids will be forced to read this - under the theory that classic fiction is `` good '' for them - and they will thus be alienated from reading books because they 're so dull .
 I read My Antonia and loved it so much that I consider it one of my favorite books . And , that 's why I really really really wanted to like this book . But after giving it a chance for about 218 pages , I could n't bear it any longer.The problems I have with this book are as follows :1 -RRB- I understand the book 's plot of the professor trying to find meaning in his life . That 's the book I was looking for . The problem is that the Tom Outland character does not get you there and most of the text of the book is on this character .2 -RRB- Which brings me to my biggest gripe about this book , and Cather in particular . Cather can not , to save her life , write a believable male character . Tom Outland is supposed to be an orphaned boy turned cowboy around the turn of the century , but Cather managed to make him out to be so unbelievably feminine that I found myself in wonder at how little she knows about men . She holds Outland out to be the hero of the story , the inspiration behind the Professor 's motivation . That 's fine , but if I 'm supposed to conclude the Professor part of the story , then I have to buy Outland 's character and it 's just not possible . Here are some examples of Cather not being believable : a -RRB- When she describes Tom Outland 's hands through the professor 's eyes , she describes them as beautiful and delicate . Worse still , she bothers to describe them in detail . Men do n't do that.b -RRB- Around page 218 when she begins Outland 's tirade against Blake she makes Outland sound off like a nagging wife about how Blake should n't have sold the pottery etc. . Men do n't argue this way with friends ; they do n't have hissy fits - they stay quiet!c -RRB- After the argument in -LRB- b -RRB- above , as Blake leaves the scene , she describes Outland wishing to run after him and hold him in his arms . Men just do n't think like that.d -RRB- When Outland is in Washington D.C. trying to get people to take interest in the pottery he discovered , he lets himself get ignored , disrespected , and he waits by tolerantly while being stepped on by people in positions of power . That 's not a description of a turn of the century orphaned cowboy ; that 's a description of a turn of the century well-to-do woman of society - the only world Cather appears to know.e -RRB- Whenever Tom Outland meets other men in his life as a cowboy , they are always really `` nice and pleasant '' . Indeed they are overly accommodating . Huh ? I could see cowboys being really respectful and accommodating to a beautiful woman of society -LRB- like Cather -RRB- but an orphaned cowboy ? She just puts too much of herself in this character . I could n't buy it .3 -RRB- Now before reviewers think my gripes are based on some sort of homophobia , let me just say that if it had been a story about men in love with each other , I would have accepted that as at least being believable . But that 's not Cather 's intention . Outland ends up marrying the professor 's daughter . Is Cather trying to send out a bisexual message of some kind ? Was the professor gay ? The text just does not support any kind of homosexual message either explicitly or implicitly .4 -RRB- Cather plays out Outland to be this super human being . Indeed he is the inspiration to the Professor and all the other characters in the book . But if that 's the case , why is he on the wrong side of the moral debate on the Dreyfus affair ? Cather wrote this book in 1925 ; twenty five years after all the facts had already come out on that case and yet Cather has Outland take the side of bigots ? 5 -RRB- In Outland 's tirade against Blake , Outland chews him out for selling ancient pottery belonging to native Indian tribes . Earlier in the book it 's concluded that the tribe was decimated by outsiders . In chastising Blake , Outland declares that Blake was wrong to sell the pottery because it was not his . He says that the pottery belongs to his country , to the State etc. . That 's the best our hero can do ? Would n't the right thing to do be to leave the ruins to themselves and not dig up the belongings of the decimated people - i.e. let them rest in peace?Anyway , I was sorely disappointed . I gave The Professor 's House one star more than it deserves only because My Antonia deserves six .
 Whatever you do , do not purchase this edition of `` The Professor 's House . '' As stated in other reviews , it truly appears that they -LRB- whoever put this together -RRB- never once considered hiring an editor or going through the work themselves . There are no chapter headings , weird paragraphs , symbols replacing foreign letters , and grammar and punctuation errors all over . I regret getting this edition .
 I needed this for a class and thought I 'd save myself a few bucks by getting this edition ; I was pleasantly surprised by how cheap it was , but you get what you pay for . It is loaded with typos and editing and formatting errors . The straw that broke the camel 's back came when I encountered -- without explanation -- a several-page section of the book printed twice in a row . This leads me to fear that some parts may have actually been left out ! Not sure what the deal is , or why this is so carelessly printed . I imagine that the copyright expired and the publishers payed some undergraduate to transcribe an older version into a Microsoft Word document which they printed in cheap paperback without going over it beforehand . If you 're considering buying it , do n't . The inconvenience and unreliability is not worth saving several dollars . -LRB- Please note
 The book itself was quite good . The edition from this publisher was a disgrace to the world of publishing . All diacritics -LRB- accent grave , tildas , etc. -RRB- were replaced with random ASCII characters . The numbered chapters from earlier printed versions were omitted . At one point , 10 pages were just repeated . I read this for my book club and based on the conversations in that group , and comparisons with other editions , I 'm not even sure that all of the original text was present . I will never knowingly buy anything else from this publisher . And as a Virginian , I 'm embarrassed that they make their home in my state . Caveat emptor !
 The novel itself is marvelous , but this edition is horrendous :1 . The format is completely unreadable . There are no chapters or dividers or anything , which takes away from the reading experience in the `` real '' novel .2 . It is not edited ! There are multiple spelling/grammatical mistakes , and there is one section that is printed twice.I really think this version is pirated . Do not buy it . It ruins the book .
 Great book , but avoid the Wilder Publications edition . Not only does it contain excessive typos , but it is missing the epigraph and chapter breaks/titles . I got this book for a class , and it was virtually impossible to follow along with any of the other editions .
 While the product arrived on time and in excellent condition the actual edition of the book is a terrible choice . Not only were there an outrageous amount of typos but some of the pages were actual reprints of previous pages . This made it a difficult text to read .
 I ordered several books from this publisher by Willa Cather . While the other two books seem to have no problems , other than appearing different than the average book , `` The Professor 's House '' was a huge mess . I had to read this book for my graduate class , and did n't find out until class that there were chapters in the book . The book I received had no chapter numbers , no section titles except for the first page . There was no epigraph , which is important to the novel . There were random keyboard characters inserted into random words , such as a copyright symbol or greek letters . I do not recommend this publisher .
 Please note that this review is on the edition and not the book.Do not buy the edition published by `` Wilder Publications LLC . '' It is full of grammatical and typographical errors . There is no reason that Amazon should carry books published by this company , which is seemingly a print-on-demand outfit .
 As much as I loved reading this novel , I ca n't stand this edition . The publisher seems to have written the text in about three minutes flat
 This review is about the edition , not the book.I made the mistake of ordering this edition for my class , thinking to save them money . Now I have no idea how I 'm going to keep them on the same page -LRB- and I mean that quite literally -RRB- . The Wilder edition is full of misprints and errors . An entire chapter is repeated twice ! The editing is so incompetent that it makes the book painful to read.The novel itself is wonderful , but please give your money to a more responsible publisher .
 I purchased this e-book seeing its overall rating being more than 50 % , which is unacceptable . Typos are everywhere , accent marks are not done correctly and make words look like gibberish , and a whole chapter is repeated twice . And on top of that , the sections are not broken down into chapters like the actual book is , so good luck finding the `` correct '' resting spot . Spend a few more dollars on a proper version of this book . This publisher deserves to go out of business .
 Jane Everett and Cash Langley argue from sunup to sundown ! Hurry and find a copy of Lyn Cote 's story if this type of behavior is a turn-on ... MaryGrace Meloche
 I would hardly call a pile of papers stapled together a `` paperback . '' The description was poorly worded and made me think I was getting something that I was n't actually getting .
 I thought that this book was going to be about getting in touch with your own creativity . It was n't . It was basically a book about `` tricks and tips of the trade . '' That has its uses too , but it was n't what I was looking for . The title of this book is so misleading that I feel I did not get my money 's worth . I would highly recommend `` Writing from the inside out '' instead . Sometimes you have to go through several books before you find one that really is useful . ...
 a capital affair by mike fin
 I 've liked all other Gwynne Forster books I 've read , but this one ... I did not like . I felt Veronica and Schyler were to stiff and formal , the story plot had alot of potential but fell very short of my expectations , and I could not understand how Veronica could not openly blame her mother and stepfather for what they 'd done . I 'll continue to keep reading and rereading Ms. Forster 's books , but will not reread this one .
 This was the most HORRIBLE story ! The way the characters spoke and the phrases the author chose were cliche and overly sappy . I felt like the parts the author should have fleshed out we 're vague and for people in their thirtys who are so honest the way they dealt with one another was ridiculous . I especially could n't stand how Veronica related to her bio dad . A man you 've never known and you call him father right off the bat ??? Um no . I would not recommend this book to anyone ! Ever !
 Gwynne Forster is a hit or miss author . This book was definitely a miss . I could n't believe it took the whole book before she asked for the truth . It had ok moments but overall boring .
 This is a re-read for me , originally read 11/2010 . It was really painful to read . Although the attraction was written on the pages between Schyler and Veronica I just could n't feel the chemistry when reading it . I also think the characters were written way beyond their years . Veronica was only 32 , and Schyler 36 and he said things like : `` I 'm a man who believes in making people live up to their notices , and I 've got a fistful of yours . You with me ? `` and `` I go for a woman who has a hearty appetite and does n't pick over the food . It doubles my pleasure in her company `` I know this book was originally published in 2000 , but I do n't think women would go for these lines then or now . Veronica had some awful punchlines as well . The 2nd time around I tried really hard , but just could n't force myself to finish this one . Too bad though , because the story had a lot of potential to be a really good love story .
 I 'm really in two minds about this book.The title suggests that it is a book about hieroglyphs , and a quick look through it seems to confirm that impression . On reading the book , however , it turns out that only the 1-consonant form is covered , there 's nothing about determinatives -LRB- really ? -RRB- , there is no grammar to speak of , and that the illustrations from Egyptian inscriptions , although translated , are seldom if ever described in the detail I think a student needs -LRB- such as the variant writing Djedju for Djedu , which had me puzzled until I read Collier and Manley 's book ` How to read Egyptian ' , which may be more suited to a reader who wants to get involved with the language rather than the letters or symbols it is written with -RRB- . Most chapters have tables with common words or terms in hieroglyphs -LRB- usually related to the topics covered in that chapter -RRB-
 Not an excellent economist . Galbraith 's style and ease of readability is almost second to none but there is little substance in this book . I would recommend Mises , Rothbard , or Hayek to any interested in economics . I will say this however , you ca n't know what you disagree with , nor why you do , if you do n't read their work.With that said though the rating I gave was low I do think it is a necessary purchase and read so that one can make themselves familiar with many of the flawed arguments they will come into contact with.A biased or selective reader is a limited in knowledge .
 The author claimed there are coupons , I did buy it used , but no coupons were included . The section on camoflage was almost Identical to another book by another author -LRB- It was either blackjack secrets by Wong or Turning the tables by anderson -RRB- I wouldnt waste my time with this book . American Casino guide has the best coupons for the money . Second place is Las Vegas advisor , which is included in a $ 37 subscription . If they sold the book for $ 15 , i 'd buy it.Million dollar Blackjack , Turning the tables on Las Vegas , the Video `` Blackjack science '' , shuffle tracking cookbook are the best . Beyond counting is great if you can find it for less than ten times the retail price . Blackjack Secrets and Professional Blackjack by stanford Wong are almost the same book . A few differences . Knockout blackjack , Caro 's book of tells and blackjack blackbelt are a waste of money .
 Max Rubin is pathetic . I ca n't believe I bought this book . He would likely pull gum off the bottom of park bench and be proud of himself for finding a way to get free candy.First of all , he is way wrong with his numbers . He must play at the dingiest casinos because he thinks betting $ 200 per hand makes you a high roller . It does n't , it makes you perhaps a premium player but you 'll be fairly limited as to what you can get comped at the nicer hotels.Second , do you want to spend your vacation hustling a few dollars like a common beggar ?
 This is an entertaining read and almost certainly the most comprehensive work on the subject . But the fundamental premise -LRB- basically
 There 's no point in wasting your money on this if you do n't like blackjack . 90 % of the book is based on blackjack play . If you play slots , for example , the advice is very limited and is mostly common sense - sign up for the slot club and you 'll get discounted rooms . Do n't sign up and you 'll still get free drinks . That 's about it . There 's a whole section on why everything except blackjack stinks.If you like blackjack and play well , there are some interesting ways of trying to make the casinos think you play more than you do . Some will make you look like an idiot at the tables , but that 's all part of the scam . Your main goal will be to slow down the game for everyone at the table so it looks like you play more per hour than you do.Some of the stories in the book are entertaining , and it did make me chuckle here and there , but there 's nothing very original here . If you play $ 25 + hands of blackjack , bet huge when the `` bosses '' are around , and slow the game down as much as possible , you might have a shot at some decent comps . Bribe -LRB- Tip ! -RRB- some of the employees if you can , and your odds of getting comps go up . Who would have guessed?The best advice I got out of it is that if you do n't ask for comps , they wo n't give them to you . I 'm one of the people who goes to casinos to relax , not to stalk the employees at 3 in the morning to bribe them with buffets from the hotel next door , so I 'll probably never get that free hotel room . Ah well !
 The convoluted premise of the book is that you should obnoxiously badger the casino into giving you comps while endlessly playing Blackjack and feigning large bets . Assuming you have no shame and find a casino that will put up with such antics , the sophomoric author promises that your expected mathematical losses will eventually be offset by getting free meals and hotel rooms . A lot of sordid effort for a small return - bon appetite !
 This book was really a disappointment ! We go to Las Vegas frequently and do take advantage of many legitimate comps offered by the casinos . I had hoped this book could give me some further insight into the intricacies of the comp system . Unfortunately , Max Rubin has written a book about squeezing the system dry.Some of his topics include `` Feeding 4 with a comp for only 2 '' - this sections includes bribing the waitress with $ 5 and ask her if it is ok for your guests to `` taste '' your food . He says tomake sure you order plenty of appetizers so you will have empty plates for your guests ' portions of the food.He says that if you are being comped for Room , Food and Beverages , never leave the hotel without taking home at least a couple of extra bottles of booze or champagne . This is not taking advantage of comps , this is stealing.He also says that if you are offered free tickets to a fight , do n't worry if you are not a fan of boxing . He says to take the freebies and resell them and then he says `` you 're on your way '' . A really poor book . Not at all what I expected .
 I 'm not sure if I 'm reading the same book as the one read by all the ` positive ' reviewers here . What I was hoping for when I ordered , was some insight into how someone with a relatively small -LRB- at least in the casino 's eyes -RRB- bankroll could find places to exploit the comp systems at the casinos . Instead , I found the book was 90 % geared towards ` high-rollers ' who would be able to play blackjack for hours at $ 100 per hand.In my casino experiences , if you have the bankroll to play at that level , a -RRB- you have enough money that comps do n't matter and/or b -RRB- the casino will make certain that you get the ` attention ' you deserve.There was nothing that I found useful for the smaller player . Things mentioned are common sense to most players .
 I was referred by a friend to buy this book . When I got it , it was n't what I expected . It 's high level religious studies type of literature which is fine if that 's what you expected . I asked for a refund or exchange , but the seller wanted me to refuse the shipment or send it back in the original packaging . Since it was a couple of days later that was impossible . She inferred I was lying to her , and said that if I returned it and it was n't in perfect condition as it was sent to me in , that she would n't give me full credit . I could see where that was going , so I did n't return it . I would n't buy from this seller again . Very rude !
 This is outdated scholarship that continues to be reprinted because it is trendy and publishers can make money . Raphael Patai is not a `` noted scholar '' , but a learned rabbi whose understanding of the topic is based on comparative religion models from the turn of the last century . He is an amateur who has done some research and woven a popular account on a trendy topic . For a noted scholar 's popular account , people should read Dever 's Did God Have a Wife ? A much better book by a much more qualified author . Or , get Carol Meyers book , Households and Holiness
 Of the many books by John Keegan that I have read , this is by far the least enjoyable . Two stars is probably a harsh assessment , but there are a few points that annoy me greatly about the book , and overshadow the scholarship and insight that are also present in significant quantities.First , the positive . As usual , Keegan looks for parallels and contrasts in defining historical people , places , or battles . In this book he analyses the geography of North America and describes 4 wars on its soil in terms of the limitations and opportunities offered by key strategic points . The wars include those between English and French about Quebec , the American Revolution , the Civil War 's Penninsular campaign , and the wars of extermination of the Native Peoples in the Plains territories -LRB- including Custer 's Last Stand -RRB- . He convincingly argues that the twin keys to North America are the St. Lawrence/Lake Champlain/Hudson River corridor and the extended Mississippi watershed -LRB- of course , these are connected through portages/canals -RRB- . Of course , such a dry description does not do justice to Keegan 's fine writing style that brings alive the geography , the society , and the battles themselves.And yet ... . All the fine analysis is for naught . Keegan does normally inject a certain amount of his personal opinion and direct observation of battlefields and locations that he 's personally visited . However , in this book , it is taken to an extreme . The first 65 -LRB- ! -RRB- pages are a meandering , self-indulgent account of vacations he 's taken in the U.S. and Canada , ostensibly to describe the geography , but redundently because he rehashes it all in the chapters dealing with the specific wars . Worse still , it 's dull . The next few chapters perk up considerably , especially that describing the Civil War . However , it 's all ruined again by his unbelievable defense of the genocide commited by the U.S. -LRB- and Britain/Canada , for that matter , but he focusses on the U.S. in this book -RRB- on their native populations . He seems to justify his stance by calling the Natives `` selfish '' for wanting to maintain their way of life and low population density . My jaw dropped in disbelief when I read it ! That 's like justifying Hitler 's invasion of Poland -LRB- and his attempted genocide of its people -RRB- because Germany needed `` liebensraum . `` So , unfortunately , I can not endorse this book , in spite of its many good points . Pick up Keegan 's Face of Battle or Mask of Command for examples of his penetrating insight . Steer clear of this one -LRB- not difficult since it 's currently out of print -RRB- .
 it 's a good book for people who want to know the simplest method for growing the mushrooms . it 's only dedicate to Stropharia cubensis .
 I stupidly ordered a book that does n't have the info I was looking for.Not interested in ` magic mushrooms ' . Ca n't believe I made such a foolish mistake .
 Good book but it 's outdated . This book uses a method that nobody uses anymore . Google for `` the PF tek '' to learn the easiest way to grow mushrooms with good yield and for cheap using readily available materials like brown rice , distilled water and jars , without the need for a pressure cooker.There are better methods like spawning to horse manure , casing with Miracle Grow Moisture Control and so forth . You can find more info on The Shroomery -LRB- google it -RRB- forums .
 I purchased this item and to my surprise it was horrible . All the hype associated with it . Then when trying to get a refund because the item was so out of date I got nothing back . It is a rip off folks . Most of the information on this is incorrect . The websites dont exist and half the clubs listed in the venues directory have been closed to date . This book is close to 3 years old and is tauted as being updated . It is not true . Save your money and find other means ...
 I found this book as disappointing as The Prayer of Jabez book . I also felt I was re-reading sections from her husband 's book in her book ; his words were just changed around a bit . There was nothing new nor were any original ideas presented in the book.She makes reference on why God loves to answer such a prayer as the Jabez prayer . Does that mean that God does not answer other kinds of prayers , and only chooses `` prayers such as ... ? '' I think not . She talks of women being very fearful and giving up on miracles in their lives . Well , thoughts have energy and if one constantly thinks fearful thoughts , then fear shows up in our lives . If one does not believe in miracles happening , then they wo n't . Ernest Holmes , in his ministry , stated , `` Change your thoughts , change your life . '' Jesus was able to do what he did , not only because of his faith , but also because of the power of his thoughts . Faith is a huge concept.The feeling I get after reading this book is that if one says this prayer then the miracles unfold . If one does n't believe , or is skeptical , or has negative thoughts , their lives will not change . The author also talks about supporting one 's husband . How about the husband supporting his wife 's career ? It works both ways and spousal support is not just `` one '' way . Have I stepped back into the 50 's here ? Satan is also mentioned in her book , which , in my review of the Prayer of Jabez , is getting old . We have free will , which God has given us . Our choices need to be held accountable by the person who made them and not blamed on someone else.She also makes reference that we have to realize that Jesus died for payment our sins and once we accept that we are saved . I think not . God 's Spirit is with us always and if one does or does not accept the above statement , it does not mean that God will not bless us . We are God 's expression on earth . We are already whole and complete and we are loved always . I am really tired of reading `` Christian '' books where the guilt it constantly laid on . This book also does not talk about a forgiving and loving God , which is very disappointing.She also talks ad nauseum on fear , on women 's fears . Sure we all have fears , but again we either give into them or change them . It makes me wonder that as a minister 's wife , she is so filled with fear , where is her supportative husband ? Does she feel that insecure ? Has her husband not helped to boost her self-confidence or has she been put down and made to feel insecure . Makes one wonder.This book was just as bad as the original , if not worse . Another disappointment .
 Small makes a few valid points , but he seems too closed-minded . He critizes Western music too much and sometimes his arguments are just plain stupid .
 The first part of this book kept me reading , when it got to the trial it turned into a big brag fest about the author , who was also the prosecutor . It turned into all about him and what he did , like he was patting himself on the back it was n't about the victims at the end but all about him .
 I ca n't actually say I `` read '' this book as I skipped several sections and got to the end as quickly as possibly . What I did read confirmed my initial fear
 I was looking for a parallel NRSV-NIV Bible , and was excited when Ifound this one because I thought it would give me the chance to reviewand enhance my college Greek as well.My excitement turned todisappointment when I opened the book and saw its tiny print andespecially the poor print quality of the interlineartranslation . Rather than put the NRSV and NIV on one page and theinterlinear on the facing page , each page contains all threetranslations . This means that all the English is in 6-point type , withsuperscripts and footnotes in 3 - or 4-point . The NRSV and NIV wereobviously re-set for this edition and are still readable , but theinterlinear appears to have been photocopied , manually cut and pasted , and then reduced . There are obvious variations in type weight on thesame page -LRB- e.g. pp. 140 , 389 -RRB- , many characters are smudged or blurred , the superscripts are little more than tiny blobs , footnotes are oftenskewed from the text -LRB- pp. 346 , 393 -RRB- , text columns themselves aresometimes skewed -LRB- p. 399 -RRB- , and in one case the edge of the pastedpaper is visible above the footnote -LRB- p. 350 -RRB- . In all , it exhibits thequality of a poor fax , not of a scholarly publication.It took quitesome research to determine that the Greek text , from the 21st editionof Novum Testamentum Graece , dates back to 1952 . This is six editionsand 41 years behind the current 27th edition from 1993 . I lookforward to the day when I can buy a readable NIV-NRSV-interlinearGreek Bible , including a current version of the Greek text . This isnot that book .
 Chancer attempts to mediate between two sides of feminism , those arguing against potentially patriarchal-based activities like pornography and sadomasochism and those arguing that pornography and the like present an opportunity for sexual liberation and cultural growth . She successfully presents both sides of the arguments by summarizing the work of other scholars.But
 Not sure about the author 's agenda in writing the book - I just left like I was reading the TV version of a Survivor episode.There are many other books better able to offer Leadership theory .
 eBook downloaded free from Gutenberg . Collection of short stories featuring mostly family events.While some of the stories had mildly amusing endings , none were particularly interesting . I got halfway through , thinking there would surely be a gripping storyline in here somewhere . There was n't , and I quit . The title had NO connection to anything in the book . There were some minor spelling/grammar errors but nothing major .
 This book does not address current survival situations -LRB- Natural or manmade -RRB- . I recommend a book which would be fresh and offer tips on urban and rural survival as most will not have access to wilderness to `` live off the land '' . Mr. Ron Foster offers a guide of firsthand knowledge -LRB- he is a first responder and trainer of such -RRB- that could save your life wherever you live when catastrophy hits without tons of survival gear . Just google Rural Ranger and read about it . Amazon carries it also . BE PREPARED PROPERLY!Seriously , David Highum
 This is a very slow book . The idea of resolving two crime cases many years apart is intriguing . This book suffers from to much text . It is slow and difficult to slog through .
 How do you rate good imagination but but so poorly related ? I kept thinking it would pick up its pace . The pace picked up after half way through then settled back to a numbing pace . I loved the ideas of the two unrelated stories which combined lafer on . I liked the character depth . The handling of some sensitive topics were done well . Lets just say this story put in the hands of a different writer who could grab you off the pages and keep you compelled would be great . If you need something kinda interesting before you go to sleep this book is for you , it will not keep you up late . I fell asleep reading it a few days in a row .
 I thought I was going to like this book , it has an interesting start but early in the second chapter I deleted the book from my Kindle and was glad I didnt pay for it . I was repulsed by several pages written with detailed description of the pick up and rape of young boy by a pedophile . I cant patronize an author that seems a little too intimate and comfortable writing in this way , it is not necessary . Could be a good book but I will never know .
 Thought this would be a great book but it turned my stomach very quickly ! I stopped reading as soon as I realized child molestation was about to happen !!! Thankful it was free & I 've deleted it quickly !
 Full Disclosure
 The story jumps around too much and does not connect well . I am reading it now and am having a hard time getting through it .
 I 'm so sad about this book . I was really looking forward to reading it . However , the writing was so distracting because of incomplete sentences and poor punctuation , I could not get thru the first chapter . This obviously British author either tried to reinvent proper English -LRB- mistaking it for his ` literary style ' , or he never bothered learning it in the first place ! I wish I could have gotten further into the story to at least be able to comment on it , but his grammar style was just too distracting . Needless to say , I am just happy I did n't spend good money for this book .
 Typically , I would never leave a review based on a single experience . I prefer to give people the benefit of the doubt . This , however , is an exception . I have been driven to take the time to write a review -LRB- which I almost never do -RRB- because I recently made a stuffed eggplant dish from a recipe included in this book . First , the recipe called for 6lb of eggplant . The quantity demanded by the recipe is n't the problem . The issue is that Ms. Hoffman calls for this massive amount of eggplant to be placed in a 12in skillet - along with 1lb of ground beef . Those that are experienced cooks -LRB- or even those that are not that experienced -RRB- will know that 1lb of ground beef fills up a 12in pan quite sufficiently . There is no room for 1lb of eggplant , let alone 6 . I had to painstakingly remove the eggplant from the skillet and place it in a 2qt saucepan to be cooked.My misadventure with Greek cooking continued when I had finished cooking the eggplant . The 2c of crushed tomatoes called for by the recipe were completely reduced and consumed . I had to add 2c more based on my better judgement . When the eggplant was finally ready , I scanned the recipe again and again for when I was supposed to add the eggplant to create the stuffed eggplant . There was , in fact , no mention of when to stuff the eggplant shells . I ask you , how does one write a recipe for stuffed eggplant and fail to let the reader know when to stuff the eggplant?I am forced to conclude that Ms. Hoffman never made this dish , though she implies that she has , given that it is included in a cookbook that she purports to have written . This is more than just irresponsible . It suggests an inattention to detail and a disregard for those who , in good faith , purchase her book . As a chef myself , I would never write a cookbook that includes a recipe that I never used . To do so would suggest that I did not care about my readers . I strongly believe this is the message Ms. Hoffman is conveying to me and all others who purchase her book . I find this unacceptable and I hope you will join me in holding Ms. Hoffman accountable by opting to choose a cookbook written by a different author -LRB- Milona 's Culinaria Greece is fantastic -RRB- . Culinaria Greece
 Reading Wells ' biography , I think I understand where he came from and why he wrote what he did.Wells ' parents were at best lower middle class and had n't a clue how to get on in the world . Joseph went from gardening to playing part-time professional cricket and keeping a shop that ultimately failed . From working in service , Sarah became a home-maker and , when the shop failed , became a ladies ' maid who could contribute financially but not personally to the household . She was not allowed to have her children or husband in the house where she worked.Wells failed at a couple of jobs including being a chemist -LRB- pharmacist to us Yanks -RRB- and he also let a scholarship slip through his fingers . When he finally graduated , he had no connections that could help him find a job , but he married anyway -- twice within five years.His book is full of economic impracticalities and dreamy hopes for a future in which everybody will suddenly `` come to Jesus '' only to him `` Jesus '' is socialism and obeying a world government.It is also full of Victorian prejudice -LRB- e.g. against Raven -RRB- and myopia , as well as socialist unrealism . He had just come to realize that Stalin was a dictator , not a champion of socialism . He talks about Hitler as if Wells believed the man to be nothing more than a speech-maker . An English translation of Mein Kampf came out a couple of years before Shape was published . Wells either did n't read it or , like some who did , failed to realize that what Hitler did to come to power tracked with the book.Another coincidence is that oil was discovered in the Middle East just as Wells published , and Iraq and Kuwait became independent about the same time . The value of oil to the Axis and Allied powers can not be underestimated , and Wells would never have described the West as choosing Basra for his world conferences had he paid attention to the headlines or been able to grasp the possibilities of the two events . That once again comes down to his limited understanding of economics and to a Victorian view of every nation in the world except the European ones.The lesson here is that histories written from a fictional future stance do n't work . To make them work , the author has to have a grasp of all the main currents contributing to the Shape of Things to Come . Who has that ? Wells certainly did n't .
 A mix of past history , plus a load of wildly inaccurate predictions presented as if this so-called novel was some kind of history book published in the 21st century . Wells acknowledges J.W. Dunne 's Experiment with Time . It 's not clear if this book was the outcome of Wells attempting to follow Dunne 's technique in that book , or whether he saw himself as some kind of modern day Mother Shipton . Anyway , the only thing he gets nearly right is the outbreak of another war , which he predicts as starting in 1940 . One example of the inaccuracies is that he states Poland would declare war on Germany and that the Poles would heavily bomb Berlin so that it would be like a primitive village afterwards . Elsewhere , he speaks highly of Lenin and goes on about the modern state being in control of life . In his Experiment in Autobiography he says he `` took great pains to make it as exciting and readable as anything I have ever done '' . It nearly sent me to sleep .
 I love several of HG Wells novels . The First Men in the Moon , the War in the Air , the Time Machine are some of my favorite literary works . Unfortunately , many of his later works were full of Fabian Socialist Utopian ideas that essentially say if the stupid masses would just get out of the way and the `` right people '' were to make decisions for everyone , the world would be a great place . Of course , in novels , these people never want anything but the greater good . Of course , in reality , everyone who espouses these ideals , such as the aforementioned Soros , really want wealth and power for themselves . As a result , this is a simpleminded and boring approach to a future history novel . If it were n't written by HG Wells , probably no one would pick it up . While the movie made from this book , `` Things to Come '' , is worth watching , do n't waste your time with this preachy and silly book .
 I ordered this book in spanish because I am learning Spanish . I received an English version of the book . I was very disappointed .
 Another one of those parrot books and advice that just does not work in the real world .
 When I bought this book I thought I was buying a book that would help me teach my parrot to talk . Although I do know that there are no guarantees about which bird will talk and what method works , I wanted tips and advice on how to help my parrot learn.This books gives no such information . It covers why parrots talk , which parrots talk and lots of stories about talking parrots , but no real information on teaching my bird to talk . The only chapter I liked was the one about the Model/Rival-method , which is a detailed chapter on teaching a parrot to talk with cognition , understanding the words it uses . However , the bird must alredy be talking for this method to work.What I wanted was an answer to these questions
 After I read the book cover to cover , I had to figure out if I missed the chapter where it specifically teaches you to give talking lessons to your bird . I went back and looked , and I had n't . While the book covers a lot of ground , it uses anecdotes of other parrot owners examples of bird 's talking . And basically all it teaches you is that when the bird starts to talk , to reward it for this behaviour . There are no step-by-step instructions on teaching your bird to talk , which is what I was expecting , given the title . In fact , this book beats around the bush too much , and while it gives you a some information on pet birds , nutritional guides , how and why they make sounds and talk , and mentions trick training , it does NOT give you a lot of information on how professionals train birds to talk . It does briefly explain the Model / Rival method of Irene Pepperburg , but it suggests that if you want to use this method , that you should further study it . All in all , this is a pretty good parrot book , but it DOES NOT go in depth about how to teach your bird to talk . The book comes off as patronizing in some ways , as it wants to teach you how to keep a pet bird , which should be something you 've already learned to do before reading this book . A book called `` Teaching Your Bird to Talk '' should do just that .
 Once upon a time , there was Superman . And he was n't invincible , he could n't fly , and he was n't infinitely strong . He was n't even entirely bullet-proof , he relied more on his speed than his armored hide to keep from getting shot by ... gangsters.Yep , that 's right , he was n't always fighting bizarre aliens , giant robots , or mad scientists . He even defeated such prosaic criminals as the mastermind of a car-stealing ring . And life was good , because he was a character who could have interesting stories written about him.Then began the superhero wars of the late 1930s when every cartoonist was trying to one up their competitors by making their superhero characters that much stronger , faster , more capable . Of course you need equally-invincible enemies to make any sort of a story , and pretty soon you end up with Utterly Invincible Being who gets trapped by a ludicrous plot device
 in 2008 , this work is primarily of historical interest . simon suggests a scientific approach to design , claiming one has existed since the mid-1970 's - in retrospect , a highly suspect if not thoroughly rejected claimregardless , simon was a visionary and some of his insight is still relevant . the focus on the `` outer environment '' - the context of usage - to navigate the space of possible designs is a foundation of contemporary design dogma . similarly , attention to the natural cognitive capabilities of human beings -LRB- short term memory , importance/difficulty of interruptions , etc -RRB- finds a warm home in current human-centered design practicesotherwise , without notable exception , the `` examples '' are abstract , ridiculous and/or hackneyed caricatures . the language is abstract , wordy , repetitive , and difficult to follow . simon writes with a computer scientist 's sensitivity to humanity , using identical terms to describe both a computer 's information-processing and a human 's intelligence -LRB- eg , p110 , `` a scientific account of human cognition describes it in terms of several sets of invariants . first , there are the parameters of the inner environment . then , there are the general control and search-guiding mechanisms that are used over and over again in all task domains ... '' -RRB- . the work exhibits a techno-fetishist 's faith in the power of computers and software - referencing them repeatedly -LRB- and unbelievably -RRB- to explain how human intelligence worksi only recommend this book to someone interested in the history of design and/or technology . for purposes of learning about design , i highly recommend something newer and better
 This book is very slow moving . You must be truely concerned with the matter he is talking about to actually understand or even want to read it .
 I do love baseball books that look at a season especially one of a team with such interesting players as Cesar Tovar , Tony Oliva and Harmon Killebrew . Plus I thought I could finally find out just who this Zoilo Versalles guy is who won the AL MVP in 1965 . Sadly , this book is beyond flat . I did n't find the writing at all engaging . Maybe it 's the team itself . I mean , there really were n't a lot of characters despite many of the players who had character.I 've also got to say I 'm not having much luck with books on Minnesota 's pro sports teams as the Klobuchar book -LRB- Knights and Knaves of Autumn -RRB- on the Vikings also did zip for me .
 It 's very educational but the contents ... yuck . I want a book to INSPIRE me to USE the program i 'm learning , this book has text that 'll put you to SLEEP and illustrations a five-year old could have done better . The only thing that keeps me from giving it an `` ABSOLUTE SUCKS '' review is that you ACTUALLY -LRB- ! -RRB- learn from this book , so if you buy this you 'd better be stubborn about learning Flash , otherwise i 'd wait until a better , more creatively inspiring book comes along . Learning
 While `` Penguin Classics '' are generally reliable when it comes to editions , paper-type , or publications in general , with Ibsen 's masterful plays , it falls pitifully short in terms of collection . This collection gives us three plays - one less than the usual four per collection that can be found . While this may overall seem like quite a bit , it is not , in fact , worth much.Yes , `` A Doll 's House '' is still the intriguing , fascinating play it always is . As a play , `` A Doll 's House '' is highly recommended . Just do n't get it HERE . Why ? Well , mostly because of what ELSE is offered . The first play here is the strange , confusing `` League of Youth '' . It unfortunately did not reach Ibsen 's level of mastery as found in the later plays . Too many characters and nothing particularly interesting just had the play stop and stall.While all of Ibsen 's plays are worth purchasing -LRB- if only for study -RRB- , the problem here is the edition . For the same price -LRB- or less -RRB- , one can get `` A Doll 's House '' with much better plays with four per collection . A personal recommendation is that of Oxford 's World Classics , mostly due to the presence of the incredible `` Ghosts '' . Signet Classics also has an edition , for those who want something cheap and easy , though it has `` The Wild Duck '' -LRB- not as good as `` Ghosts '' , but still so much better than `` League of Youth '' -RRB- . Both editions also have `` Hedda Gabler '' and `` The Master Builder '' . When given a choice between four plays or three , four is preferred , especially when they are the better works.Turn elsewhere .
 This offering from the queen of lesbian romance is pretty disappointing . As a long time reader , I 'm used to very appealing characters that you can route for all the way . The main character here is rather dull as is the dialogue - Gran was the most character interesting by far .
 This book is without the illustrations . Useless . It seems almost fraudulent to pretend to publish a book about pictures and which references the pictures in the text , then not include the pictures.What the heck are they trying to do?Don ' t waste your time or money , go to woodblock.com if you want to find out about Japanese prints , Its free and complete .
 I bought this book when I joined a lacemaking guild thinking it was a great beginners book that would help with my learning ; I was wrong . My teacher said , `` it is worth having , do n't get me wrong , just do n't pay attention to what she tells you . `` First off the stitch terminologies used are completely different than those used in the greater lace making community . So , as one other reviewer pointed out , all other books and prickings will `` read '' differently . You may end up confused and frustrated.Second , all the patterns require the use of heavier linen threads . This makes the finished lace thick and coarse . Honestly most lace makers I know prefer fine cotton or silk threads over linen , also cotton and silk is infinitely more available . The text provides no alternatives to the linen thread ; which I feel a `` beginners '' book should . I 've had to invest a lot of time into recalculating the thread weights and/or reducing the pricking sizes of the patterns . There is another great book that helps with this `` Threads for Lace '' a Must must have if you want to get serious about lace making.Third , there is n't a variety of lace styles . They all seem to be Torchon styles and I 've found that I much prefer tape laces -LRB- Idrija , cantu , etc. -RRB- as a beginner . That is taste I know , but it would have been nice to have some tape lace option in a book for beginners as they are simple and use fewer bobbins.I would recommend Jean Jagendorf 's books for the best guide to learning bobbin lace - she really knows her stuff and actively teaches .
 Like so much travelling these days under the fashionable banner of `` post-modernism , '' Baudrillard and his ilk fuel the arrogant irrelevancy that has reached epidemic proportions in the lower reaches of the Humanities , exemplified by that most dubious of ` disciplines , ' `` cultural studies . '' A no less fashionable curative to this pretentious non-sense is the -LRB- otherwise , but much more fruitfully , problematic -RRB- work of Richard Rorty , particularly his widely-read book , CONTINGENCY , IRONY AND SOLIDARITY .
 I purchased the book `` Multirate Signal Processing for Communication Systems '' by Fredric J. Harris because it contained an entire chapter devoted to the Cascaded Integrator Comb -LRB- CIC -RRB- filter . This filter , sometimes referred to as the Hogenauer Filter , can be used to implement efficient multirate decimation and interpolation filters for large sample rate changes.To date no author of any book or technical paper that I am aware of has ever been able to explain the mathematics of pruning bits in each of the N stages of a CIC decimation filter design . I had high hopes that Harris 's book would finally be the one book that would go where no book has gone before.Unfortunately the book could not be previewed on Amazon so I bought the book on faith alone . I ended up being disappointed . In his treatment of CIC filters that are used for sample rate decimation he presents an obtuse equation with 6 variables that is supposed to explain something about determining the number of bits that can be pruned from each stage of an N stage CIC decimation filter . The problem is , this equation was presented right out of the blue , without any definition of what the 6 variables were . Nothing preceded this equation , or followed this equation , that was relevant to explaining what the equation was or how to interpret it . Somehow the reader is supposed to magically figure out how this equation and all 6 of its undefined variables , is relevant to CIC bit pruning . I held out some hope that this equation had been derived and explained in previous chapters , so I spent several hours searching the book from the beginning to the end for any material that was remotely connected to that equation . I had no success.I have read many papers and many texts written by many authors that dealt with CIC filters . Without exception all the authors arm waved and side stepped this critical bit pruning topic , but this is the first time I have ever seen anything as crazy as this .
 I was hoping to get a good understanding of multirate DSP out of this text , having no knowledge of it previously . However , I was not succesful . The text starts out well with a practical illuminating example of the use of multirate signal processing . However , I was not able to absorb much knowledge in the subsequent chapters and gave up on continuing . There are very few equations in this book , which to me was initially promising as I am tired of DSP math books . The author relies more on graphics and figures to explain his point , but I found that the detail was lacking . Perhaps someone with stronger background in this area would be better served by this text .
 This was , I believe , the second Tess Gerritsen book I have read . Now , you should know that I love medical thrillers . Robin Cook is one of my favorites . But Tess crosses the line
 I enjoyed Harvest but I thought Life Support was a bore . It never caught my interest and never even intrigued me . Do n't bother with it .
 I first read Tess Gerritsen 's book ` The Surgeon ' and loved it , in fact I read it 3 times . But when I decided to check out some of her earlier work I was dissapointed . ` Life Support ' is a pretty good story but who has n't done the evil nursing bit ? I think just about everyone has . Toby -LRB- the main character -RRB- was pretty cardboard . She was an ER doctor yet when it came to danger she was a wuss . What the ? She ended the story very abruptly . I want to know what happened with Dr. Dvorak and I want to know what happened to Wallenberg and everyone.I do not recommend this book at all . I 'll admit it 's okay but come on ! Why did certain people have to die ? I just did not like what she did to some of the characters .
 Gerritsen 's books are pretty good and creative the first time , and possibly the second , but after the third book they become very formulaic . Intellegent damsel , overworked , over tired , put upon by evil doers , and oh by the way , there is a handsome rescuer in there somewhere . Yuck !!
 Tess Gerritsen 's LIFE SUPPORT is a disappointing medical thriller . While the medical jargon lends authenticity to the read , it quickly overwhelms the very thin story . It 's easy to guess who done it and why and since the lead does n't get into any real jeopardy along the way , the ride is n't even particularly interesting . If you 're looking for a good mystery writer , try Lisa Gardner instead . She understands pacing , character development , and her stories will get your heart pumping .
 The trouble with romance novels is that the women are all neurotic and weak willed and If You Believe 's protagonist , Mariah , unfortunately , stands to form . She was hurt and betrayed by a drifter at age 15 . When she 's 35 another drifter enters her life . The thing is , if Maria was really serious about protecting herself and not allowing herself to ever get hurt again by a man , she could achieve this . It CAN be done . In real life and in fiction . Yet Mariah melts whenever she sees Mad Dog -LRB- the first man she has been subjected to in years -RRB- and obsesses over him like a mindless , giddy teenage girl . Really ? Seriously ? I can understand how crap romance novels offer bored , lonely women an escape from their painful reality but does n't the fact that the main characters are so grossly fake ultimately disappoint ? In If You Believe , Mad Dog is crude and vulgar with the protagonist . Maria struggles to maintain her prim and proper facade around him . I guess that 's supposed to generate some type of sexual tension but it just comes off as forced and juvenile . It would be more sensual and effective if the 2 characters were intellectual equals instead of the woman always being some neurotic mess -- a woman who has spent her life waiting for some moron to show up and shake her life up a little . In these books why ca n't the female protagonist shake her own life up with the man being a surprise addition ? Alas , with romance novels , the women are all ultimately victims in some form or fashion and the men are messiahs sent by God to save the women from a fate worse than death , which is loneliness . This lame novel is no different .
 Given the period this book was set in , some of the character 's actions were a little unbelievable . I have read several Kristin Hannah novels and have enjoyed most , some of them greatly . But in this case I felt it was more of a ` trashy novel ' without much substance . The only saving grace was at the end , and I wo n't say more , as it would be a spoiler .
 This book is very , very , very bad ! I could not even believe it?Andrew is my name and I give this a D - !
 I had to read this book for school . It is sooooooooooooooooooo long , I thought we would never get through it ! It also is hard to understand . But it had a good plot .
 Slavery was ugly . We need to know that . But not the way Stowe writes , I felt like I could n't bear another page . Unbelievably flat characters in an unbelievably flat setting . Stowe wrote sophomorically about a place she had never been , and instead of creating a good book about the horrors and issues of slavery , she wrote characters who were exaggerated caricatures , from Eliza to Uncle Tom to Simon Legree . Little Eva ? Please . I did n't shed a tear . Maybe it worked as propaganda then but I 've read much better since .
 This Kindle edition is not accurately reproduced . Do n't waste money on it . In my edition at Loc 2416 appears `` I do n't know either about religion 's being up in the market , '' . It then continues with something completely out of context and including the character Ophelia St. Clare . The correct continuation appears at Loc 2447 , so that the rendering should have been , `` I do n't know either about religion 's being up in the market , just now . I have not looked in the papers . '' Between Loc 2416 and 2447 is a different part of the book.This kind of error is shameful . Amazon should refund the money paid for the book to every Kindle purchaser of it .
 The subject of this book is excellent.The format of this particular book -LRB- signet classics -RRB- is horrible . The print is SO SMALL that even with 2.0 reading glasses I had difficulty reading it and I have good vision.I can not recomment this format to anyone . . the print is just too small ... too bad for such a great book .
 Well , reading it all in one weekend may not have been the brightest move of my life . Still , this book was a hideous experience . Once you get past the first hundred and fifty pages the plot picks up enough to give the sheer boredom a minor respite , but the characters are about as flat as anything imaginable . Little Eva in particular I was ready to strangle , with hair or without , by the time she up and died . It 's historically interesting as a spark to abolitionism and to the beginning of the Civil War , but as a novel it 's dreadful . I would warn you not to read it , but you probably have already or will soon for a U.S. history class , in which case please accept my deepest condolences .
 not a kindle fan . downloaded because it was free . didnt redownload the app on my new phone and anyways , this was all messed up , pages not in order .
 I decided to start reading classic books ... so sad I picked this as my 1st . This book is so slow & difficult to read with all the slang . I was raised in the south & still do n't understand half of what is trying to be said . I will try to finish & understand what the great appeal of this book is , but can not recommend it .
 The book was okay . I was just disappointed that I received a different addition that the one the is in the picture description of the book . I needed the other edition for class but my teacher worked with me . I just wish they said which edition they were selling .
 I do n't like this book at all it 's very boring and there 's not much entertainment in the book to keep me wanting to read it more .
 Had to read it for a class called American Women Writers . There is a lot of sentimentality in this book , which was effective for Stowe 's anti-slavery agenda of the time . However , as an English major , I do n't particularly enjoy sentimentality ... I do think this is an important book that needs to be read , but that does n't mean I enjoyed it .
 Sorry , I know this is a classic , but the writing , grammar , spelling , typos , etc forced me to do something I rarely ever do-I stopped after chapter two and did not finish this book . Sadly disappointed .
 Did n't care for it . Literature from another time that does not hold up . More of a moral pamphlet than literature . I had not read this before and was disappointed after giving it a chance .
 The copy I received of the Norton Critical Edition was missing pages 111-142 . Instead , pages 79-110 were repeated . I contacted Amazon but they said it was too late to get my money back . My advice is to count all the pages in all books your order from Amazon , and do n't buy the Norton Critical Edition of Uncle Tom 's cabin . Buy the book from another publisher instead .
 I finally gave up on Uncle Tom 's Cabin . Dialogue written in vernacular drove me nuts .
 1 . SLAVERY WAS N'T SO BAD AFTER ALL . I was surprised to find out that this book supported slavery . Of course , you have to wade through the melodrama and Christian speechifying -LRB- which is to say about 95 % of the book 's content -RRB- to get at Ms. Stowe 's thesis , but once you do it becomes clear . To Ms. Stowe , slavery and capitalism are just different manifestations of evil human greed -LRB- St. Clare 's speech on pp 239-241 , chapter 19 -RRB- . It 's good news to old slavers who could whip their charges to death , to be compared to Rockafellers , Carnegies , and Bill Gates.Ms . Stowe deems many factors that separate capitalism and slavery to be irrelevant . The fact that under capitalism families were n't separated is irrelevant . The fact that people could emigrate freely is also irrelevant . The fact that people were not forced off their farms and into the cities is irrelevant . The fact that proletariat , even in Ms. Stowe 's day , were protected by labor laws is irrelevant . The fact that life expectancy increased vis &agrave; vis the pastoral lifestyle is irrelevant . The fact that the proletariat were not chosen for racist reasons is irrelevant . The fact that a worker could become an entrepreneur and eventually a capitalist is also irrelevant .2 . CHRISTIANITY DOES N'T CONDEMN SLAVERY . Ms. Stowe does a fine job -LRB- inadvertently -RRB- of showing that Christianity contains doctrine that supports slavery , and no doctrine that outright condemns it .3 . AMERICA IS FOR AMERICAN INDIANS . Ms. Stowe states at the end of chapter 43 that Topsy , after receiving a decent Christian upbringing , became a teacher in `` her own country '' -- Africa . Ms. Stowe believes that Africa is Topsy 's country because she is descended from Africans , and conversely that the United States is not Topsy 's country . Of course , if one were to apply the same logic to everyone in the U.S. , only native Americans would pass the test .
 Harriet Beecher Stowe was born in Connecticut in 1811 and four years later her mother died leaving hear older sister , Catherine , to raise her . Catherine founded a college in Hartford , where Stowe received her education , and later became a teacher at the school . Stowe married Calvin Stowe , a minister at her father 's seminary college , in Cincinnati , Ohio . Living there for eighteen years , Stowe was unconsciously gathering data and impressions about slavery . This information was the main influence for Uncle Tom 's Cabin . This book is historical fiction , based on Stowe 's real life experiences with slavery . `` The portrayal of slavery and its effects on families and on individuals is gut-wrenching - when Uncle Tom has to leave his family , and when Eliza may lose little Harry , one feels utterly desolate . '' . The way you feel when you finally realize , after straightening out all the details in your mind , that Uncle Tom has to leave his family and that Eliza may lose her son . This was the best part of the book , as you can see illustrated in two lines . Uncle Tom 's Cabin has been deemed unbearably boring by many of its readers including myself . '' ... absolutely tedious , over-wrought -- morality tale one of those books they make you analyze to death in English class . not worth the money . '' That is not to say that it is a bad book , or that the reason for writing it is unjust and that it does n't make any sense , I am just referring to the extensive detail used in creating , the sometimes , overly vivid scenes . The book could have been two-hundred pages long and still gotten it 's point across just as well , or maybe even better . I did n't like the book , it was too long and drawn out , personally I like a writer to just say what they mean and not try to make you think something when they refer to something else . This book had a lot of religious reference , but it was n't necessary for you to understand all of them because it was part of Uncle Tom 's character to be somewhat of a preacher . One review I read stated that from reading this book , the reviewer discovered that this book supported slavery . I did n't get this impression at all . What I saw was that many slave owners were actually very nice to their slaves . The only reason for slavery was cheap labor , many plantations could n't have survived without slavery , but for the slave owners to keep their slaves in line and from running away they had to develop a friendly relationship just as many managers do with their employees today . I saw this friendly relationship in almost all of the slave owners in the novel . You will see this specifically when Uncle Tom finds out he has to leave the Shelby plantation , he says he wants to be loyal to his `` Mas ` r '' . So this book is not supporting slavery , it is just saying that all the slave owners were n't bad . All in all Uncle Tom 's Cabin was not my favorite book and I would n't tell anyone to read it , but you may like it . It was too long and had too much detail much like a Charles Dickens novel except not quite as bad . The rating I would give this book on a scale of one to ten on the plot of the book is an eight maybe even as far as a nine . However , if I rated it on how well it kept my interest I would probably say a one or two , any Charles Dickens books being in the negative numbers . So in all finality , the book has its ups and downs , but it is still not as bad as a Charles Dickens novel .
 This book , while well-intentioned , stands as yet another monument to cheap American liberalism , wherein a well meaning person makes a case for his/her -LRB- often inaccurate -RRB- personal idealisation of an oppressed people , without taking the time to really understand what is happening.The slaves in this book are angelic and good , yes , but they do nothing to impart in the reader a realistic understanding of what their plight really involved . The end result is almost embarassing.UCT 's heart is bigger than its brain , and that 's a dangerous thing for an intended instrument of social change . If you want the real story , read Fredrick Douglas ' autobiography.On another note , this book is so sugary it made my teeth itch . It should be read and reviled .
 Language too difficult . On some occasions , the slaves spoke very good English in contrast to the uneducated owners . The author gave no explanation .
 For anyone who is picking this book up in the interest of learning about lives and conflict during the times of slavery , you 'd be better advised to read `` Roots '' if you have n't already done so , or perhaps some historical non-fiction . That said , it 's a moving story and grips the reader with its pain and anguish . But it 's also rather poorly written , and were it not for its subject and the time period it came out in , no one would dare call this a `` classic . '' The author 's tone and perspective is muddled and the `` Christian '' themes she promotes in her characters seem rather ludicrous to me . `` Good '' slaveholders are warped into demigods filled with `` virtue '' and `` refinement , '' and it 's easy to see why the title character has become such a source of resentment for many people . But , on the other hand , it is what it is and has influenced a great deal of readers and our society in general , and that alone makes it a necessary read . But it ca n't compare to something like Alex Haley 's novel , because she simply is n't on the same par as a writer .
 This is a horrible Kindle edition . Buyer beware . Many , many errors in the text , missing parts of sentences and then those missing parts showing up randomly in other locations of the text . I will attempt to get my money back on this.EDIT
 I do respect and embrace the historical significance and effect of this novel in it 's place and time . I applaud the author 's goal , courage and tenacity . I loved the main character , Tom.That said , the writing style is not for me . I 'm too spoiled by modern authors ' constraints of being direct and succinct.I understand that in the culture of the time , a female author would find it necessary to obviate , to beat around the bush in making her -LRB- socially activist -RRB- point in order to comply with expectations of politeness and humility , to include occasional flattery of the opposition to make the novel more palatable to a wider audience and thus further her underlying goal . Unfortunately , these elements also make it very hard for `` modern-me '' to endure the book.All-in-all , a profitable read for the historical relevance .
 When I ordered this book I did n't realize it would be so hard to read . I had always heard about this book but never read it , I still have n't . It has too much slang and half words in it . For as well known as it is I do n't know how anybody read it . The story behind it is probably a very good story , but I could n't understand enough of it to read more than the first chapter then it was placed on the book shelf . And I now know why it looks new and was sold as used , the fist purchaser probably could n't read it either .
 Uncle Tom 's Cabin is an OK book . There are several reasons why I did or did not like this book . First of all , I liked it because it showed details of what a real slave life was like . It had an interesting plot too . On the other hand , it was disturbing to read some people 's views about slavery . Also , there was some hard vocabulary in this novel , making it hard to read . Another reason why it was hard to read is because it was written over one hundred years ago . The dialect is confusing and takes a while to process . The end of Uncle Tom 's Cabin is very surprising . I wo n't spoil it for anyone , but I did n't like the ending of the book . You would never expect it . This book , in my opinion , is very sad and disturbing , but it teaches me how lucky I am to be living in this time period . If I was asked to read this book again , I probably would n't . Even though it is one of the more interesting history books I have ever read , it is depressing , and I hate depression . If you 're looking for an interesting history novel , read Uncle Tom 's Cabin . But , if you are looking for a book to read for fun or pleasure , I would not suggest this novel .
 This fictional story was claimed to be of divine inspiration and was used to justify the shedding of blood ... this is a prejudiced view against Southerners , who , Library of Congress Records show paid their servants better wages/profit sharing , and provided better housing than the average industrial New York worker of 1900 . Mrs. Stowe , and her husband , both shared a very high view of mankind , and a very low view of God . They claimed a higher moral authority than the US Constitution , and the Bible , in condemning slavery ... rather than the evils that attended slavery .
 Book has very tiny print making it a tough read . Would have been better if it were normal font size .
 I had trouble getting through this book . I do n't understand why people thought this book was so good .
 This book is an entire work of fiction by a person claiming it to be first hand experience . None of it acttually happend ans was written entirely to spread hate and anger . Do n't waste your time on this trash .
 I thought I 'd step out of my comfort zone and read a classic . That was 2 months ago . I 'm still reading it . This is the hardest read ever . I barely make it 2 pages before I 'm sleeping . The slave dialect is hard to understand and the story jumps around . I hate to say it , but I 'm hating this book . Sorry .
 this book is horrible and the only reason you may need to read it is to realize how bad it is . the portrait of that black man being punished and blessing his masters is impossible to bear . and she sermonizes a lot . i know she was against slavery but her depiction of black people is simply unbearable . oh god
 1 . SLAVERY WAS N'T SO BAD AFTER ALL . I was surprised to find out that this book supported slavery . Of course , you have to wade through the melodrama and Christian speechifying -- about 95 % of the book -- to get at Ms Stowe 's thesis , but once you do it becomes clear . To Ms Stowe , slavery and capitalism are just different manifestations of evil human greed -LRB- St. Claire 's speech , pp 239-241 in my edition -RRB- . Old slavers who whipped their charges to death must be smiling now , knowing that they 're being compared to the Rockefellers , Carnegies , and Bill Gates.Ms Stowe deems many factors that separate capitalism and slavery to be irrelevant . The fact that under capitalism families were n't separated is irrelevant . The fact that people could emigrate freely is also irrelevant . The fact that people were not forced off their farms and into the cities is irrelevant . The fact that proletariat , even in Ms Stowe 's day , were protected by labor laws is irrelevant . The fact that life expectancy for the proletariat increased vis &agrave; vis farmers is irrelevant . The fact that the proletariat were not chosen for racist reasons is irrelevant . The fact that a worker could become an entrepreneur and eventually a capitalist is also irrelevant .2 . CHRISTIANITY DOES N'T CONDEMN SLAVERY . Ms Stowe does a fine job -LRB- inadvertently -RRB- of showing that Christianity contains doctrine that supports slavery , and no doctrine that outright condemns it .3 . AMERICA IS FOR AMERICAN INDIANS . Ms Stowe states at the end of chapter 43 that Topsy , after receiving a decent Christian upbringing , became a teacher in `` her own country '' -- Africa . Ms Stowe believes that Africa is Topsy 's country because she is descended from Africans , and conversely that the United States is not Topsy 's country . Of course , if one were to apply the same logic to everyone in the U.S. , only native Americans would pass the test . Pack your bags everyone !
 absolutely tedious , over-wrought -- morality tale one of those books they make you analyze to death in english class . not worth the money
 This has to be one of the most poorly written books I 've ever read . A lot of it was simply the author 's boring narrative and opinions . Parts of the book probably more or less correctly depicted the treatment of slaves during that era ; other than that , I ca n't think of one redeeming thing to say about this book , other than reading it is a good way to get to sleep if you have insomnia .
 I did n't really enjoy reading this book . The language was too archaic for me to read -LRB- and understand -RRB- it . Do n't read this book .
 My one-star rating applies only to the Penguin edition of Uncle Tom 's Cabin . The Penguin edition , edited by Ann Douglas , has a high rate of transcription error . So it is not suitable for serious study.I listed a selection -LRB- over 100 -RRB- of the transcription errors in the Penguin edition for a presentation at the 2007 American Literature Association conference . For example , the Penguin edition on page 619 -LRB- in the 4 copies that I 've examined -RRB- has the following line : `` If the laws of New England were so arranged that a master could -LSB- it -RSB- now and then -LSB- / it -RSB- torture an apprentice to death , would it be received with equal composure ? `` In the 1852 Jewett edition -LRB- the first printing in book form -RRB- , the sentence included an additional clause : `` If the laws of New England were so arranged that a master could -LSB- it -RSB- now and then -LSB- / it -RSB- torture an apprentice to death , without a possibility of being brought to justice , would it be received with equal composure ? `` This error -- the omission of `` without a possibility of being brought to justice '' -- diminishes a key theme in Stowe 's work . I encourage scholars , teachers , and students to purchase Ammons 's or Sklar 's editions of UTC . Among editions that I 've examined , those editions have more reliable texts . I have not examined the new Bedford edition -LRB- Railton -RRB- or the new Norton edition -LRB- Gates and Robbins -RRB- . If you choose to buy some other edition , perhaps your choice will encourage Penguin to publish a corrected edition . This edition was ranked 41,945 at Amazon when I wrote this review in July of 2007 .
 This CD collection is difficult to use . Book chapters are not identified on the lable or in individual CDs it is broken in to 30 second sound bites , which makes it easy to pause for a moment but difficult to find the begining of a chapter since the chapter may begin at 20 seconds in to the sound bite . Want to listen on your ipod good luck with hundreds of unnamed tracks . My students and I gave up and went back to the old audio tapes where we could find the chapter we wanted to listen to with out jugling 16 unlabled CDs
 There is no doubt in anyone 's mind that Harriet Beecher Stowe 's novel has been unequaled in its vast political influence . However , it contains one major flaw . Although the book treats slavery with a simple and determined resolution , and reduces slavery to what it really was -LRB- EVIL -RRB- , the book ends with a happy and most improbable ending . Stowe might have been attempting to show that ultimately , good reigns over evil , but the message of the extreme urgency of the abolitionist movement is lost in the fairy tale ending .
 The publisher of this pricey printing did not take care to check the pages of the text for successful copying . Some pages were so poorly copied they were illegible . Substandard quality control . I had to return the book .
 Still reading it , but enjoying it and would recommend it to EVERY American to find time to read in their lifetime .
 I was looking forward to this book after reading so many rave reviews . I was greatly disappointed.The book is mostly common sense , seems to rely more on opinion than on research/science , and is written at about an 8th grade level.If you have an education beyond a high school diploma or have read even a few parenting articles here and there , do n't bother with this book .
 That describes my reaction to this book . It came HIGHLY recommended to me , but I was shocked at how much of it is just common sense . Like , love your son , duh . And make sure he has male role models in his life , duh . I 've read close to 50 parenting books in the past 2 years and this is easily in the bottom 3 . I guess if you are a single parent or did n't have good parenting role models growing up , you might find some of this information helpful . But honestly , if you are in tuned enough to your child 's life to be reading parenting books , you do n't need this book .
 I received this book for Christmas along with several others that were much better.The author of this book is an athiest who relies on `` years '' of research and clinical studies to determine what makes boys tick . His precepts suggest there is no wrong , no accountability , there should be no confrontation and that the child will evolve into his own being without you really parenting him at all . In other words , stay out of the way so your childs Goth friend can introduce him to the real things in life , like drugs , homosexuality and `` personal '' freedom , along with the side effects like addiction , shame , and oh , spiritual and physical death.Instead I would highly , highly recommend the movie and associated literature that goes with the recently released Film `` Courageous '' by Sherwood films which covers topics like handling death in your family with your child , committing yourself publicly to raising your son to the absolute best of your ability -LRB- accountability to your friends and family -RRB- , being honest even when it means sacrificing your job , realizing the accountability that comes with the responsibility of being a father , forgiving others , sacrificing/risking your life for your child , restoring honor and integrity to a broken relationship where mom and dad split and the child is now in a single family home , the fact that child without a dad is 20x more likely to end up in prison , on drugs or in a gang , and how to communicate to your child on THEIR level . The material ends with you , the parent committing in front of others you know and will be accountable to , that you pledge on your word , to be the parent God has called you to be . It is powerful and the generation changing potential is unreal.You hang a `` resolution '' plaque in view of your family , that shows them -LRB- that and your actions -RRB- that you are committed to being the parent God made you to be and watch your family ties double by the week.I would also highly recommend any book or seminar from the author Joe McGee whose books are also availabe on Amazon . His books carry parental guidance on topics like dating , teens , toddlers , preparing your child for the day they must leave home and support themselves and a family in DETAIL . He goes over things like budgeting , personal finance , public speaking skills , courting and relationship with the opposite sex , step child relationships , proper discipline and more . Some of his books provide forms for tracking your money , establishing `` at home '' finance plans with your teen -LRB- allowance on steriods -RRB- , teaching your kids about credit and borrowing etc. . I have seen him in person and he is one of THE most entertaining , funniest speakers I have ever seen . His material is worth its weight in gold for any parent who is looking at improving their parent-child relationship both short term and long term.And last but not least , I would recommend the Five Love Languages of Children book by Gary Chapman . In a nut shell , we all `` value '' different things that tell us we are loved . I might like gifts . Someone else might like words of affection . Gary goes into detail about identifying your childs love needs and meeting it . If you feel like you give and give and see nothing changing in your child , please read this book . It will show that you are not even speaking the proper love language that your child values resulting in you being exhausted and frustrated and them not feeling loved.Update
 I purchased this title because so many people just raved and gushed over it . This book is daddy-centric . I 'm a single mom and I do n't discount the importance of having a good dad around , but this book really did not help me to understand my son or his behavior all that well ... it just told me to find him some men to hang around with . Also , it did that by adding unnecessary - and annoying - exclamation points all over the place -LRB- ! -RRB- . I 'm all for exclamation points , but they really do n't need to be placed everywhere !
 I bought this book after having my son and because I am an elementary school teacher . I do agree it is easy to read however much of it IS common sense and quite frankly some of the statements turned me off a bit . I almost quit reading the book after the first few pages . For example , the author says boys should NOT be in daycare for the first three years of their lives . I think many working parents , like myself , would find that remark a bit preachy and generalized . I think I know kids pretty well having taught for many years and some of what the author writes had me going , `` Whaaaat ? That 's crazy ?! '' I should have just saved the money and checked it out at the library instead .
 The sections on toddler boys were good , but it deteriorated from there into Biddulph suggesting that parents shop for `` good '' porn for their 14 year old boys ! Thanks , Steve ! Good advice . I guess you never heard how Prince 's -LRB- the artist formerly known as Prince -RRB- mother did that . Look how good he turned out , right ?
 i started reading this book and became very distraught as the information the book was implying that I am in for all sorts of trouble and my baby will be emotionally unnavailable if he goes to day care before 3 years old . And this is what ig got in the first 30 pages . I also found as I am a single mum , it had little to no consideration to me -LRB- 2 pages -RRB- , and most children these days are brought up by separated parents or single parents , and generally the mother is the sole carer . Luckily for me my mum is a psychologist for relationships and children and clearly expained all you need to give is love and good base foundation with clear rules and be available for your son , and also agreed that this book should not be taken as gospel nor correct and it is very one-sided . for a best selling book , i thought it was terrible
 My 3yrs old son does n't cope with having anything taken away from him , even if it happens to be a blowtorch ! The other night my wife took something away from him in the bath . To cut a long story short it ended with hyperventilating and a touch of ` demon possession ' . When everyone was eventually calm and in bed , I looked through this book to try find some answers as to how I should have dealt with this sort of situation . In the index ... ` Temper ' ... nothing , ` Tantrums ' ... nothing . ` Discipline ' ... 4 pages , with the headings ... ` Teaching boys to respect women ' , ` Dork dads ' , ` Learning through consequences ' ... -LRB- remember the blowtorch !? -RRB- and ` Boys in the kitchen ' ... hmm ... lets try ` hit and smack ' , should I , should n't I ? ... nothing!I thought maybe the index was n't that accurate , but after going through the book the best advice I could get on raising a 3yr old boy was , boys need lots of affection and the mother is the best person to provide this . Not much help when your son has pushed his little sister off a chair , etc. etc. . Maybe the later sections on dealing with older boys is better , but the birth to 6 years section is pretty thin , obvious and unhelpful .
 As an instrument pilot of airplanes and helicopters and commercial student , I 've read countless aviation books . This one is undoubtedly the worst . How it made it to a second edition -- or got published in the first place -- is beyond me . The writing is poor -LRB- third-grade level -RRB- . Do n't get too excited about the `` REAL-LIFE CASE STUDIES '' -- there are 7 in total -- only two of which are not the authors -LRB- poor -RRB- SHORT stories -LRB- read
 In this book , Mr. Eichenberger espouses practicing for emergencies to happen and gives some very useful tips on how to accomplish this . However , his advice on how to deal with specific emergencies leaves a lot to be desired . In a few cases , he does not provide correct and accurate information . In others , his recommendations are in poor sequence . Other than for the brand new pilot , I think this book is merely a reiteration of what most pilots already know . He did n't have many stories and learnings from them either . AOPA Pilot 's Never Again series is a much better learning mechanism .
 When I read the title ` The Best ... ` of I usually become apprehensive , but , I decided to take the plunge and kick out the bucks to buy this book . What a disappointment !! On reading the 30 short stories -LRB- ca n't believe I got through them all -RRB- many of them entail stories that must have been taken from ` The Best Gay Erotica ' since it deals with boys doing what they do when they are alone . Matter of fact , sadly enough , the ONLY stories that were to any extent even slightly erotic were the ` boys will be boys ' stories ... In the first story ` Innocence in Extremis ' we get 3 pages of a 28 year old virgin describing her frustrations with any relationship except her fingers.The second story ` Space Girls are Easy ' a young man is kidnapped by good looking green women with antenna that use manuals like ` The Whole Earth Catalogue ' which also came with abduct-o-matic , and bind-a-bean tape and fasteners to hold down the earthlings they want to have sex with . ` The Maltese Dildo ' is a story about a private detective finding a dildo that had a jewelled handle ... it 's a boy boy story that was aaahhhhemmmm penetratiing to say the least . . ` Triple X ' is a story of a young girl in the South going to X rated theaters because it 's the only place she could find AC . ' A hand rests on a swollen breast , thighs open like a bible ' is about as erotic as this stupid story gets ... LOL ` Sophies Smoke ' is a hoot . This is a story about Sophie and a young man in a humidor closet doing things with cigars that would make Clinton proud . ` Calcutta ' story of two boys in a steam room , nuf said OK ... 'S & M ' A two page story of a girl wanting to be taken by the back door and be spanked . The story ca n't have more than 125 words for goodness sakes , I 'm sure it was first written on a cocktail napkin ! . ` Somewhere I have Never Travelled ' is a story of a young girl in Japan being trained in the martial arts . She has the hots for her master and the only erotic sex that takes place her is that one drop of sewat hits her from his face , and after she breaks her leg in sparring , he kisses the instep of her good foot . Ca n't say it makes me tingle ... OK thats only the first 8 stories and not a hetero sexual erotic story in the bunch . . from here it goes down hill till , oh ya got ta love this one , we get to ` Rebecca ' which is a story about Siamese twins joined at the head and one of them wants to , you know diddle the boyfriend Remus . I wo n't even get into their discussion at the hairdressers while they decide how to cut and trim their hair ... OK so if any of these stories turn you on and you find joined siamese twin , cigar munching , alien sex , with heavy emphasis on homesexual couplings as erotic , and exciting , then this book is for you ... . otherwise save your money ... Finally , as if that ai n't enuf , there is n't a mainstream published American erotic writer in the bunch of them ... UGGHHHHH
 Yet another collection of so-called `` Best '' erotica that only seems to be the best in Susie Bright 's opinion . To be fair , there might be one or two inclusions that are acceptable . However , it seems to me that this series has run its course several years back and should be given a rest . Where are the true artists of erotic writing ? I see no excerpts from M.S. Valentine or Don Winslow or indeed , any recognizable names in the erotic literature field . Does Ms. Bright collect stories from her friends and neighbors ? I think this is yet another prime example of overkill . I have loved and read erotica for 25 years and find nothing much positive to say about this book . I would instead recommend to those readers who like a variety of voices , check out Joyful Desires , A Compendium of Twentieth Century Erotica . It is money better spent .
 Most of the stories in this book totally missed with me , each for a different reason . Many were too boring , of a different `` aesthetic '' than what I prefer , too distant from my own interests , or too self-indulgent , but in generally , it 's the lack of sensuality that left me flat . Very little that is memorable in this book ...
 Lately , I 've been reading collections of short stories . Including Ms Slezak 's , ` Last Year 's Jesus ' . I 'm a writer , and was looking to understand the form more . What I learned was a -RRB- tremendous amounts of latitude are afforded even the most lauded of collections , and b -RRB- ` short stories ' these days do n't mean short stories . They mean ` situations ' . Bottom line
 This is one of the worst written books I have read in a very long time . Ms. Christenberry 's writing is choppy , and the characters and the relationships between the different characters are forced , unrealistic , and not believable in the slightest . She has four year old boys with adult personalities , adult vocabulary , and has them making phone calls . The plot is poorly thought out , and not extremely original . This is a book I wish I had never read .
 It 's not really going to give you a checklist of things that you want to make sure you do before you sign . Instead it is a book that discusses in general a few things you might want to consider , but does n't get into any one topic in depth , or even give you any real insider tips other than `` hire a real estate attorney '' or `` hire a buyer broker . `` By the time I finished reading the book I felt like I had just read an advertisement for real estate lawyers and real estate brokers . The author does n't teach you about the home buying process so much as he insist that you leave it up to the professionals . There is even a chapter devoted to the right way to treat your broker!I say skip this one or get it from your library if you really think you want to read it .
 In this installment of the ongoing Palmer Morel series , thirty-nine year old tennis pro Palmer Morel and his young girlfriend , Corky Kennedy , have come to New Orleans . Flush with Palmer 's recent inheritance of three million dollars they have come to rest and recuperate before Palmer plays in a scheduled tennis tournament , the greater New Orleans Open , featuring the likes of John McEnroe and Jimmy Connors.Palmer is beginning to wonder how much longer he can keep playing , let alone keep the much younger Corky happy . And while the first week of vacation has been fun , the nights have been difficulty as dreams of doom and death haunt him . He does n't know what the dreams mean anymore than he knows the meaning of what he saw on the balcony of a movie set as Corky and he passed quickly by on a streetcar . Unlike the dreams , that he could investigate and briefly did before Corky explained it away as the actor and the actress was rehearsing.Maybe they were and maybe they were n't . Troubled by his dreams of doom and death and what he witnessed , Palmer is n't looking forward to the interruption provided by Bliss , Corky 's old friend . The beautiful Bliss arrives like a hurricane stampeding across Palmer and Corky 's lives . Her arrival sets off a cascade of events involving wild sex , illicit drug use , and Mob involvement that ends in a shattering and very bloody climax beneath a full moon.While billed as a mystery there is virtually no mystery involved here at all and very little depth to any of the characters . These characters are known for what they are within a few pages , if not paragraphs , as each one is introduced . Both the Mob boss and the movie director seem to have come from central casting . Palmer is a troubled aging tennis pro , with a hip young and fun girlfriend and an ability to get into trouble no matter where he goes or what he does . Within the first fifty pages of the novel , the parameters of the situation are clearly defined and all that is left as they followed their scripted roles are a few details.Palmer 's angst over the twilight of his career and his future relationship with the much younger Corky , while pushed heavily by the author , comes across as shallow as his studly activities , drug induced or not . The character seems more like a caricature than an actual person to care about and as such , his own drama means little , as do the dramas of the other characters . While often told what to feel through lines in the text , this author does not jump that gap to make the reader actually feel or even care about these shallow characters.Any alleged story is pushed to the background by the rampant and very graphic sex scenes laced heavily throughout the 210-page novel . Wild sex is the primary theme aided at times by illicit and accidental drug use . Much of the sex is performed by women gone wild as their secret sexual fantasies come to life unleashed by the ingestion of the drug Rohypnol.What this novel is , instead of being a mystery , is a very graphic men 's adventure read . The hero , often injured , is still a stud , the women are beautiful and amazingly willing -LRB- with or without drugs -RRB- , the crime guys are Italian and do their typical Mob stuff . For what it really is , a fast paced simplistic storyline and read , it is n't bad .
 While sitting at an airport waiting for a flight I found this book discarded and starting reading out of boredom . Well boredom should be part of the book title - as in Boredom and Bliss.The author writes in a shallow and clich&eacute;d style and seems to have modeled his storyline with the same depth as one of those 4th rate late night TV movies.The book does seem to prove that anyone can get published . Possibly the author guaranteed enough advance sales that it was published . You get the sick feeling that his family all received an autographed copy for Christmas . That is where the vanity comes from , writing a book to satisfy your ego . You suspect that he would send out congratulatory messages to himself .
 Unfortunately , not very informative . As first time parents , I found this book outdated with very old information . It was a typical pregnancy book that did not keep our attention . Just picked up ` Pregnancy for Dummies ' . We found this book much more dymanic with information from expert OB GYN 's -LRB- Dr. Joanne Stone and Dr. Keith Eddleman -RRB- from New York 's leading hosptal , Mt. Sinai .
 I ordered HOW I STOLE HER HUSBAND after reading all the positive reviews here and thought I would get get a fun breezy romance type novel much like you can find it in any one of Jackie Collins books . Reading it was very disappointing and rater boring and I 'll explain why : The main character Alison takes a job as nanny for Peppers 3 year old daughter August , which is lengthly drawn out over 100 pages including all the likes and dislikes of this job . Also we learn that Pepper seems to cheat on her husband Spence.Spence , which we know has been Alison 's High School Sweetheart , is on a business trip to Hong Kong , and noticeable absent the majority of the time , even Alison states on page 104 `` I had begun to think of Spence as just an occasional talking point , not really part of the household '' . Maybe I was wrong to begin with but I thought the romance between Alison and Spence was supposed to be the major plot line.When he finally appears , he Alison and August go together to a restaurant the used to go back in High School talking about old times , still no romance building up yet.Then the whole clan moves to New York , we learn that Pepper has another affair there ; Alison , Spence and August go to central park together and one evening they go out to dinner without August and start kissing each other after that . A few days later Alison moves into Spence 's hotel room , and a week after that she decides to leave him after finding out he had had an affair with the prior nanny too . Within a few days later than that she starts a new relationship with this guy Finn she knew.This book is more a run down of events than any kind of a romantic story , everything just seems to happen for no reason , I miss the gradual growing attraction between Alison and Spence . For me that makes this book a major disappointment .
 Alison is a doormat . I did n't find the characters well developed ; Alison was not particularly likeable . This one was a waste of time , I 'm afraid .
 I hated this book . I kept reading , hoping to have that `` aha '' moment where I finally put all the pieces together ... but there was not one . I did not think there was anything remarkable about Alison , and I never really liked her . She was wishy-washy , spineless , and settled way too many times during the story . I felt so sorry for every character in the book ... . except for Alison 's friends . . Nola and Jess - who were poorly developed . I found myself flipping back pages/chapters to see if I 'd missed something about these random people . The middle part of the story dragged on and on ... . and then in a matter of one or two chapters . . everything was resolved ... but I still felt unresolved since the resolutions were so weak .
 This is the only volume in The Sandman series that I actually had to force myself to finish . Although `` Worlds ' End '' includes some foreshadowing to the far superior `` The Kindly Ones '' , the story just does n't seem to go anywhere . Needless to say , earlier volumes that focused on minor/supporting characters were far more successful .
 Interesting structure to a series of tales told by travelers stuck at an Inn during a storm . Cantebury Tales was the inspiration and Gaiman employs many levels of stories within stories and even eventually brings the story full circle , which is cheeky . However it seems that the stories were given little precedence and therefore come off very weak . Now part of this is expectation . Fables and Reflections blew me away and may be my fav of the series so I expected this as a series of individual stories to be just as good . So with it being just average I was overly disappointed . There are some good moments and the few appearances of Death and the Endless are captivating . However they are not enough.One note
 My mother gave me this as a Christmas present way back when I was early in my high school career . She obviously had not read this book . She knew that I liked sports -- including football . That must be why she purchased this for me as a Christmas gift.Unhappily , this was a book about a broken down former football player -LRB- who had performance problems , hence the title `` Footsteps '' -RRB- . The coach was a jerk . He used his football players as if they were there to fulfill his own aspirations . One key player had suffered injuries -- but the coach tried to get him into a crucial game . A symptom of the `` win at any cost '' philosophy.In addition , the coach led a seemingly very nice young woman astray , conning her for his own pleasure.Altogether , a novel that distressed me many years ago-and distresses me still ...
 The poems that follow each story are missing . Only the poem titles are present .
 For interesting insight into this book , look up the case Vitale v. Commissioner , 77 T.C.M. -LRB- CCH -RRB- 1869 -LRB- 1999 -RRB- .
 While I can not say whether or not Mr. Schnoebelen is `` crazy '' as some seem to think , one thing I do see is that he is shrewd . He uses general points and embellishes them with a convoluted twist to give the fundamentalist Christian book market what it has wanted since the author of `` The Satan Seller '' was proven a fraud ... . something to use against those who find their truth in pre-Christian spirituality.I was raised in a fundamentalist church , went through the `` saved '' phenomenon , and studied theology . The only problem was that my deeply analytical , rationalist mindset drove me to find the genuine truth , at least as much as one can , behind Biblical scripture and it 's modern interpretation . The undeniable fact is that Christian mythology was merely a borrowed , rehashed version of older Hebrew and Pagan mythologies.This discovery led me into studying and eventually becoming a Priest of the Craft , a position I have held for over thirty years . I have worked with many Wiccan/Pagan groups and individuals in the Midwest , and have never known anyone who has heard of Mr. Schnoebelen . If his claims of having been a Wiccan Priest are true , I find that a bit odd . Furthermore , as one who has been privy to the `` inner teachings '' of this path , I can attest that I have never found a Satanic connection in any way , shape nor form in Wicca or any other true Pagan path.As for Mr. Schnoebelen 's claims that Wicca and Paganism are virtually modern practises , with no true roots in ancient history , I would ask him whether he 's ever heard of the Druids , the Strega or the Vikings ? -LRB- Not to mention the many indigenous tribal paths that are enjoying a resurgence , such as American Indian , African , etc. -RRB- My impression is that Mr. Schnoebelen has made a handy profit on the fundamentalist Christian book market by embracing the very `` white lies '' he professes to expose . No religious path is perfect or without it 's flaws , including Christianity . As a Pagan who has never lost respect for the ideals and examples of tolerance and love the Christ represented , I must say that I find today 's Pagans far more akin to genuine followers of Christ than most contemporary Christians , who are actually following the teachings of Paul in their dogmas.I only hope those who do n't know all the facts are not easily taken in by this deliberately misleading bit of propoganda , as so many were in the early seventies by Mike Warnke 's `` Satan Seller '' .
 Man , this book is awful . Wiccans have told people like him that we DO NOT believe in Satan , let alone worship him . He claims to have been a Wiccan priest at some point , but he describes a religion that have no connection with Wicca . I must admit that yes , there are morons in this world who use thier powers for harm , but those people belong to a different faith !
 Is a * serious * overestimation of its usefulness.Schnobelen claims to have been highly-ranked in several religious organizations -LRB- Several of which did n't and do n't exist , and at least * three * of which he claimed membership in simultaneously -RRB- . Several of the other organizations he claims to have joined never even * offered * the services he claims to have obtained.Additionally , Schnobelen is a known disseminator of the ` Satanic Conspiracy ' myth.Don ' t give this book , or this author , a second glace.As someone once said , ` It 's not a book to put aside lightly ; it should be thrown with great force ' . Nothing more needs to be said .
 I can not believe how easily it is to write a book of lies and have it published.There are many groups who ` say ' they are Wiccans but have no idea of what Wicca is . SO many join so they can be `` Fluffy Bunnies '' . Those are people who like to have all the items in the Azure Green Catalog for their homes and altars and wear clothes straight from Holy Clothing.Those are Wiccans who play with the Craft , they may do a candle spell or try their hands at herblore but for the most part this is what they are doing for the moment , a pop hobby.When the TV series `` Charmed '' was at the height of its popularity , Fluffy Bunnies were all over the place . They wore symbology they did not understand and were basically harmless . But there are others who feel that Wicca has power , some kind of power they could use . It is those types that scare people like the author.No true Wiccan is satanic . Satan has nothing to do with Wicca because we do not believe in the Devil . We believe that there is good and evil in the world , but the evil is done by people.Wiccans try to make the world a better place . We work for our communities , we help others , we volunteer for charities and we honor our particular beliefs.My group of `` sisters '' got as much money together as we could afford -LRB- from our own pockets -RRB- and took 5 gift requests from the Salvation Army tree . We bought 5 bikes for kids who would not have had any gifts for Yule . We will try to do it again this year.We celebrate holiday differently from most but we hurt no one . Do I care what is going on in your home on Christmas day ? No . Should you care what goes on in my home on Yule ? I would n't think so . But so many people are frightened of Wicca . We celebrate Yule -LRB- Winter Solstice -RRB- instead of Christmas.We put up Yule trees . The decorated Christmas tree only caught on in the mid-19th century . We exchange gifts , but they are usually handmade or meant to be of a special request or desire of the person receiving it . Yule is n't about exchanging thousands of dollars worth of useless presents , it is about honoring the Goddess during her time of bringing forth the new year 's sun.The author confuses modern-day Wiccan -LRB- a.k.a. Paganism -RRB- with the Paganism mentioned in the Bible . The latter worshiped what the Jews considered to be idols , and allegedly engaged in child sacrifice . These practices are totally unrelated to modern-day Neopaganism.The author confuses Wicca with the imaginary Satan-worshiping religion which was created by the Christian church in the late Middle Ages in order to justify the burning times -- the era from about 1450 CE to 1792 CE when secular courts and the church condemned witches , other heretics , midwives , etc. to be burned at the stake . The people burned at the stake were innocents , the church was showing how fear can keep the masses in line . It can also make the church very rich due to the fact many family members of thsoe accused would give over their estates if the family member was set free.The author has a fear of retribution from God . He appears to believe that if he demonstrated religious tolerance by recognizing Neopagan traditions as actual religions , that he would somehow become a Neopagan and would be attacked by God.This book is full of propaganda against a group of people who are gentle and loving , selfless and strong enough to stand against the closed minds of those who dislike us .
 This book is horrible and filled with half-truths & blatant lies.Mr . Schnoebelen claims that he was `` initiated into the Alexandrian Wicca on Imbolc , February 2 , 1973 and made a High Priest and Magus in September of the same year.Alexandrian Wicca is very traditional and it takes a few years minimum to make it to the rank of High Priest.But hey , do n't just take my word for it . Kerr Cuhulain , author of Witch Hunts
 A very horrible book , whose sources can be linked to such shoddy scholars as Higgins and Vallency who calimed that the Druids had directly emmigrated from India and Armenia respectively . Upon further research , I also discovered that the `` Wiccan '' organisation which this man claimed to be a member of , was not specifically a Wiccan group to begin with , and also kicked him out for physical and psychological abuse of other students . I do not suggest this book to anyone , it is just dreadful .
 This book , I thought , was excellent for a good laugh . I have been a practicing Wiccan Witch -LRB- Eclectic -RRB- for over 6 years now . A friend loaned me this book to read , and in the first thirty pages , I was able to write 2 pages worth of mistakes . He mixes up a lot of terms , only tells the reader portions of certain rituals , etc etc. . He also claims to have been so many things ... Alexandrian High Priest , Craft of the Wise high priest , Druidic High Priest , Minister , Satan worshipper ... and all in only 50 years ? Doubtful . Also , from reading his other books , it is apparent the man is a psycho . Can you really trust a man that believes aleins to be part of Satan 's mastermind in creating babies with his `` fallen angels '' ? I do n't think so . Not to mention the book is from Chick publishing ... ~ Path
 Well , I 've read a couple of this guy 's books now , and he certainly has been a busy little beaver in his short span on this earth , has n't he ? If I cared enough to give this gentleman the ripping refutation he deserves , I 'd construct a time line and try to pinpoint exactly when/where he was doing all his wicca/satanist/masonic / catholic/UFO abduction activities , just to see if it is at all plausible . But , I 'm bored enough after reading this one and skimming another , and I wo n't be subjecting my poor brain to any more of this silly mess .
 I did not want to give this book 1 star , but well we have to give it at least one . Wicca aside this book should never have made it to print . His theories are so outlandish . He claims that Satan is using ufos to cross-breed with humans to create a new breed of demons . According to this author even Catholics are satanists , which I find very offensive as I come from a catholic family . It appears to me as just another book that will appeal to those who are looking for satan everywhere . It is just a book of hate and slandering and offers no real academic value .
 This book and the author are perfect examples of Christian Extremism . Garbage , and it was terribly researched .
 Epic FAIL !! Total crap . Each page filled with complete rubbish . Do n't waste good money on such garbage !
 Here is yet another idiot bashing something he is totally clueless about . . As Wiccan Clergy , I want to say that We do n't believe in the devil nor will we ever . . I have devoted My life to helping others . I do n't judge nor slam others beliefs . Its his hell let him burn in it . .
 I have read this book a few years ago and have been a Wiccan for about 20 years now . One of my studies was to find out if what the Fundie Christians have said about Wicca is true . I have contacted some former Wiccans who have become Christians , Buddhists and so forth , so I know that people voluntarily come in and out of Wicca . Part of my investigation was -LRB- and is -RRB- the Fundie Christian references to Wicca and Paganism . I have also read the comments here by supposed former Wiccans -LRB- now conviently born again Christian -RRB- . My conclusion so far is that Wicca is in NO WAY satanic and that books like this are deliberate lies to uphold a specific view of a Christain cult mentality . If I had found ANYthing like this guy claimed , I would have left Wicca and vehemently spoke out against it . Fortunately books like this are not in the mainstrean of Christianity . Reminds me of teh Jack Chick books that are so hateful of Catholicism . If a born again Christian wants us to convert , at least they should not try to lie so badly about what we do and do not believe . He 's almost embarrasing in his absurd claims and his ignorance . No he never was a Wiccan , much less a High Priest . Poser , yes , fabricator no doubt , add sexually obsessed to boot .
 True to form , Schnoebelen is just one more Illuminati Satanist who `` Found Jesus '' . The story is always the same , from Mike Warnke and John Todd Collin to Lyndon LaRouche . An Illuminati Satanic priest with insider information about the plot of the Luciferian global elite to take over the world finds Jesus . It 's equally consistent that the agenda becomes to discredit everything good about every religious tradition including Christianity , that is n't their Jesus as scape-goat who excuses all evil variety . The secret to truly understanding the agenda of these dangerous recruiters into a cult nightmare is their perversion of everything good . Schnoebelen is pleased to note that Wiccans are trapped in the dark world created by Gerald Gardner and Aleister Crowley . His claim that Gardner and Crowley created the Wiccan tradition is ludicrous . Paganism is older than Christianity . Crowley was notorious for perverting every spiritual tradition that has ever existed . Schnoebelen mentions the Pagan goddesses that represented the darker sides of human nature and insists they are representatives of the Wiccan tradition . It 's like pointing out that Satan is a character in the Christian Bible and therefore Christians are all Satanists . Schnoebelen is dangerous , and `` Wicca
 There are many fantasy books written about witches and this is one . If you read ths do so w6ith that in mind.As just one tiny little example that highlights the book 's inaccuracies
 I 'm sorry , but I must say this . Do n't buy this book Those who bought this book and believe it , have your heads up your rumps . People who claim to be former Wiccans , may have been caught up in a cult they thought was Wicca . Or they were never involved in Wicca at all and just want to write a book to show the public how crazy they are . I 'm a practicing Wiccan who happens to believe in Jesus and I 've never been happier . I 've niether bought nor read this book . I do n't even plan to . Wicca is a good and practical way of life where respect for all living things including followers of other religions is key and formost . We do n't try to recruit anybody . Spiritual seekers look into us and at what we do . We do n't down other religions and say they are wrong . We do n't even say we are the right one for everybody . We even encourage to deeply study other faiths and give the choice to stick with Wicca or try something else . All paths to God are good . Jesus preached respect and good will , not a religion , and never tried to convert anybody . I 'm tired of seeing these books showing up on Amazon.com . Please take this book out of stock .
 I have n't read this book but I 'm not going to waste my money on some ignorant literary work . I am a practicing Wiccan and have been for ten years . I fail to see how we , Wiccans/Pagans , could worship a being that is not of our beliefs . We do NOT believe in a being even like Satan really . Satan is creation of Christianity . Now , mind you , Paganism has been around MUCH longer than Christianity ! Wicca is just a branch of Paganism just like Catholicism is a branch of Christianity . It 's amazing how some people will be so quick to judge and make that judgment based off of ignorance . I have read the bible and I have also noticed that that 's more than most Christians do . Instead blind faith is much easier to manage therefore ; this does n't surprise me in the least . Although , I could have sworn that people may be judged upon ` God ' and no other in Christianity . But then again , what would a Wiccan know ...
 ZERO STARS !!! I have to admit , that it hurts me to see works like this book out on the market , and it just makes me wonder what the `` Good '' guys would think if I ever wrote a book about the evil 's of other mainstream religions ? Please people , do n't give this book another thought . It 's evil and disgusting that someone would try to bash other religions and get away with it .
 For anyone to say Wicca is that of Satan is totally wrong !!! I raise my chidren in the religion along with thousands and thousands of others , and believe me my children are far better then alot of their `` christian '' friends . Before Anyone writes a book on any subject they need to THINK I feel here he is Just Another single minded person , Preaching on something he trully knows nothing about !!! He is full of lies and Total Mis-Truths !!!
 Hmmm ... I nearly vomited after reading the first pages of this book . Not because what was in it was true , but because the author CLEARLY has a vendetta against anyone/anything that is n't Christian . The `` Prime Directive '' of the Wiccan religion -LRB- the Wiccan Rede -RRB- states , `` And it harm none , do what you will . '' This means , `` do no harm . '' DO NO HARM -LRB- I THINK that 's the first line of the Hippocratic Oath , too -RRB- . This book is just so full of lies that under different circumstances , it 'd be funny .
 I love how other faiths seem to like to throw stones at poor little witch craft . It 's quite a shame and feel sorry for any one that is so narrow minded that they can not be accepting of the lives of others . Here 's a hint . Live your life but open up your mind to the fact that maybe your beliefs are n't right . If your faith ca n't stand scrutinization than perhaps you should be asking questions to build your faith do n't just insult and label others for their ideals , or basically you 're just another hater with out anything better to do .
 Wow ! This guy has an impressive religious resume does n't he ? An Alexandrian Wiccan , a Druid , a member of the Church of All Worlds , a member of the Church of Satan , a Mormon , a Catholic Priest , a Christian Fundamentalist . I do n't believe any of his credentials . It 's apparent that he thinks pretty much everyone is a Satanist . I 'm still a little confused on who exactly he thinks is a true Christian though . If a Catholic is actually a Pagan -LRB- and therefore a Satanist -RRB- , and a Mormon is a cult member , someone please tell me who the real Christians are . I will say that this book was an interesting read , in the sense that I now know how extreme some people can be in the belief that their way is the only way .
 The story of Wicca
 I 'm an ex-Wiccan , and while I strongly disagree with some ofWicca 's tenets now , I 'm not ignorant enough to call Wicca `` devilworship '' . Yet this is what the author does.The author calls Wiccans `` satanists '' , but he calls ALL people outside his denomination `` satanists '' . Here is a direct quote
 This book and its author lack any creditability . Anyone with even an elementary knowledge of Wicca and the New Age can easily tell that My Schnoebelen has no idea what he is talking about . If you want to learn about Wicca read a book written by a wiccan . Its only common sense . One wouldnt expect to read a book about Christianity written by a Wiccan author . The same is true for this .
 After I read Mr. Shnoebelen 's book `` Lucifer Dethroned '' I have to change my review of this book . Shnoebelen claimes to have been an Alexandrian Wiccan , Thelemite , Druid , a member of TWO OTOs a Scottish , York , and Egyptian Rite mason -LRB- The Egyptian rite does n't exist anymore -RRB- a Palladium mason -LRB- never existed -RRB- and illuminati member -LRB- never existed -RRB- . In this book he failed to mention he was a spiritist church minister , a BISHOP in both the Old Catholic Church AND The Roman Catholic Church while being a high grade witch and satanist!For some reason he recalls it later in Lucifer Dethroned . I found most of the material in `` Lucifer Dethroned '' impossible to swallow , needless to say . The only practical reason for buying `` Wicca Satan 's Little White Lie '' is the material he lifts from `` Crafting the Art of Wicca '' , which has been out of print for years . So , take the book with a grain of salt .
 Schnoebelen 's experience of Witchcraft is obviously very different from my own . I have been a Witch nearly three years , and my family is Fundamentalist . This book has just enough accurate information on Wicca/Witchcraft to confuse the new seeker or the relatives of a Witch . However , much of it is inaccurate . For instance , his rendering of the Threefold Law and explanation of the bolline 's -LRB- white-handled knife -RRB- use . The rebuttal of Laurie Cabot and his depiction of Pagan Milwaukee as a Witchcraft Dodge City would have been hilarious if he was n't trying to pass them off as true . As one who is drug free , extremely fond of children , and -LRB- mostly -RRB- pro-life , I really resented the pages where he called us drug addicts and worse . I can not speak for him , but he speaks wrongly of our Pagan religions . I am glad he got out of his destructive patterns -- if in fact he was actually * in * them -- but I resent his implications that all Witches are either bloodthirsty Satanists or ignorant hippies . I am glad I was able to rebut it to my relatives . In summation , if you are Christian and want to learn what Wiccans/Witches believe -- ask one . The face you save may be your own !
 Once again , another hatemongering book is published from an ignorant person just willing to make money off of people who are as ignorant as they are . Not only does this book make Wiccans look bad -LRB- the information regarding Wicca in this book is complete tripe -RRB- , but it makes genuinely good Christians look bad as well.To Schnoebelen and those that are as truly ignorant as him
 Perhaps a more appropriate title for this book should be , `` From the Mixed Up Files of Mr. William Schnoebelen ? '' I have read several of Mr. Schnoebelens ' books & articles -LRB- the books were a gift from someone -RRB- and I can honestly say that everything that this person writes is nothing but half-truths and out right fabrications . As a practicing Wiccan for several years , I can tell you this man has a very shrewd imagination ! According to Schnoebelen , even Catholics are Satanist , as well as anyone else who does n't follow whatever faith he `` claims '' to be into at the time . As for Wicca , unfortunately , he has twisted the facts just enough to make his lies sound credible to anyone who is n't educated enough on the subject as it fits his agenda . Schnoebelen is definate proof that ANYONE can write a book , even someone as delusional as he obviously seems to be .
 To say that this book is based on ignorance is like saying the Crusades were based on ignorance ... anyone with any inkling of intellect and common sense should be able to see through the half-truths and out-right fallacious arguments that the author used to support this book to his ultimate goal
 And this is not it . Although I will give the author credit for supplying me with a good laugh . All his arguments are backed up by speculative thoughts that he passes off as fact . If you want a good book on paganism and/or wicca select another author . If you would like a good laugh and example of how not to structure an argument ... read this book .
 Sorry folks , but this guy does n't have the foggiest clue what the truth is . i 've been Wiccan for over 10years and WE DO N'T WORSHIP SATAN OR EVEN BELIEVE IN A SATAN ! Please get it right and get a clue ! Besides this idiot claims to to have been a UFO abductee and a vampire ! i think he 's mental !
 This is hate literature . It is a scurrilous , uninformed attack against a gentle , legitimate , recognized religion . Wiccans follow the Wiccan Rede , which says `` An it harm none , do what ye will . '' In other words , harm no one . It is all right to defend yourself or someone else , but even then harm should be kept to a necessary minimum . Anyone familiar with Wicca knows this to be the case , both in books and in practice . The purpose of this book is to keep people from investigating the religion on their own . Wiccans do not write tracts warning people to stay away from hate-filled fundamentalist cults . We let people make their own decisions and do not lie to them or put out filthy propaganda . Amazon should remove this book from their online shelves , as they would remove anti-semitic books .
 I would n't buy this , so I did n't waste my money , but we Wiccans-and other Pagans and Witches-are NOT SATANISTS ! We do n't even believe in Satan . Satan is a Christian concoction . Since we do n't believe in Satan , it would be impossible to worship such an entity . We revere the cycles and forces of Nature , even , as some might say -- as your Christian god `` made them '' to be ... -LRB- Although `` ours '' was/were here first , as most are pre-Christian dieties , we still respect your right to prefer yours and believe what you wish : -RRB- Ironically , we seem to worship that which the Christian god `` made '' -LRB- Christian belief , not ours -RRB- , more than most Christians do . These things deserve our respect and protection-things such as the sun , air , trees , animals , rivers , streams and oceans , all things in their natural state , and the spirit -- including the FREEDOM that each spirit has to express him or her self -LRB- without harming others , and without telling others how to live their lives ; we trust people can listen to their own inner guide and find their own path ... and when they truly want or need direction , they will seek it on their own ... what a novel idea !!! -RRB- We try to live our lives in alignment with the rest of the natual world.So , um , this guy either got taken in by fakers big-time , or he made it all up-probably whilst possessed by his Satan ... . I personally would n't go around creating such negative energies ... they would make my home feel icky ! I keep my sacred space -LRB- my home -RRB- full of love and light :-RRB- May yours also stay that way by avoiding the purchase of this book ...
 Mr. Schnoebelen 's effort is at best amateurish . The least he might do is study Wicca and Paganism to understand what they are before he attacks . As it stands , he shadowboxes an imaginary enemy that he inaccurately labels Wicca and Paganism . His book fails to describe any particular pagan belief system with even minimum accuracy . That being said , to what pagan belief does he object , and for what reasons ? I mean , really ? And since his book does not address actual issues , to whom does he write except other Christians who probably do n't know any more about Wicca than him?Anybody who understands the Old Religion surely will find this book irrelevant . Those who suffer to find relevance will come away with same the nagging feeling : To wit , that , gosh , although we 've heard it before , many times , it really is true -- some Christians really are arrogant and stupid .
 Wicca
 After reading the sample it became quite apparent that Schnoebelen only knows how to use a search engine . He claims to have been a member of the craft since the 1970s , reaching very high in rank as an Alexandrian in just under a year . -LRB- Which just so you know , usually never happens . -RRB- Now there are honest people who do dabble in Wicca for a while , realize it 's not for them and end up going back to what 's comfortable . Schnoebelen however , is not an honest person . He mixes up terms , misuses others , very simple , basic things that is very telling of someone who claims to be very experienced in the craft.The only thing this author is experienced at is using google . Really , it is very easy to tell that all this author did was a few quick google searches to grab enough `` information '' on the craft to make it sound like he knew what he was talking about to try and gain confidence in his readers so that he could write what he really wanted to say . Which is nothing but lies and a lot of hate on a religion he really knows nothing about.Also this book was published by Chick Publications , INC. , which should give a huge warning sign to the legitimacy of his claims . Anyone who has ever read any of the infamous Chick-track comics knows that they 're wild , over dramatized propaganda created to spread hate to Wicca , new age healers , Catholics , Dungeons and Dragons , and anything that is n't or questions their exact kind of Fundamentalist Christianity.These kinds of authors , Chick and Schnoeblen both , have lost the meaning of the teachings of their God and their religion that they preach so heavily about . Is it too much to ask these Christians to `` Love thy neighbor '' ?
 Has to be the the worst western book I 've gotten half through . Not worth the time . Do not buy .
 The book condition was awful . It was so heavily highlighted it made reading difficult . All of the exams had the answers circled making theUseless as practice tests . Very poor quality . The content of the book has just been updated as of 8/1/11 so this edition will now be obsolete .
 I know this is a wonderful book , but the kindle version sucks . None of the hyperlinks works . I can not navigate through the book and have to read according to the arranged order . At the moment I can only read the morning part everyday . Not sure when I could reach the evening part . I wish I could return this book .
 I downloaded a sample of this title and it crashed my Kindle . I do not recommend it for that reason solely .
 I was looking for something more personal , this was more preachy . I since have purchased another daily devotional that I enjoy very much .
 Disappointed for lack of table of content . I do n't remember if the caption for the book stated if there were not toc or not .
 Unfortunately , the text is in the Old English style that I find difficult to read and difficult to follow the thought . It is all there and likely accurately taken from the original , I just do not find it to be a relaxing read , I have to think too hard to switch words around in my mind to make it make sense . Spurgeon 's Morning and Evening is truly a GREAT devotional , but I would highly recommend a more modern translation .
 I 'm assuming based on the cover that the publisher is the same with the poor formatting of Spurgeon 's 5 book Christian Classic . I previewed this after seeing the negative reviews and now understand where they were coming from , especially when this is available in many other versions with actual links to each day.buyer beware
 I am disappointed with this devotional . It is poorly set up and seems to ramble without much to be gleaned . Oswald Chambers work is a much better example of what a great devotional should be and this does not come close .
 I just downloaded this book to my Kindle ; my husband downloaded this book to his Nook . The formatting on the Kindle is sub-par , there are no chapters ; can not navigate except page to page . The Nook edition is the same price but is formatted so much better with chapters for each day and with no extra spaces in the middle of words . Although I should not rate the book without reading it , I 'm sure the content will be good ; however , a heads-up for those who are particular with formatting -LRB- and I 'm not ! -RRB- .
 Ca n't complain much since it 's just .99 , but having no chapters or table of contents makes this book hard to navigate .
 It 's not terrible , but it is n't great -LRB- none of the `` interactive CD '' ones I 've seen are -RRB- . It does n't substitute for a good book -LRB- like Mounce 's , which for its shortcomings is still my favorite -RRB- . Verbal pronunciations are very helpful for not only learning to pronounce the words , but to memorize the vocabulary . Since the biggest obstacle to learning Greek is knowing how English `` works '' , there are helps in this regard . Material covers an entire first year Greek course.However lessons are disappointingly very , very short , as are the `` drills '' -LRB- in other words , a lot of ground is covered in a very short lesson -RRB- . This is excusable for a textbook that assumes you have a teacher to ask questions to , but is much less excusable for an interactive program that attempts to replace the teacher . I suppose Hildebrandt does this on purpose , but I do n't like the end results . On the positive side , the lessons are generally short enough to complete in a single sitting , which for those of us who have short attention spans or not a lot of time , is a good thing.The interface reminds me of Windows 3.1 , very simple to use , and anyone who was very new to computers would be able to use the program successfully . It also means that the interface is dated - cheesy window with cheesy icons and very basic navigation.Another disappointment is that `` exceptions '' to the rules are given too much attention and end up being confusing -LRB- I 'd rather he stuck with what 's `` normal '' and pick up the exceptions in later lessons once you 've had a chance to master the earlier material -RRB- . I also have `` Greek Tutor '' , which I thought was going to be a different product , but is actually the exact same thing without the `` extra '' ebooks . The books that come with Mastering NT Greek are : Mastering NT Greek Textbook -LRB- MNTG -RRB- by T. Hildebrandt -LRB- basically this is the same thing as the program in PDF format -RRB- MNTG Workbook -LRB- basically the drills in PDF format -RRB- MNTG Vocabulary builder -LRB- sets of vocabulary words and basic definitions in PDF format -RRB- MNTG Lexicon -LRB- basically a brief dictionary written by Hildebrandt in PDF format -RRB- MNTG Workbook Answers -LRB- answers to the drills in PDF format -RRB- You 're not really getting anything that is n't already incorporated into the electronic lessons.My recommendation is to get it if you do n't have a teacher and like the interactive experience to keep you going , but supplement it with a textbook -LRB- preferably Basics of Biblical Greek by William Mounce -RRB- . If the drills are too short for you , pick up Mounce 's workbook or the `` Student 's Guide
 This order should be cancelled . The owner emailed me about 3 days after the order and said they did not have the book . Not a good experience with this seller . Will most likely not use them again.Florence
 If youre looking for a book to teach you how to pick and mix colors for painting , this book will do nothing for you . I asked for advice about color theory books on computer graphics forums and was recommended this book many times ... what a waste . The entire book is nothing but comments by the author on the use of color in classic paintings . Stupid comments about things that anyone with common sense could observe like
 I strongly disagree with the other reviewers . Some research was done in writing this book , but the writer lacks in depth knowledge of salsa culture . Also too much analysis is drawn from other genres such as the bolero , danza and plena and the conclusions applied to salsa too liberally.The author is happy to mention that black innovators Ismael Rivera and Cortijo they pushed black Puerto Rican culture into every household in the island . But rather than rejoice in this success , she destroys it by commenting that the contributions of light skinned latinos have `` whitewashed '' and diluted the music . Tito Puente , Ismael Miranda , Hector Lavoe and even the non-hispanic Larry Harlow were all light skinned innovators in the hard salsa scene of the 60s and 70s . Her second point of contention is the relationship in which salsa music deals with and portrays women . As the vast majority of musicians , singers and songwriters are men , it should be no surprise that salsa offers a mostly male point of view . But it is problematic that she chose to use a study of a Tex-Mex nightclub to make inferences about salsa when those genres never come together , and Mexican culture differs significantly from the Puerto Rican she focuses.Finally these two lines join together into a conclusion about Puerto Rican males and their view of women in relationships , white as wives , black as prostitute lovers . And hence she goes on to explain that in salsa lyrics when they sing about `` mi negrita '' or `` mi mulata '' , all they are talking about is their prostitute lovers . The problem is that all salseros , including her black heroes , use those terms.But the biggest problem is that a lot of her sources for explaining her viewpoints do not come from those same musicians , singers and songwriters who she is analyzing , so she makes basic mistakes . Regarding Cortijo 's and Rafael Ithier 's bands she claims that the `` Combo '' , was a greater musical outlet than an `` Orchestra '' . A problem arises when one considers that Puerto Ricans use the word `` Orquesta '' when referring to all salsa bands , regardless of whether it is a sonora -LRB- trumpets band -RRB- , trombanga -LRB- trombones and flute band -RRB- or combo -LRB- trumpets and saxes band -RRB- .
 Poorly put together binder with photo copies often hardly readable . The paper label on the disc had so many wrinkle I did n't dare try it . I could n't get past the poor quality of the packaging to check the content -LRB- not at that price anyway -RRB- .
 If you look at the other posts to this and other books that are similar , you will notice that the authors are ` fake ' users or the publishers themselves . Ask yourself why must a publisher us such tactics to sell their item?In fact , when you go through to see other reviews from many of these people , you will notice there are no other reviews or they are of spam-like books . Quite frankly , do not purchase this book . Look for another source of information than one that relies on horrible marketing tactics.I only wish this could have helped me in my recording endeavors .
 I can only assume that those professional reviewers who reviewed this novel were not in any way familiar with the setting that Miller uses for this novel . The Hopewell of the WWII years and the post-war period in no way resembles the one depicted in this book . As someone who grew up in the Petersburg-Hopewell-Fort Lee -LRB- then Camp Lee -RRB- environs , I am fully aware that Hopewell , far from being a sleepy little rural town , was a thriving manufacturing center with a fully staffedpolice department , a good educational system , and law enforcement was not in the hands of a one-man sheriff 's department . I picked this up to read because of the local setting and the further I read , the further my jaw dropped.I can only guess that Mr. Miller picked up on the town name and its proximity to a large military base and wrote his book without doing any actual research.If one chooses to use an actual locale as the setting for a work of fiction , one is then obligated to maintain the integrity of the setting even though the people and plot are fictional .
 Did not help me at all in my pediatrics class . It is easy and fun to read but it was not in depth enough for my pediatric exams -LRB- I used this book for 2 pediatric exams -RRB- . After reading this book and not getting any results I bought Child Health Nursing by Mary Hogan and that book was a live saver . After reading that book I scored above average on my pediatric final and on the NLN pediatric state test !
 This book , the second volume of the widely-acclaimed Buru quartet , allegedly written up later from recollections of stories told aloud in prison by one of Indonesia 's most famous political prisoners , reads more like a tract written by a committee with a strong political agenda . The prose is turgid and tension builds up to a certain point and then peters away in the weakest prose I have read in print in many years . The poverty of the story line is striking . There is only one memorable character and she is so , I suspect , only because I remember her from volume one , where she was reasonably well presented.Even when something vaguely dramatic happens , it occurs off stage and is reported by a letter or by somebody who heard of it from somebody else . This absence of on-scene action is the fatal flaw of amateur fiction the world over . I keep wondering how this book and the series it comes from could have obtained such a great reputation , unless the story sounds infinitely better in the original Indonesian . But the loudest praise comes from reviewers in overseas publications who would not have read it in the original . Did they read it at all ? Or was it the politically correct thing to praise ?
 I read `` This Earth of Mankind '' about a year ago and since then , I was wondering what happened with the characters . I do n't like to stick with the same story for a long time , so I needed a few months to pad . In the meantime , I dedicated my time with other books and after I finished `` The Pillars of the Earth '' , somehow I decided that it was time to go back to Minke & co. I was very disappointed with `` Child of All Nations '' . First of all , you will need to read `` This Earth of Mankind '' before touching this book . These books are not independent . If you do n't read `` This Earth of Mankind '' first , you wo n't have any idea of what is going on . Or maybe let me correct myself ... You may get an idea of what is going on because basically there is no much going on.Proer spends pages , pages and more pages preaching on Indonesian cast society and all the craziness that was the Dutch colonization . I got the point !!! He was obviously more interested in that than in the story . All the action on this book could fit 5-10 pages.I like historical novels , not history books . This is 95 % history and 5 % novel.Two stars because at least I read until the end -LRB- although I totally forgot if there was a conclusion -RRB- . This book was mostly waste of my time and I lost my interest on the `` Buru Quartet '' .
 This is an unbelievably bad book . The story , including the identity of the villain , is obvious within the first chapters . The characters , dialogue and situations are so unbelivable as to be ridiculous . If the protagonists in this story graduated from medical school , I might consider sending my hamster , because they seem to have about an equal intelligence level . David and Angela should have figured this whole mess out even before I did , but they were too busy listening to their daughter 's improbable dialogue , answering her with trite , cutesy nonsense , and putting her into situations that should have made them lose their parenting privileges . Cook should leave polemics about HMOs to the analysts and concentrate on basic writing techniques - plot , character development and dialogue .
 This book was unintentionally laughable . The dialogue was absurd - I guarantee that no one in the world has ever uttered the words these characters do . Of course , the bad dialogue is only half of the problem - the ridiculous plot is the rest . The synopsis should read `` Two doctors , thought to be brilliant , behave like idiots in a quest to solve a mystery . '' The plot was so transparent that I kept reading , hoping that there would be a twist or something worthwhile to take from the book . Sadly , that was not the case .
 Complete waste of time ! I am done reading Robin Cook books for now . . The story line for this book is so stupid I am amazed Mr. Cooks editors even allowed it to be printed . . I 'm not sure about the hospitals where Robin lives or works at , but in the area where I live , if just one patient died there would be an immediate investigation , but here we have several patients die from unknown causes and the characters just move along like it 's no big deal . . The Wilsons even allow their daughter to be admitted !!! Give me a break !! Like I said . . do n't waste your time on this one !!
 While the story line was tolerable and interesting at times , the preachiness of ` educating the reader ' about the favorite ` special interest ' of the author really comes across to clumsily that it detracts from the overall flow of the book -LRB- every few pages there seems to be a jab here and there thrown in to meet some sort of a PSA quota . -RRB- The story line is not as good as Toxin , but this title is slightly less offensive in the constant regurgitation of the ` healthcare system = evil ' message than it is in Toxin .
 I recall loving `` Coma '' which was Robin Cook 's first novel . My advice to him now is to give up writing . Fatal Cure has these starry-eyed former Boston med students being offered good positions with a hospital in Vermont . It is all so trite and obvious when they are offered a great home from the bank and everyone on staff is smiling ear to ear . Others have told you the basic plot , but it opens with an orthopedist being depressed about the deaths of two of his patients who had been doing very well until hospitalized . These new kids on the block are not interested in this said orthopedist 's supposed suicide , nor checking his patient records . The new doctor begins having the same problem , yet he accepts his patient deaths as his fault . Duh . His pathologist wife is being sexually harassed and although she is an independent and outspoken woman , she says nothing about it for way too long . This book is about an HMO dictating what patients will be treated and where -LRB- ER or inpatient -RRB- . The author says the health crisis in this country is our government 's fault , when in fact I firmly believe HMOs are the problem and Cook even proves that in this silly book !! It all ends after many ridiculous moves by our two fledgling doctors and then who do they go to work for in NY ? An HMO !!!!!!!!!!! So bad . Shame on you Robin Cook . Do n't waste your time , folks , unless you want a good laugh .
 A thinly disguised rant about managed competition , seen of course from the Doctor 's point of view . The two protagonists are unbelievably stupid , but then they would have to be for such a week plot to survive the full length of the book . This is the first Robin Cook book I have read and is likely to be my last .
 Robin Cook has a political message , but is not content to let the message come across with anything less than the force of a sledgehammer . He has rammed the same message about managed care down the readers throat one time too often . I found this book was extremely annoying to read , despite the fact that I agree with the message ! Dr. Cook does not seem to even try to develop his characters , and the writing is what one would expect from an eighth grader , not a mature author . Do n't waste your time reading this one !
 Robin Cook 's `` Fatal Cure '' is more of the same from this best-selling author . As is standard , Cook takes a development in health care that is disturbing and expands it into fantastic proportions . In this case , the disturbing element is the increased emphasis on cost at the expense of patients ' health -- all courtesy of HMO 's . `` Fatal Cure '' tells the story of two young doctors -LRB- Angela and David Wilson -RRB- who move to an idyllic Vermont town when they are able to land jobs , one at a hospital and another working for the only HMO in the area . David 's patients begin dying at an alarming rate , and the deaths defy diagnosis . At the same time , they turn up the body of a doctor in their basement . The dead man had disappeared relatively recently , and the Wilsons -LRB- Angela , especially , as she becomes obsessed with the matter -RRB- seek to unravel the mystery surrounding his death . Their efforts , however , do not please the town , which responds with threats , vandalism , and hostility . And as if these two problems are not enough , there 's the rapist who has been claiming victims in the hospital 's parking lots.The story is thoroughly transparent , and while the precise identity of the culprit might not be obvious , the reasons behind and causes of the patients ' mysterious deaths should not be any surprise -LRB- and should n't have been a surprise to the Wilsons -RRB- . The lack of surprise is due largely to the transparency of Cook 's political message . The characters ' motivations do not seem to be entirely consistent with reality , especially as the two young doctors repeatedly endanger their daughter 's life by taking her into high-risk situations . Angela , for example , takes the girl with her when she goes in search of her missing husband rather than leaving the child with her grandparents . That factor , more than the political intrusion , is especially disturbing . Cook does know how to string together dramatic events , but the characters are too dull to figure out what is obvious , and the writing is rather poor . For Cook 's fans , though , none of these problems will come as a surprise or present any difficulties . For people in search of realism or intelligent and multi-dimensional characters , look elsewhere .
 Same story as contagion , also by Robin Cook , but not as well written . Reads as though it was written in one week-end , do n't waste your week-end reading it !
 Irritating to follow the continued stumblings and bickering of two disfunctional MDs and their small child . The child comes off as being the smartest and most intelligent of the family . No more Robin Cook for me .
 I 'm sure you 've read the plot synopsis by now , so I 'll skip it and get to the real review . This book is a long , contrived , boring piece of unrealistic drivel . This guy went to Harvard ? It reads like an Encyclopedia Brown mystery , except you figure it all out much quicker . The characters are underdeveloped and frighteningly unrealistic -LRB- not to mention just plain stupid . It took them 400 pages to figure out what was going on ? Maybe they went to Harvard , too -RRB- . Evidently , in Dr. Cook 's world nobody ever utters an obscenity or does anything risque or more involved than `` making love . '' We get pages and pages about a man having an affair with his business associate , been when it comes to the pivotal moment the experience is summed up in two words . Sounds like Cook is as prudish as his main characters . Skip this book unless you enjoy mind-bogglingly bad literature -LRB- a la `` Mystery Science Theater 3000 '' , perhaps -RRB- . This is my first , and last , Robin Cook novel .
 I did n't get much out of this . . I am a widow of 18 months , and was hoping for direction or points to follow to better equipt myself for this journey through grief . . I would n't recommend it if you are looking for guidance or help along the way . .
 In using this edition to teach a college course , I found that the editorial notes were vastly inadequate , and I ended up having to make a supplementary glossary for students . For that reason , I do n't recommend the New Mermaids edition .
 Mindless , stupid , unsophisticated and sexist junk featuring the `` oh so californian sweetharts '' on the world 's biggest quest
 His later books are great , but this ? Yikes ! I bet he wrote this himself and then started hiring ghost writers for later books . Animal Speak is a classic ; his work with the fairy realm is terrific ; but the writing here -- ! Do n't torture yourself .
 This book is an affront to the ideals central to the Qabala . It diverges greatly from the principal teachings of this system , most notably the Sepher ha-Gilgulim and the Sepher ha-Bahir . It has taken some of the ideas introduced by the Golden Dawn , a system which , I might add , does take proper responsibility for the material it is propagating , and mutates it into something convenient and simple . The Qabala is about disciplined study , not dime-a-dozen charlatanry
 While Jeff Wells does an excellent job capturing the tenor of the times he does Tommy Burns a grave disservice in treating him as the bad guy of his story , and Johnson the great hero . Burns could have done what previous holders of the heavyweight championship had done , and flatly refused to give Johnson a shot at the title . But , unlike the others , he allowed Johnson , a black man , his big chance . It was Johnson who turned his back on his race and denied similar opportunities to Sam Langford , Joe Jeannette , and Sam McVea . Jack Johnson was a talented fighter , but not much of a human being .
 A couple of weeks ago I was invited over to Lyle 's house for dinner for some weird Canadian holiday called `` Boxing-Day '' . When Lyle first called me and asked if I wanted to come over I was a little hesitant to make myself public again because I might have to talk about the Jack-Russell-Terrier . After listening to that Dog-Rat bark over and over , I decided it was in my best interest to go over to Lyle 's and regain some of my sanity that the Jack-Russell-Terrier has been stripping away from me since it 's un-holy insulting arrival to MY house . I called Lyle back and told him I 'd be there ONLY if no-one would mention the Jack-Russell-Terrier or Morris -LRB- unless of course they had found him -RRB- . After I hung up the phone with Lyle , I realized that I did-not know anything about this Canadian-custom of Boxing-Day . Since both mom and Dad were home I was unable to go on Dad 's `` golden '' computer and research it , so I had to research it in my head and on Home-Box-Office 's - boxing-show . As I watched two guys in a ring punch each-other merciless for a while , Dad walked in and started talking at me about something or another , so I just went up to my room and closed the door . Does n't he know I do n't want to speak with him due to his treachery against Morris?As I sat in my room I wrote down the things I noticed about watching the boxing show : Boxing GlovesRobeShortsAngry-FacesDue to my time limit I was forced to prepare my outfit for the Boxing-Day celebration quickly . I snuck into Mom 's room and grabbed a robe that closely resembled what the gladiators wore to the ring . There was a problem though . I noticed some loop in it that said some-thing about some-one named Victoria , I ripped at it until it came off , tearing a hole in the robe in the proccess . I was upset with the robe at first , but I figured that the hole probably made it look like I 've used it before in other Boxing-Day celebrations . I wanted to fit in.Now with that taken care of I ran to the basement to get my boxing-gloves that I use on my Sock 'em - Bop-Buddy inflatable punching-man . I wanted to make sure I still had some of my old moves , so I punched at it for a while -LRB- mental note
 i ordered this item despite the negative-recommendation written by other users assuming that i will get the item no matter what . i requested it one month before the exam day , but 5 days left & still i did n't get the item neither an update from the seller ! so i contacted the seller where he advised that it is a tracking-system-issue & will be solved within a week or so ! which means , exam is already over!so i asked for refund & recall the item back ... two days later i got the refund!i hoped the processing speed for sending the item was as much as refuning itself !
 I do not know why those CD 'S are sold whit out the book `` IELTS 5 '' . Anyone can not practice if you do not have the book .
 Mr. Halberstam has written a great book for someone doing a research project on a history of early radio . As a person growing up in the New York area , I found it very dry and , unfortunately , repetitive . Information from the section on World Series broadcasts was repeated in sections on the Dodgers , Giants , and Yankees . -LRB- Perhaps the author does n't expect anyone will read it from cover to cover . -RRB-
 The prose is outdated and verbose , seemingly put together by a jobless college professor.The information is not at all what I was looking for . The author discusses at length the religious/spiritual aspects of masonry.I do not recommend and wo n't even resell my copy - straight to the trash can !
 Very bad , does n't explain the meaning of the masonry . Do not waste your time unless your a genius about the masonry , I did n't understand anything about it and he did n't even say what they were .
 I am an active Freemason and reguarly read as much on the subject as I can . I must say that this is one of the worst books I have read regarding Freemasonry . I think a lot of it has to do with the time it was published -LRB- the last century -RRB- . Even for a Mason , the reading is slow and dull . Save yourself the time , do n't read this one .
 The title says alot I my expectations were high . Too bad they were not met.After reading pages after pages I sit with the fealing of getting very little substance and my notebook has barely any good points worth writing down . If you want to know the message freemasonry teaches and how they use the symbols , there are far better books than this . Some of those books are even free .
 This book was originally published in the late 1800s !!!! If you want ` out-of-date ' pro-Christian , totally biased wordage then this is the book for you . The dust of the ages still cling to this ` resurrected ' edition . It should have been left to RIP ! It does a great disservice to the Fraternity , presenting it in a light which should be hidden under a bushel . I give it -LRB- 1 -RRB- as I personally acknowledge that all written material merits something . This book does have covers after all ! A UGLoE Mason .
 Nothing in the on-line description of the book nor on the flapscan prepare the reader for this mishmash of 19th century prose and repetions in what is actually a series of lectures delivered ??? There are no dates , or explanations for the writing in these verbose , boring lessons .
 I admit to making it only through the first 100 pages of this collection of formulaic plots and characters . Essentially this book is a collection of cliches , one laid atop another.It 's a dark and stormy night - literally - and the German submarine launches a spy - a woman , just to give it a modern twist - into the sea . On shore , a man and a woman acting as shore patrol steal a bit of touchy-feely -LRB- ca n't have a man and woman together without sexual tension , right ? -RRB- and then terror strikes.Off in the English Isles , a man with a deep , dark past is teaching others how to kill ... It does n't take long - perhaps a half-dozen pages - to realize that you 've read all of this before in other novels.The characters are not only paper-thin , but retreads as well . The plot is so overblown and so filled with holes that it is impossble not to trip over the potholes.Best to pass this one by.Jerry
 I was n't familiar with this author , but heard an interview where he discussed this book . He mentioned that he reconstructed the last few months of FDR 's actual life to see how an assassination attempt might have fit in fictionally . It sounded like the focus of the book was FDR 's last days , with an assassination plot woven in . Just the kind of historical fiction I 'd be interested in.However , I 've read over 60 pages and am giving it up . FDR has barely been mentioned . The dialogue and description have a modern flavor , rather than putting you back in the 1940 's . There are none of the details of everyday life one would expect in historical fiction . The guns described in an early chapter almost have more personality than the human characters.It is what it is , probably a good thriller if that 's what you 're into . But if you heard the same misleading interview I did , you ought to know that 's what it is .
 AG starts out well . Very well . Vividly , excitingly , pulse-poundingly well . The writing is entertaining , the story fast-paced . That 's just the beginning , though . The great bulk of AG is given over to cliche characters and a highly contrived story . These would be excusable in a novel of the genre if they were n't so bloody predictable . I listened to AG on the daily commute . The first tape was a shot of caffeine straight to the veins . The next 10 or so tapes were a cup of hot milk on a humid day as the doldrums set in . In a word , boring .
 What an interesting topic ! Unfortunately , however , the list of the top 100 people of the millenniumseems distorted by misunderstood patriotism.For example , the top spot got assigned to Edison , for some quite nonobvious reason . Sure , Edison was a fineinventor , but even during his lifetime there were non-USinventors whose inventions had greater impact than Edison 's . And to let him preside over the entire millennium will reallyseem like the most amazing stretch of patriotism , at least to foreigners.The unsuspecting reader is left with the impression thatEdison was the most important contributor to the lightbulb , although he was just one of those who improved it.Goebel invented the first true light bulb in 1854 , Woodward and Evans patented one in 1875 , Swan built onewith carbon filament in 1878 , and Edison purchased the1875 patent and had a team of co-workers trymany alternative materials untilthey were able to prolong the burning time in 1879 . Likewise , most of Edison 's numerous other patentswere just improvements of older inventions -LRB- exception : the grammophone -RRB- . Moreover , even the 19th century -LRB- leaveallone the entire millennium -RRB- saw greaterinventions than the light bulb or the grammophone , e.g , gasoline engine and car -LRB- Benz ; note that it is the carindustry that became the TwenCen 's dominant industry , not the light bulb industry -RRB- , or the dynamo for makingelectricity -LRB- Siemens -RRB- , or the electric motor -LRB- Faraday -RRB- . Other contemporaries whose impact exceeded Edison ` sinclude Darwin -LRB- evolution theory -RRB- and Haber -LRB- artificialfertilizer , most influential TwenCen invention accordingto NATURE , July 1999 , p. 415
 As someone just getting started Tuna fishing , I found the book short on instructional material . The history and background on Tuna was interesting . However , the author gave no tips or guidance on boat handling once a tuna is hooked , nothing on strategies for trolling , and very little on the types of water or visible structure to search for . I must now go out and find a book with more how to information .
 I am not happy with this publication . I wanted to send it back but could not find the shipping document . Some of it is illegible as it is just photo copied from an original . Thank you for allowing me the opportunity to give a review .
 The 900 Days , The Siege of Leningrad , Harrison Salisbury -LSB- 1908-93 -RSB- ; Harper & Row -LRB- 1969 -RRB- The book title should be , `` The 900 Pages . `` The rampant redundancies in Weigley 's `` Eisenhower 's Lieutenants '' & Evans 's `` The Coming of the 3rd Reich '' have kindred spirits in this disorganized fiasco.Salisbury is by far the better writer -LRB- no comparison -RRB- . Yet all three authors achieved almost identical results - self-indulgent , interminable narratives that a reader will never want anything to do with again unless the indexes are useful to track down exact dates & isolated facts.What could have been a classic - it 's a tremendous story - was , instead , ruined by Harper 's refusal to pare the manuscript down to a manageable size . Throughout these 50 chapters , Salisbury methodically plods through the numerous successive catastrophes suffered by Soviet civilians , many of whom are profiled extensively during the account of the three-year ordeal . Also appearing are an extraordinary number of local & nationally-ranked Russian politicians . Their desperate efforts are also inexhaustibly chronicled.All of these people are introduced & their ordeals discussed . If they are n't killed by German shells or by starvation , they 'll be back later . But for now , more & more new & newer people surface - commissars & poets , thieves & 2nd lieutenants , bread bakers & factory workers . Mr. Salisbury wants you to meet everyone.And woven into & around the above stories in almost all of the 50 chapters are the accounts of the dozens of battles between 1941-44 , involving an almost infinite number of individual Soviet armies , corps , divisions , brigades , regiments , & battalions.There are an equally staggering number of German armies , corps , divisions , etc. . Every time each military unit retreated ten miles , advanced fifteen , or just went to bed for the night , its full title - `` 1ST Battalion , 34th Regiment , 44th Division , '' etc. is repeated in is entirety.The results are n't hard to anticipate.There is absolutely no way that 900D should have exceeded four hundred pages . Crammed with mind-numbing minutiae & incessant bottom-page footnotes -LRB- some of which actually continue on to the bottom third of the next page - jammed in front of another hefty footnote -RRB- , it tops out -LRB- rather , topples over -RRB- at nearly six hundred pages.Maybe we 'll luck out someday , with the publisher or an inheritor of the manuscript re-issuing a sensibly edited version of a story that deserved to be written succinctly , as well as passionately.Mr . Salisbury 's obituary -LRB- NY Times , July 7 , 1993 -RRB- can be read via Wikipedia ; drop down to the bottom of the page & hit the link . It includes a fawning professional endorsement of 900 Days , by C.P. Snow -LRB- 1905-80 -RRB- .
 I did n't really expect it . It 's a very tough book only suitable for historians . It 's not the narrative and entertainingly book that I expected .
 The review that stated that Salisbury writes about ` The first 90 Days ' is correct!Leningrad was a siege and a stage for several battles arround its outskirts and ... no map ! No geography!What the author does most is to describe the hardships of his `` peers ''
 Salisbury 's semantics say it all
 Having made 2 trips toSt . Petersburg in the past 3 years , both guides highly recommended this book . It is incredibly well written , both the background leading up to the atack as well as the hardships over the next 2 + years . The fortitude and heroism portrayed give a much better understanding of the Russian people and what they endured .
 Read this book by all means , but do n't buy this edition . The print quality is awful ... the text , photos and maps are blurry .
 Salisbury certainly must be embarrassed by this book . It is not even an acceptable first draft . If the title were changed to ` The first 90 Days ' it would be more accurate . His time line is a mess . He space is just as bad as he provides no sense of the geography or the role it played . Reader never knows when and where he is . Also , Salisbury writes as though artists were the only ones to suffer the horror ... ignoring the 1 million others who died.I bought this book because of the reputation of the author . Silly me . I wasted my time ... and lost a hero.To learn of the siege , read Glanz 's two books ... one on the military history , the other ... the history of the `` City of Heroes '' during the siege . Both are first rate .
 The book , in an attempt to teach children about the injustice of prejudice , actually trivializes it . A little girl wanders into the busy downtown area of a segrgated southern city apparently oblivious to the danger around her . She mistakes a `` Whites Only '' sign on a public fountain as a direction to wear only white socks while drinking . A white townsman is very angred by this and a confrontation ensues . What I found disturbing about the story was the amount of violence against a little African American girl at the hands of a caucasian adult male and the African American adults who come to her aid . The white man is shown to `` whup '' the child and all of the adults none of whom seen willing or able to defend themselves . Given that there is no mention of the role of non-violent resistance in the Civil Rights movement , the African American adults simply appear helpless or worse witless . The day is saved when a `` magic '' man comes along and points at the white man and begins to whisper incantations . The white man runs away for fear and the whites only sign comes down forever . At the end of the book there is an illustration of a Chicken wearing a bandana like the one the white man was wearing . What is the messege here ? That African Americans were passive ? That they failed to teach their children about the dangers of the segrgated south ? That they fought injustice with magic ? If you want to teach children about the foolishness of prejudice , I suggest `` The Story of Ruby Bridges '' which focuses on courage , faith and determination .
 I 'm with SA -LRB- Alabama -RRB- ... I 'd like the kindle edition of this classic , but there 's NO WAY I 'm paying that much for an e-book this old . What are they thinking ??? I 'm buying the paperback used .
 WTF ! This book is 58 years old ! The Author , who is a master , has been dead for 18 years . The book cost about $ 2.50 to make and they are selling it for $ 9.99 . How come Macmillan/Tor do n't get it ? Even Spectra understands because they sell the Foundation books for $ 5.99 . This is pure price gouging by the publishers in my opinion .
 I have always enjoyed Isaac Asimov 's nonfiction books but this one is just too dry and too technical . While he usually excels at explaining difficult scientific concepts to the laymen , he lost this layman a lot . I did enjoy the historical parts of the book and the last chapter on longevity was worth reading the entire book to get to . It was its one shining moment .
 This book is an exploration of a number of scientific related information that Asimov knows so well . It is a bit dry and not like his novels.More of a textbook than anything else .
 I can say that I am a reasonably competent home chef with an above-average knowledge of technique and most necessary equipment to get the job done . Having said that , I was impressed with the photos of nearly every featured recipe in this book and find the recipes to be admirably aggressive in their taste and texture contrasts . The recipes , however , are nearly all flawed in some significant manner in that following them verbatim will result in poor results . Even when this is not the case , I find these recipes to be `` out of whack '' from a taste perspective by any gastronome 's standards and in need of serious tweaking . If you have good kitchen skills and seek to be inspired by the ideas in this book , then I would suggest it -LRB- USED !! -RRB- ... otherwise , there are much better cookbooks that will yield far superior results .
 My husband is a chef , I cook and bake often , and was even a personal chef . We 've tried two of these recipes so far and neither have worked ! One of them was completely off in the dough and could n't possibly have worked and the other we are still working on . It 's for a portion of a recipe that has toffee . We have resorted to finding another toffee recipe online and will try to make that and incorporate it in the recipe . It is very disappointing ! I 've tried this portion 3 times now with no luck . Thats just not right . Buy this book only for the photos and try to make them by using other recipes that you know and trust or use a reputable site with user reviews . We 've ate at Trotters and it was good , but we 've both had better meals for less money .
 ... Charlie Trotter 's dessert is of limited to no use for a Continental/European Chef/Cook . Weights and measures are all in cups and ounces.Still maybe undestandable for a European Chef but impossible to work for instance a Russian Chef -LRB- These are the people who buy these books because they want to learn.They have little chance to travel yet , so have to rely on books to improve their skills -RRB- I have checked , quickly only , through the recipes and gave up , there are also certain facts not right -LRB- Original Linzer cake you do n't make with raspberries but with ` red currants ' . Also recipes are using to many US specific names and terms , i.e. what is a Meyer lemon ? And for the poor amateur cook?Well , look at the pictures and go have dinner where Trotter is cooking ! Had I known before , I would not have purchased the book . Benedikt Morak , Executive Chef -LRB- from Austria ,35 years i nthe business -RRB-
 I was so excited about this book , and I ended up returning it . I think there was only one recipe that I wanted to make . This book is way too complicated - and I use Pro Pastry Chef all the time ! The ingredients alone ... sheesh ! Buy a Rose Levy Berenbaum book instead .
 Get serious people , there is no way in a million years that most of us would ever successfully assemble one of these over-the-top recipes presented in this book . The extravagence displayed here is totally off the deep end , and is beyond the means or talents of most cooks , so why market this cookbook in the first place ? Only other professional chefs would be capable of pulling it off , but they are also capable of making up their own fabulous recipes without Charlie Trotter 's help.Supposedly , we are to `` draw inspiration '' from these recipes . What a load of crap . I could take a second-year violin student , throw the sheet music for Paganini 's 24 Caprices at him , and tell him to draw inspiration from the music , even if he could n't hope ever to play it . What is the point of that , other than to frustrate a person?This is nothing more than ridiculous self-indulgence on the part of another celebrity chef who apparently does n't give a damn about we lesser beings who are simply trying to put a nice meal on the table .
 Great novel if only I could get it delivered . I have ordered this and other Sabatini books from Amazon and have yet to ever receive one . The last one was perpetually backordered . For months and months I received messages asking if I still wanted the book . Then it was cancelled . Then mpnths latter I ordered another again and that was backordered as well .
 It 's not bad , but it certainly does n't merit the enthusiasm shown by some reviewers . It 's basically a conventional romance plot , with characters whose motivations are completely unbelievable -LRB- it 's never explained why either of these guys has the slightest interest in the other except that `` they just fell in love '' and are drippingly hottalicious -RRB- . If this were a heterosexual romance it would be completely unremarkable and hardly anyone would pay attention to it . I fail to understand how changing one character 's sex makes anything special out of what would otherwise be a tired potboiler . People should demand something more interesting , and more inventive , from fiction .
 From all the recent hype , I checked out Latter Days as soon as I could , read it in one sitting , and absolutely hated it . The scenes , seperate from the book -LRB- as seen on in the movie trailer -RRB- is actually quite beautiful , but once it 's put back into the novel and subjected to pages of plotless , mindless writing that has no moral and no endearing connection to the reader , the scenes lose their value . It 's a cheap love story , the main problem being that the book is unable to convince the reader that between Christian and Aaron there is truly a love beyond physical attraction . It 's shallow and uses the age-old , used and abused idea of the series of `` miraculous incidents '' in which , at the very end -LRB- and only by chance ! -RRB- do the two lovebirds come together `` as one '' . The author 's stab is humor is pitiful , and the book is so horrific it may be hard to put it down . I highly recommend any book of Jim Grimsley 's over Latter Days , which has as much value as a broken penny .
 I bought this book for myself ; I am an adult that was only recently diagnosed with ADD , and I wanted to try dealing with the problem naturally rather than always relying on drugs -LRB- which , if properly prescribed , are fine -RRB- . I will grant that there are some interesting ideas in here about nutritional deficiencies perhaps contributing to the symptoms , and they were helpful in pointing me toward researching more reliable sources on the same subject -LRB- the part about minerals like magnesium and zinc being common deficiencies I would never have known about -RRB- . But they lost me a tad when they started discussing aromatherapy and Chinese medicine , and then I started questioning most of the book.While I can appreciate this is n't a technical book , there is no attempt to show research studies backing up some of their claims , and some of the claims sounded like they were simply winging it in an attempt to paraphrase in an accessible way -LRB- `` this causes heating in the brain '' ?? I 'm hoping that was a typo -RRB- . Other claims just sounded like pure BS , like they took the word of some schmoe in a pharmacy who claimed to know a lot about herbal supplements.While I do n't doubt a more natural and nutritional approach to treating ADD works best for many people , I believe there must be far better books out there on the subject .
 This book convinced me I will never buy a book for school again . I pay $ 80 for a book and never open it.If you go to class you never need a book .
 Uffindell clearly spent lots of time walking the battlefield and has an excellent knowledge of it . He is also enthusiatic about his subject and the book is a good read . However , it is bad history . Too often , the myths about the campaign are repeated as fact . Too often questionable statements by Uffindell 's hero Wellington are taken at face value . Of course , the British did nothing worng in this campaign and foreigners like the Prince of Orange , Dornberg and Ziethen are to blame for Wellington 's errors . This book is very much inferior to Hofschroer 's work .
 This book reflects a message about what I 'm thinking is the author 's own religious bias . It 's garbage . No where does it even mention population control , overpopulation causing climate problems , the need for birth control , poverty amongst peoples with no birth control . It 's wordy .
 Tim Flannery is a paleontologist and mammologist . And a good one . He is also an environmental activist . As an activist , he has no background in climatology , meteorology or any subject even vaguely related to anthropogenic GW . Sorry ... P.S. he got the `` Ocker '' of the year award in Down-under . There is a very significant number of Australian scientists who do not support his man-madeglobal warming nonsense .
 I 'm glad the book has awoken so many scientists to the climate change catastrophe . But its `` science '' , and its plain general knowledge , are deplorable.E.g. , Page 56 tells us that the width of tree rings tells us of past climates , `` when the sun shone and the rain fell '' -LRB- giving wide rings -RRB- versus `` long hard winters or drought-blighted summers '' -LRB- narrow rings -RRB- . There 's no mention of whether the tres were well-spaced or crowded , causing wide or narrow rings respectively.Page 124
 If you want my opinion on the science presented in this book read some of the other 1 Star reviews . For me , I 'll sum it up in one statement made by the author that I 'll paraphrase , `` If the IPCC says it 's true on global warming you can take it to the bank . '' As we now know it may not to the scientific bank , but could be to the political bank . Unlike some of the other 1 Star reviewers I did read the entire book and endured the endless hyperbole based on progressive think tank conjecture and less on fact . But I did learn a few things in the 33rd and 34th chapters . The title of Chapter 33 is , `` 2084
 `` Well done China for improving the lives of your citizens '' This is one of the many quotes that you will NOT find it Tim Flannerys book . Others include `` Before the industrial revolution , average life expectancy was about 36 years of age '' and finally `` You ca n't make an omlette without breaking a few eggs '' . However if you want to know how every living thing on the planet would be better off if we disapeared , you are on the right track .
 It 's your business of where you spend your money . However , consider this fact . The author makes no mention of the Sun burning warmer and it is currently out-of-sync with the Maurder minimum , the present established base line of solar activity . Bottom line up front
 Flanery does a very good job in describing the need to take action on climate change , and provides interesting anecdotal evidence of changes underway on the planet . So , the first 1/3 of the book is a good read . The rest of the book is disappointing , though.His exhortation to go `` off-grid '' is heart-felt , and may work for some new homes built on the margin . However , he does n't tackle the issue of how to make existing city buildings and infrastructure more sustainable . And this is key , given that 1/2 the world 's population lives in urban areas . He did n't touch on existing efforts to stop of mitigate urban sprawl , such as `` smart growth '' . Many other reviewers have pointed out shortcomings re
 The Weather Makers
 I rarely buy two books sight unseen -LRB- hardcover much less -RRB- , but in a moment of weakness -LRB- or wisdom -RRB- , I bought The Winds of Change by Eugene Linden as well as The Weather Makers by Tim Flannery . I wanted to get a solid , firm understanding about global warming and climate - a scientific and historical perspective to be able to sort out all the noise . Interestingly enough , I heard Tim Flannery on the radio and it was his book that steered me to the purchase of these two . I stopped reading The Weather Makers about halfway through . I got so tired after reading about the one thousanth , four hundreth and thirty second CO2 readings over the past that I just stopped reading it . While the empirical data was presented , the discussion on climate and how civilization was and is affected over the milleniums was weak at best and often missing . If you want a book that has it all , may I reccomend Eugene Linden 's `` The Winds Of Change . ''
 I 'm calling this a partial review because I got about halfway through the second chapter before I could n't stand the factual mistakes any more . Climate scientists were n't `` at loggerheads '' in the 70 's about the warming vs. cooling , atmospheric dust is not remotely the sole cause of soft shadow edges , blue skies and red sunsets , the Club of Rome did n't predict societal collapse by now , etc. . He managed to get something wrong on almost every page . And if somebody gets wrong the stuff you * do * know , how confident can you be about what you 'll learn from them?Now , granted that I work in an associated field -LRB- atmospheric and ocean modeling -RRB- and the details will bother me more that they will most people . And maybe he gets things right later on , at least in broad strokes . But from what I read I just could n't recommend this book with a clear conscious , especially when Elizabeth Kolbert -LRB- a journalist -RRB- can get the facts right while Kerry Emanuel -LRB- a scientist -RRB- can make them engaging . For me , at least , the first 1.5 chapters did neither .
 I 'm an agronomist and I live in Brazil . Some days ago , I tried to read online , this trash-book . This trash-book tells about `` devastating events that will take place '' if global warming continues . With the same racism and absurd of pseudo-scientific `` past '' eugenics , with green colour , this book is another proof that ecologists not only hate mixed-races persons , as also they hate trees . I can imagine how many trees were cut to print this trash-book , but I 'll show some of the fakes printed in this trash book :1 - The book argues that if atmospheric carbon dioxide levels continue to increase at current rates , the resulting climate change will cause mass species extinctions.True
 If anyone believes anything Flim Flam writes or says please contact me because I have a bridge I have been trying to sell and you may be just the person I need.In Australia there are only two men and a dog , plus the Labour Party , that pay any attention to the ravings of this charlatan.I gave him one star because he spelt his name correctly .
 I was excited to tackle this book , but my excitement faded quickly . The prose are not streamlined and there is no substantive thread to tie the quote-fronted chapters together . Of particular annoyance was the author 's obsession with going through a qualitative and repetitive laundry-list of species that are rare and in trouble . Perhaps if this list were presented in conjunction with some historical perspective this could have worked , but as is , it really does n't . I would recommend taking a look at Ruddiman 's recent book on climate and humans if you want a real perspective on the role that the `` weather makers '' have had on the physical climate system , but I have no suggestion for a good and historically-grounded book on the biological effects of human-induced climate change .
 Tim Flannery shares many similarities with Jared Diamond as scientists who turned to a wider public audience - obviously there is money to be made in selling books . The trick to it seems to be to market your credibility as a scientist to the vast technologically illiterate masses with the promise of simplifying the details into cocktail party-sized morsels.The trajectory of Flannery 's career from English major to Zoologist/Paleontologist and now the director of the South Australian Museum -LRB- of what is never mentioned -RRB- the world has produced the perfect sage to synthesize climate modeling , oceanography and the gritty details of Kyoto . Not being able to check all the facts in the Weather Makers , I have presented one example that stuck me as symptomatic of Flannery 's breathless approach . Quoted below is a paragraph on nuclear energy from The Weather Makers -LRB- Chapter 30 -RRB- . `` Three factors loom large in the mind of the public , however , whenever nuclear power is mentioned - safety , disposal of waste and bombs . The horror of the 1986 Chernobyl disaster in Ukraine was a catastrophe of stupendous proportions whose consequences , two decades after the accident , just keep growing . Thyroid cancer is a rare illness , with just one in a million children developing it spontaneously . But one-third of children under four years old who were exposed to fallout from Chernobyl will develop the disease . Seven per cent -LRB- about 3.3 million people -RRB- of the population of Ukraine have suffered illness as a result of the meltdown , while in neighbouring Belarus , which received 70 per cent of the fallout , the situation is even worse . Only 1 per cent of the country is free from contamination , 25 per cent of its farmland has been put permanently out of production , and nearly 1000 children die each year from thyroid cancer . Currently , 25 per cent of the Belarus budget is spent on alleviating the effects of the disaster . `` Now compare this to excerpts from the World Health Organization report to the United Nations on the results of the Chernobyl accident : - As of mid-2005 , fewer than 50 deaths had been directly attributed to radiation from the disaster . - About 4000 cases of thyroid cancer , mainly in children and adolescents at the time of the accident , have resulted from the accident 's contamination and at least nine children died of thyroid cancer ; however the survival rate among such cancer victims , judging from experience in Belarus , has been almost 99 % . - Persistent myths and misperceptions about the threat of radiation have resulted in `` paralyzing fatalism '' among residents of affected areas . - Except for the still closed , highly contaminated 30 kilometer area surrounding the reactor , and some closed lakes and restricted forests , radiation levels have mostly returned to acceptable levels.This then is my concern with this book - Flannery is obviously concerned about global warning but I would prefer a credibly researched approach to the problem .
 I bought the book on the basis it would be an objective and well structured argument explaining how scientists had negated natural influences on climate change - Milankovich cycles , solar activity and plate tectonics - and isolated the anthropogenic influences.However , I discovered the book is written in a mildly hysterical tone common to environmental activists . If you want to read a scientific account of climate change and how human activity is affecting the climate , read the IPCC 's Fourth Assessment Report .
 `` The Weather Makers
 Not much to say about this book . In a review of another Reacher book -LRB- `` Echo Burning '' -RRB- , I said that these books were fun reads despite their many drawbacks as novels -LRB- careless and sloppy writing , no attention to factual accuracy , one dimensional characters , plots that rely on coincidence etc -RRB- . This book is not fun , just stupid.The plot is literally incredible in many respects . The mysterious villain is telegraphed . The facts are wrong -LRB- my favorite
 Literary license is the authority readers grant a fiction writer to bend reality into an interesting story . The license is to bend , not to break . Running Blind smashes reality into some twisted mess that is impossible to accept . Impossible unless you have about a hundred pounds of brain damage.This book flat out violates the Pigs Ca n't Fly Rule . That is the rule that says that no matter what any fiction writer says , pigs just ca n't fly . Here are some examples of how this rule is violated in Running Blind -LRB- WARNING
 Did I miss something . Two books ago , Jack saves an FBI agent who just happens to be the daughter of Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and grand daughter to the President . In that book Reacher came in contact with the head of the FBI and Chairman of the JCS . So now I am to believe to get Reacher to work for them -LRB- FBI -RRB- they threaten his girl-friend . What world does the author live in , in the real world one call to the agent he saved would have heads rolling ...
 I 've loved all of the Jacker Reacher novels ... until this one . Do n't get me wrong , the story reads great , as always . However , the ending is completely disappointing . I do n't want to give it away , but it 's based on a stereotyped , way-overused , and completely false quasi-science that is impossible to happen the way it does in the book . When you see this plot in a TV show , you know that the writers are running out of ideas , as they always seem to eventually use this one . I expected better from Lee Child . Perhaps others can overlook that -LRB- or do n't realize it 's completely unreal -RRB- , but it ruined the book for me.So go ahead and read it if you ca n't stand the thought of missing a Jack Reacher novel , but if you 're new to the series , please start with another one , like The Persuader or Without Fail , or at the beginning with The Killing Floor .
 I generally have liked the Jack Reacher books , and while totally too violent , at least keep you guessing as to the ending , which is usually fairly plausible . This is the only reason I have given it 2 stars instead of one . The ending is very obvious , as to who the killer is and like all of the other people wrote , it is totally implausible that none of the FBI agents would have noticed what was going on . The whole method of killing was ridiculous and made no sense and then ... . now , for those who do n't want to know the ending , do n't read further ... to blame it on hypnosis is ludicrous and a simplistic way to try to tie knots together . Obviously Lee Child does n't know a thing about hypnosis , because it has been proven that while you can make people do silly tricks on stage , you ca n't make them do things that go against their character or will and the concept of these post hypnotic suggestions is totally bizarre . Maybe the novel should be called The Stepford Army Girls .
 I love the series but the murder method in this one is so incredibly unrealistic and lame and cheap and cliche that it totally spoils what would be a really entertaining book .
 I generally like the the Jack Reacher series and will continue to read Child . However in Running Blind the action keeps me interested until page # 157 when , he ruins the the New York sequence-and - repeats it . He refers to Ft Dix , New Jersy as `` Dix '' ; then he increases his foolishness by calling it a marine base . The navy has bases , the Corps has camps and active army has `` Forts . `` my respect takes a dip here . Fort Dix is an active for reserves , National guard , and other activitries ; too Partially active Army has camps . Come on Lee ! Where were you when you wrote this ? Is it `` deous ex machina ? '' If it is , you fell through the thin Ice . He could have gotten a huey from someone . He dose n't the address scene for this unknown marine who owes him a favor . And then he repeats his mistake . I 'm even more cncerned by the supedity of the editer who let this pass . Then through out the rest of the book are misspellings , mispronounciations . You know-I read rest of the book rather quickley . GET YOUR STUFF TOGETHER , BOY ! -LRB- BEING 72YRS I CAN DO THIS -RRB- I 've been to both Fort Dix , and it 's neighbor , McGuire AFB . I 'll bet you never even roade past the fort.Andy Davis
 I 've been entertained by the previous Reacher novels . This one is weak and inconsistent with the others . Reacher takes no guff from anyone , routinely slaps around multiple thugs , breaks bones and kills when necessary , but becomes a complacent servant to pencil neck FBI geeks when threatened ? Hopefully , Reacher will grow a pair for the next novel . Oh , and yes , the killer is obvious way early . Look for the person who is the most unlikeable and has the most idiosyncrasies . If the author of a mystery tells you something unusual , it is for a reason to be explained later . That 's in the mystery writers manual . Please Mr. Child , try harder next time . And as others have said , the murder method is absurd . A zero star rating would be too high for this drivel .
 I 'm reading all this authors books in order . I like his style short straight sentences -LRB- He is n't into the adjective game with adjectives about adjectives on top of adjectives -RRB- , the good guys are slightly flawed but prevail , the bad guys fail and the stories are involved and interesting . Simple straight comfort food for an afternoon read . The reason I rated this title so low is also simple . The whole story is about the identification of the bad `` guy '' but the person was identifiable by the reader very very ... very early in the book . Anyone that thinks about what they are reading will have to read the following 2/3 of the book knowing the ending . Very , very , ... very tedious .
 I double if the FBI Blake and dearfield are realistic characters . It seems really stupid . I guess the hypnotism thing when the women ca n't remember what happen . The audio book reacher sounds slow and stupid too . Also mr child style is very naggy . Kept repeating the actions . I would expect Reacher to be efficient . So it seems unrealistic too .
 very angry , was told by friends to purchase books through amazon , being a jack reacher follower and having read all his stories , i thought i had a new venture in running blind only to read it is the same story as THE VISITOR !! , what 's going on ? .
 I 've read about all the Jack Reacher books and I was terribly disappointed with this one . It tried to be a `` whodunnit '' and was short on the usual Reacher mayhem . That in itself is n't terrible , but this story seemed very mechanically cranked out , got awfully repetitive and after a while I really did n't care what happened . Although the ending is a big surprise , getting there was n't worth it .
 What can i say about a book in which i can pick out the murderer a quarter of the way through it ? I 'm used to LeCarre , Ambler , Greene , Sandford and others of far better quality . Child wants the reader to believe the FBI is run by morons . While this may be the popular view , I do n't subscribe to it and neither will countless others after they think about what this book suggests . I ca n't detail the offending matters without giving away the plot , but trust me
 The fourth book in the Reacher series lacks the action , pacing and plausibilty of the earlier novels . A careful reader sees the ending coming long before one should . Like Reacher , the book feels burdened by house , girlfriend and responsibility . Put him back on the road , before he stops being as entertaining as he was in the earlier books .
 This is a great novel for adolescent sex addicts who 1 . do n't know anything about the military , 2 . think the best way to keep a job is to insult your employers , 3 . think it 's cool to wear the same clothes day after day , 4 . would like to commit sexual harrasment themselves.The dialogue is simple and extensive , which keeps the pace fast.What is most astonishing are reviews on the cover calling Mr. Child 's efforts a ` masterpiece ' and ` spectacular ' . My response
 Lee Child has created an unusual hero in Jack Reacher which has provided the basis for quite a number of books now . I dimly think that the author Lee Child is British but regardless of whether he is or not his creation Reacher is designed to appeal to all of the trigger points of an American audience.Reacher is a person who can handle himelf in a scrape . He has done time in the militiary and has been trained in the art of combat.His combat traiing involved learning about firearms . He also spends him time in manual work so that he is fit . Yet he is not only an action hero.He has worked in the militiary police so that he has developed Sherlock Holmes skills in investigation . -LRB- Sherlock Holmes like skills because the Reacher books are not procedurals . No slow accumulation of facts and evidence . Reacher solves crimes by way of intuitive break throughs , just like old Sherlock -RRB- Most of the books have some referance point back to the army and Child the writer is cloying in his attempts to paint the United States Army in a posative light as an organisation which is on top of its game . One can imagine the pick up truck Republican crowd who are presumably the main audience for the books beaming with pride when there is some discourse in the books about the good old US army . Very limited discussion of the downside.Never the less the previous books have been effective enough as time fillers and a good read when one is going on a plane flight . This one however seems a little formulaic . Perhaps it is simply that I have read a few and the nuts and bolts of the construction has become clearer and makes it more difficult to suspend disbelief.The main problem however with this book is the end . Whilst it is perhaps a bit silly to say that it does not ring true . -LRB- It is a work of escapist fiction -RRB- It is perhaps harder to take seriously than some other of the books which appear to be better constructed . Still this is all subjective no doubt .
 A disappointing end to the book . The plot built well but ended in an almost farcicle fashion . Left me with a feeling akin to many 3rd series TV dramas where the plot just gets silly .
 I downloaded a badly formatted kindle version of the book . No indented paragraphs . No indentions at all ! I really felt cheated but I 'm new to the series so I do n't feel so bad as those who read it under a different title . This is a prime example of the publisher being greedy .
 Lee Child is disappointing . When reading his other novels , you are sometimes uncomfortable with what you suspect are cliches . In this one he writes about my home state , and it is n't simply cliche , it is absurd . He is a Brit writing about Americans with a completely biased attitude . The plot line is absurd . I wo n't bother to read any more of his Jack Reacher novels .
 This book falls far short of other books , such as Tripwire , which i could not put down . The book , Running Blind , is spongy , weak , lots of gaps of what is certainly not even close to possible reality . Hope the next one I read by him is up to his previous quality .
 This was not the strongest entry in this series . Personally I figured out who had done it and the motive by page 87 . The red herrings were not believable in the context so they just screamed out that they were artificially inserted to confuse the readers .
 This is the fourth of Lee Child 's Jack Reacher novels . It 's a difficult book to review for me because I thoroughly enjoy the characters , the fast paced plot , and the intrigues . As an action/mystery novel this is an outstanding book . I could barely put it down . I 've really enjoyed each of Child 's novels.Here we find Reacher getting himself into trouble once again by being in the wrong place at the wrong time and winding up smack in the middle of the hunt for a serial killer . There are many plot twists and some great false foreshadowing . The end caught me completely by surprise . Child fooled me and had me going down the wrong path of who the killer really was.The huge downturn is that the plot and set up is so farfetched and so unbelievable that it really ruined my suspension of disbelief . Granted , this sounds a little odd since most novels of this genre , including previous books in this series , have some pretty outlandish unbelievable plots . However , here Child paints an FBI that takes corruption to a level that only the most hard core conspiracy theorist could ever swallow . I think police organizations in this country , including the FBI are morally bankrupt and corrupt -- but Child goes beyond that to fantasy . What 's worse is that even if the FBI is as corrupt as what they are painted to be in the novel -- the motive of the FBI officers in this case make no sense whatsoever . In short , the setup is absurd on the grounds of logic , if nothing else . He could have written a better novel had he not take such an approach.Thus , yes I enjoyed the book -- but at the same time am irritated by it and give it poor rating .
 This is one of those mysteries where you keep reading to learn how the killer did it . You just know that knowing how and why will tie the whole story together . Unfortunately , Lee Child apparently did n't have a clue about how to pull everything together when he started this book . Child 's explanation might make sense in some alternate universe , but certainly not here . The ending would n't have been any less believable if the crimes had been blamed on space aliens.Others have already commented on Jack Reacher 's poor hygiene . Instead of carrying just a folding toothbrush , could n't the poor guy at least carry a duffel bag ? That would n't tie him down too much ... and he could at least have a change of underwear and socks . This should have given me a clue to what was to come ... a stinky ending .
 I 've read 5 other Reacher books and thoroughly enjoyed them all . This one , however , was a bust . The FBI characters were absurd and the book had a very disappointing and ridiculously unrealistic killer and method for murder . When I realized what was going on in the middle of the book , I kept hoping that there was some other explanation , but the end brought disappointment with the realization I had been right all along . I would recommend skipping this book and sticking to the other Reacher titles .
 First , let me say I have read almost all of the Reacher series in a short time . Here in Thailand , I rely on used bookshops , reading well-worn copies dropped off by travelers . -LRB- Sorry Amazon , but when I 'm in the USA it 's You , baby , Only You , trust me ! -RRB- I started with the one so many people gave thumbs down to , `` Nothing to Lose '' , in which Reacher is bouncing back and forth on the plains of Eastern Colorado between the towns of Hope and Despair . The whole concept seemed pretty fresh to me , and I liked the character , so I started reading the series . Two more and I 'm a Reacher Laureate.The Visitor -LRB- aka Running Blind -RRB- is pretty lame stuff . -LRB- Believe me , I 'm a fan and hate saying bad things about the series BUT :-RRB- The FBI depicted in this book does not exist . They would not force an unwilling lone wolf -LRB- `` bum '' , actually -RRB- to work for them by coercive threats , as depicted in this book , keeping him a virtual prisoner , even though he manages to slip away and `` go Reacher '' on those who need doing . My main beef -LRB- here 's the SPOILER part , beware -RRB- is with the hypnosis element . In all of my reading on the subject , one thing comes up over and over ... a hypnotized subject will at least balk at doing something which goes against their internal moral code . Also , a post-hypnotic suggestion has a limited life . You ca n't plant a suggestion that can be triggered months or years later.That was n't much of a spoiler , really . Most people would see this shaping up early in the book . I hate writing negative reviews , and usually do n't . Lee Child has created quite a great character here , and he keeps things moving along nicely . I especially like the little details he throws in about mechanical things . If Lee Child 's name is on the spine , I 'll read the book . But this one ... I dunno .
 I am currently reading Running Blind and was thrilled to find some of the older Jack Reacher books on Amazon . Not thrilled to see an old book with a new title . Books cost too much to pay twice . I admire you Lee and would hate to see my favorite author do something that I know Jack would not think is kosher . Please rethink this issue .
 I have all of the Jack Reacher books on my Kindle . When I saw this title I thought I had missed one . Luckily I aways read some of the reviews and noticed it was retitled . Thanks to most of the reviewers , I saved a duplication . Dirty pool on the publisher . I wonder if Lee Child is aware of this .
 was all set to buy this item - then I discovered it is `` running blind '' under another name - who is responsible for this fraud on the readers - shame on them !!!!
 Running Blind is a great book , as are all of Lee Child 's books . Retitling it and selling it as The Visitor is a dirty trick on those of us always on the lookout for a new Jack Reacher book .
 This book is `` Running Blind '' under a different title . It should be illegal to sell this book . I feel so cheated .
 I was very disappointed when I realized the book , `` The Visitor '' was the same book as `` Running Blind '' . Where is the integrity and honesty ? They should be ashamed . Will make me think twice before buying another Lee Child book !!!!
 I 've read every Lee Child novel with Jack Reacher and was set to buy this one . Thank goodness I looked here and found it is just RUNNING BLIND with a new title . The one star I gave it is for the publisher . RUNNING BLIND gets five stars .
 Repackaged with the non-US title - You should pull this from sale since it the same as Running Blind . Shame on you for peaking my interest . I almost ordered it - wonder how many you will sell to folks who have already read it under the Running Blind title . Do the right thing and make it more plain that it is the non-US version . The book is great - the one star ratings is because I hate that Amazon seems to be attempting to mislead us .
 This is a very shady practice and if Amazon is truly concerned with protecting the best interests of their customers they should add an entry to their standard descriptive summary that shows the Copyright Date , as do all paper published editions.The Publishing Date alone can be more deceptive than informative . And yes , sometimes there are good reasons why copyrighted works are n't published immediately ... but at a minimum at least it gives the prospective buyer/reader a clue that this may be a repackaged edition rather than a brand new release .
 This is my fourth Reacher novel and the lone wolf business is wearing a little thin . I am halfway through the book and struggling . Our anti-hero has yet to change his clothes and must be getting a bit ripe . Normally , this would n't be an issue , writers are not required to notify readers every time a character changes clothes -- it 's assumed . But , since the author makes a major deal out of Reacher traveling only with a toothbrush -LRB- fold-up , no less -RRB- , it becomes an issue . I find myself waiting for Reacher to launder his clothes , or as is his custom , throw them away and buy new ones . Other irritants
 Although Child takes the reader on an interesting ride that keeps him from putting the book down , much of the book is a bit over the top . After exciting the reader throughout the book , Child disappoints with an unrealistic half - baked ending resulting in a poor rating .
 I am a huge fan of the Jack Reacher novels , but this one is by far my least favorite . Not believable in the least .
 I started reading the Jack Reacher series because I did n't have anything else to do . Waiting in a hospital waiting room I bought the first book on my Kindle because I 'd remembered there was a movie about them coming out . Anyway , the first book was n't that bad . I enjoyed it . Then second and third were okay , but not as good as the first . Then we get to this one . Book four . Running Blind . When I finished it , it left me feeling angry and confused . Which is not emotions a writer should want to leave his audience with.The book follows Jack Reacher 's involvement in a serial murder case being led by an FBI task force . There were several problems right from the beginning with this whole setup . First , Jack Reacher was involved with the FBI before in Die Trying -LRB- book 2 -RRB- . He rescued the god-daughter of the President , a rising FBI agent . One of the main characters in the book was the director of the FBI . Fast forward a year and now none of these people exist ? They 're not even mentioned in the story , like the author even forgot he wrote the second book . It 's very annoying , because it makes a lot of the driving force behind Jack Reacher 's involvement in the FBI case unbelievable.Second is the method used to commit the crimes revealed near the end of the book . It 's just plain stupid . It 's like someone commits the perfect crime and at the end the author could n't solve it himself . He made the crimes too implausible . So the explanation at the end is terrible and leaves the reader angry and confused.Don ' t buy this book .
 I 've never written a review before but I am baffled by all the people who think this is the best Jack Reacher book . This book was offensively thin . The `` bad guy '' was so glaringly obvious early on and repeatedly supported as being the bad guy that I had to stop reading and come here to see what people were saying about it . I could n't believe that I was n't missing something . There must be a great twist the reveals a different bad guy . But the twist came and ... it was exactly who they told you it was all the way through . I do n't want to belittle anyone , but how thick headed must a person be not to know the end of this book a third of the way through . And the clues as to who it was were so heavy handed . I thought fur sure this character is our ruse . But it was n't . I loved the first three reacher book , then I hit this turd and he 's lost his luster . Maybe I just guessed the bad guy early and when you read with that person in mind the clues punch you in the face with striking clarity or something . Ugh ! I want those hours back . And now all I 've probably done is made you curious to read it and see if it 's really as transparent as I said it was . I 'm sorry if you do .
 As a Jack Reacher fan , Lee Childs continues to impress the reader with great story telling ability and always provides outstanding technical information .
 The great thing about Jack Reacher novels is that they are n't really cumulative . Yes , there are some details about his personal life that carry over from one to the next , but for the most part , each novel 's plot and characters are separate and each book can be enjoyed on its own , without the preceding novels in the series . For that reason , you should seriously consider skipping this one and moving on to the next.It starts promisingly . Such mysterious murders ! The perfect crime ! Why are the victims willingly participating in a bizarre , sadistic procedure before death ? What is the actual cause of death ? And , of course , whodunit?But the murderer will be apparent early on to any seasoned reader of murder mysteries . As for the other two questions -- the death ritual and the cause of death -- both are based on fallacious psychology and medicine and are so absurd you may throw the book or even a brand new Kindle at the wall . Until now , I had thought that Lee Child was a meticulous researcher , so I 'm wondering why he thought he could use a murder technique that is beyond implausible . Apart from the hilariously bad psychology , the most essential physical element in these murders is , literally , medically impossible . You do n't need to be a scientist to know this . Anyone with common sense will Google it and realize that Child has tried to pull a fast one on them . Now I 'm wondering if his seemingly expert descriptions of firearms and other technical subjects are also nonsense.Some may want to read the novel just to find out what the ridiculous ending is . If that 's your purpose , and you go into it with low expectations , at least you wo n't be disappointed or infuriated by it . But if you want a solid , logical , satisfying ending , look elsewhere .
 Jack Reacher is the same violent loner that he was in the first , second , third ... twenty-third book . Just too much violence and the end of the book is just as silly as the end of all of the Lee Child books . Lee Child writes so well , why do n't the stories live up to the writer .
 I hated this . Read the first Reacher book a couple of weeks ago , absolutely loved it and got completely hooked . Just finished Reacher # 5 and about to download 6 . If you ask me , the first two are stunning -LRB- 5 * masterpieces -RRB- , # 3 is good but not as good -LRB- different feel to it but still interesting , 3-4 * -RRB- , but this was horrible . The CIA came across as completely unbelievable , the ` twist ' was visible a mile off , and the whole thing was based on a flawed premise -LRB- SPOILER
 Running Blind was excellent , like all of Lee Child 's books . The condition of the book was alittle less than I expected , but still very readable , not torn or pages missing .
 I had high hopes for this series . I started the first novel , Killing Floor , not long ago . It was a fun read , heavy on the action and the violence , but a little light on the plot and suspense . All in all , I thought it was above average and a good start . The 2nd novel had a really odd-ball plot , but over-the-top action . Reminded me of those 80 's action movies . With the 3rd novel , the author starts going off track , and in this one , the 4th , I think he 's crashed into the ditch.The `` mystery '' is a joke . A careful reader knows who did it about 1/3rd of the way into the novel . The `` twist '' can be seen far , far in advance . Maybe when the book was written this was considered a surprise , but nowadays many other novels and movies have covered this same ground . How the murders are committed can also be guessed early on , but most readers will hold back on that line of thought since it is so improbable . Events that took place in earlier books seem to have no meaning or impact here . For example , the FBI plays a prominent role in the 2nd book . But neither Reacher nor the FBI recall events from the previous book.This book is more of a `` who did it '' novel , and less of an action packed adventure . To me , Lee Child is a much better action writer than he is a mystery writer . Reading about all of the different ways that Jack Reacher can hurt or kill people is entertaining . Reading page after page of Jack Reacher , ace MP investigator , overlooking obvious clues is frustrating and annoying.EDIT
 This novel had its elements , but the basic premise was so preposterous that it undid any good aspects . The `` bad guy '' all but acquired magic powers in order to carry out his crimes . -LRB- In the interest of not giving away the plot , there are some misleading terms in this review . -RRB- If this sort of thing was possible , people would be using it all the time in criminal activity , but they are n't -- because it 's not possible.In short , I did n't believe anything about this novel . The author must have been in a desperate mood during its composition -- even Reacher 's breakup was abrupt and not well explained . I wanted to read the whole series , having started out with the first one . This one makes me want to abandon the project entirely .
 I usually enjoy reading the Reacher series of books . But this one disappointed me . I know it is a fiction , but Reacher 's relationship with the FBI was unrealistic - a bit of a stretch . The ending was weak . This book could have been much shorter .
 A Racey book , which did not compel me to read on and finish.Found the character bold in some instances , and in others , weak
 Save yourself some time
 What woman finds a man who does n't use toothpaste , deoderant , or clean underwear , and never changes clothes attractive ? Maybe a cave woman . I could n't enjoy the book thinking of the poor people in a car or on a plane with the reeking Jack . The ending with him , of course , with a single crashing blow breaking the neck of the killer and the F.B.I. saying `` now we own you '' , well this part was n't even a one star . The book had a lot of potential , but was disappointing .
 Give me a break . I like Mr. Child 's Reacher so I 'm willing to suspend quite a bit of disbelief to get a good read . But the idea of the FBI threatening to let some mob person beat up your girlfriend if you do n't serve them and then keeping you in a locked room while you 're helping them ? Hello Mr. Attorney General ? Hello CNN ? I do n't think that 's going to be happening in America . Not to mention them standing around watching as Reacher beat up a couple of hoods while under surveillance . I 'm sure that broke a few laws too . Pull the other leg please.And then we have the MO. . Please . I doubt that scenario could be pulled off once much less four times . And I have no doubt whatsoever that it could n't be accomplished without the victim thrashing around and getting paint on the floor . Certainly would n't be a quite , peaceful death.And if Jack does n't start changing his clothes and practicing some better hygiene all his women are going to be singing is Hit the Road , Jack ... OK , I 'll have to say that even with one preposterous thing after another I still read every word . Mr. Child is a talented writer and I look forward to continuing improvement as he puts Jack through his paces . Maybe I should have given this one three stars afterall .
 I would like to get my money back from Amazon.com . I paid out the price of the book plus postage , only to find that this was the English version of Running Blind that I had already bought from Amazon.com.How about it Amazon.com ? To me , this looks like false advertising when you sell the same book with different titles.The Visitor -LRB- Jack Reacher , No. 4 -RRB-
 I 'm not going to give anything away , but I had this one solved very early in the book . How could the great Jack Reacher and the FBI not be able to figure out this mystery ? Honestly , it felt like Lee Child phoned this one in . I hope number five is better .
 This 4th book started good with the killer talking but it went downhill from there . The storyline was slow & boring . The killer & the victims was dumb . It had no action at all . This is the worst book I read in this series so far . THE KILLING FLOOR , DIE TRYING , & TRIPWIRE is worth buying but do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 This was probably one of the most sloppy , disappointing and lazy books ever ! One can appreciate the originality of the author 's idea -LRB- there is great potential there -RRB- , and I can see what Lee Child was trying to achieve , however , the manner in which he achieves is preposterous at best . Do n't blame him . Blame his editor.There are so many things that do n't make sense with the plot that you lose count after the first 50 pages . And to make matters worse , the book contains very little suspense . Chapter after chapter nothing much happens , except characters going around in circles , waiting . There is a deadline to aim for and people are dying or are in mortal danger but the protagonists are content to sit around and admit they 've run out of ideas without making the slightest effort to think of something else . The manner in which Jack Reacher is brought into the story is bizarre and non-sensical . And perhaps the one thing that really is bothersome is the manner in which the author treats the FBI agents . Reacher is the anti-establishment . That is clear . And you ca n't get much more establishment than the FBI , but to portray all of them -LRB- except one , whose only role is to fawn over Reacher 's manly prowess -RRB- as criminal and stupid , is lazy.The whole book betrays signs of laziness on the part of the author . The most blatant example being his complete lack of background or even interest in criminal profiling . He did n't do his homework and he covers it up with weak and silly arguments . And if he could n't bother to work and develop a proper plot , action and suspense , at least he could have developed characters . Instead , these people are not even two-dimensional . They 're one-dimensional , mere shadows . Heck , Reacher himself barely reaches two-dimensions . Bad , bad , bad ! It 's a good thing I did n't read the book on a flight or else I would have jumped out for sure .
 This is the same book as ` Running Blind ' . If you own that title , -LRB- good book , by the way -RRB- , do n't waste your money on this .
 This book is Running Blind sold under another title . Fortunately I read the preview of the first chapters and realized this before spending my money.Running Blind -LRB- Jack Reacher , No. 4 -RRB-
 This is the fourth or fifth `` Jack Reacher novel I have read and I enjoyed the others far more . I ca n't help thinking that this was actually Lee Child 's first Jack Reacher novel that he had n't been able to get published earlier , because there is a much more unpolished style to the writing and plotting . More glaringly , Reacher himself seems less mature as a person and we are to believe that he really would go weeks without a change of clothes or a shave , with no one complaining about the smell , and beautiful women still drawn to him.If this was n't sophomoric and jarring enough , somehow Reacher has forgotten that all he has to do to get his FBI blackmail problem to go away is to call the head of the FBI and tell him about it . If this is really book four in the last couple of years in `` Die Trying '' Reacher has bailed out the FBI by rescuing a high level FBI agent and saving the FBI from a huge embarrassing scandal . We are somehow to believe that he does n't remember this.In `` Die Trying '' , FBI agents are appropriately quite bright and only realistically misled from within . In this book we are to believe that even in a high end Serial Killer task force unit , they are inflexible and totally unable to even consider a new idea from a man they blackmailed into helping them . This is as ridiculous as the murder method is impossible.You can see in this book the seeds of an excellent writer and if you let yourself go can be carried along for quite awhile -LRB- and I can forgive phony red herrings like the office in the Pentagon scene -RRB- , but this is neither the quality of character or of plotting I have come to expect from Lee Child . This is a first novel kind of effort , not the polished output of a `` Best Seller '' quality writer.If this is your first Reacher book skip this one completely and start with `` Killing floor '' . If not , jump to book five and let this one gather dust on the shelves as Lee Child 's worst and probably first effort .
 This is the fourth Reacher novel I 've read and they 've steadily gone downhill from ` Killing Floor ' . From Lee Child not knowing diddly-squat about the military life Reacher purports to come from to the unbelievable string of coincidences in the storyline , Child totally stretches the realm of credibility.Jack Reacher is coerced in to leading a FBI investigation of several murders , and all the while the FBI steadfastly refuses to entertain any of his ideas . If that is n't bad enough for Reacher , the FBI is persistently trying to blackmail and pin crimes on him . Of course , that can not stop our hero , Reacher , from solving the murders . Heck , he even gets all the girls , but just temporarily.I guess what really turned me off about this book was that
 I bought this with the two ` Soft Target ` novels by Conrad Jones -LRB- electric thrillers ! -RRB- only to find that the storyline seemed way to familiar to be a Reacher book that I hadnt already read ... low and behold it is the same as Visitor but renamed and rebound ... not very fair really on Lee Child fans ... there is no mention on the cover of either book that they are the same ... which is naughty to say the least.Good job my two other purchases were brilliant !!
 The first book I read of Child 's was Without Fail . The book was brilliant with a wicked main character and plot . I immediately went searching for more . Other reviews have pressed the notion that Reacher 's vagrant style is slightly unrealistic and anti-civilization . Although I 'd agree that in Running Blind -LRB- aka the Visitor -RRB- Reacher 's near sightedness when it came to his living was rather annoying , in the other books I liked it . It added to Reacher 's personality and his character.However , Child has begun to take Reacher 's need to isolate himself way too far . Running Blind made Reacher come off as slightly self centered and a rendition of the loose cannon hitman in the movie The Protector.I do n't have as much respect for the plot of Running Blind as I did the other books -LRB- especially Without Fail -RRB- . It was predictable and highly unrealistic -LRB- in the sense of motive and killer -RRB- . I felt like the book built up so much and then just bombed completely in the end delivery.Child has established his pattern . Reacher meets girl . Eventually has sex with her . Kills some bad guys . Girl gets killed -LRB- or they split up undoubtably never to see each other again -RRB- . It would be nice to see Reacher with the same woman for more than one book . Or to have him settle down even a little . Although it seems that this is the event which Child seems driven to never let happen.One other thing that bothered me in RB more than it did in other books was that it seemed to me Child used a lot of shorter sentences in clusters . ie Reacher sat down . It was raining . Got up and opened the closet . Pulled on his coat and shut the door.It seemed more pronounced in this book , but maybe it 's just me.It is a little hard that Without Fail was my first book . It set such high standards for the following reads , but I 'll still read the remaining books . I have faith that there 's at least one more great book in Child 's line .
 I enjoyed the previous Jack Reacher books - except for the author 's irritating use of the word `` guy '' . The plots were intricate , yet -LRB- almost -RRB- believable . Good movie material . This one , however , was stupid . OK , I 'm not a citizen of the U.S.A. , and in fact I have never been there . But really - the F.B.I. threatening and blackmailing Reacher ? the F.B.I. shredding the Constitution in order to compel one retired MP into helping them ? No . Never . Not in a thousand years . Child , it seems , has Reached the end of Reacher . The plot 's flimsy , the story 's unbelievable , the writing ... Childish .
 I followed the advice of another reader and flipped to the last few pages to confirm what I 'd suspected . Why waste any more time?A ridiculous plot full of one-dimensional characters led by Jack Reacher and his folding toothbrush.And then there are the errors . Aside from converting Fort Dix into a Marine base , Jack manages to travel from New York State to Virginia without driving through Delaware -LRB- goes straight from New Jersey to Maryland -RRB- . And while riding in New Jersey , he sees Pennsylvania on his right . Impossible.The book might be better titled `` Driving Blind . ''
 This one was a little less cookie-cutter than his usual , but was much sillier.AUDIO
 Lee Child is my favorite author -LRB- hence my last name `` Reacher '' -RRB- , and I am sure you can read all the other reviews to see what this is about . I think the only reason I dont give this book a 1 is because Lee Child wrote it . There is n't the action represented in the first three books . Reacher takes the long way of finding out who the bad guy is when it is staring him in the face . My favorite kind of book has me guessing who the killer is throughout the whole thing . The author should make me change my mind a million times , until i finally settle on one person , who turns out to be wrong -LRB- As Child does in his previous three books -RRB- . I had the bad guy pinned within the first 150 pages , and nothing after that gave me any reason to doubt my hypothesis . If you are looking for a great suspense author , you have found him , but dont waste your time with this book . I suggest his first three .
 Okay , I 've just finished this fourth entry in the Jack Reacher series , and I 'm in a quandary . First and foremost , Lee Child is a very good writer , and although this one moves a little slower than its predecessors , it still maintained my interest -- and also `` riled me up '' a little.I think Mr. Child definitely has a poor opinion of the FBI . This is the third of the series that has some really nasty FBI agents -- bribing , blackmailing , insinuating absurdities , and even more ! -LRB- If you 've read the previous three , you will know what I mean ! -RRB- . The plot is great ; the killer 's m.o. is quite unusual and even if really far-fetched , works in that the reader never knows how the victims died ! However , I must admit , that I had the killer figured out very early . Oh , yes , Lee did try to throw us some red herrings -LRB- including the enigmatic appearance of an Army chaplain , who comes out of nowhere , and disappears back , without any explanation ! -RRB- . And maybe I 'm getting old fashioned , but come on , Jack . You have turned into a really self-centered , insensitive , self-pitying moron who refuses , yes REFUSES , to live in a civilized , realistic world . I know many readers think that Jack 's meandering all over the globe makes him a free spirit , an independent guy , no chains to hold him down . It also makes him shallow and annoying . He says he loves Jodie -- bull , Jack . You love the sex you have with her . If you really loved her , would you be so enamored with FBI agent Lisa Harper ? And all this gobbledygook about commitments and normal living , it 's just more self-centered crap focusing on your inability to live in a real world . And Child should be chastised for making Jodie the culprit in the end of the book . Oh , Jack , I had really started to like you , but even in `` Tripwire , '' I started seeing a side of you that made me respect and enjoy you less and less.You are a great detective , a remarkable physical presence , but society does n't need guys who take the law into their own hands without any moral ramifications , and a man who uses women for his immediate pleasure but just ca n't bring himself to face the truth that he is n't worth their time.Now , with that out of my system , it 's still an entertaining read , but I do n't think I 'll venture along with Jack any further . I enjoy escapist entertainment , after all , that 's what it 's all about . But do n't give me a hero who breaks all the rules and invites us to see him as a hero.Goodbye , Jack !
 ... you 'd have to be to enjoy this book . Okay , I know it 's fiction , but sooo many aspects of this book are ridiculously unbelievable . It started off with promise , but it seems as if he lost his way and just needed to finish the book . I 've read the first three in this series so far . I 'm glad I did , because if I had read this one first , I would n't have bothered with any more of his books . He 's as awesome writer and his writing style keeps you on the edge of your seat , but I fell off while reading this one ! Skip this one and move on to the next in the series . Hopefully , he recovered from his writer 's block in his subsequent novels .
 On this book I have to get personal . I read five books of Lee Child 's , this being the sixth . The others I would all rate four or five , this one is bad . What makes it bad ? Well , I had selected the perp but as I continued reading I became confused . Good writer 's share the protagonist 's knowledge of the crime as it develops with the reader but in this case Child definitely tries to insert false clues . He uses italic type when he switches from Reacher 's point of view , I will give him credit for that , he does use third person view point for one of his other characters but then inserts second person point of view for yet another , and I assume he thinks he is playing fair with the reader . We are supposed to know these two italicized inserts are two different people ? How many people would know that ? Not only that , they are so smoothly inserted I admit I was confused , thought they were the same and was forced to change my choice of perp . When the new one was unfrocked I had to admit I should have known , but that was only because I had taken creative writing courses . I would not think the ordinary reader would note the change in point of view , even I had to go back over the inserts and see that he really did maintain the point of view between the two . I felt cheated , and stupid . The story was interesting , why did he feel he had to use the inserts ? They were not essential to the plot line except to confuse the reader . I still have nine Reacher stories to read , I hope I do not encounter this type of writing again .
 About 1/3 of the way into this book it 's painfully obvious who the killer is . It could n't be that obvious right ? It had to be a red herring right ? Well , it was n't . I finished the book simply so that I could see if I 'd been right . Throughout the whole book obvious red flags should have ... WOULD have caught the attention of any characters with enough brain power to scramble eggs . It 's as if Jack Reacher 's IQ is the only one high enough to add two and two together . This is a DUMB book .
 I have read several of the Lee Child 's `` Jack Reacher '' novels and enjoyed them . Up until now . Child creates great characters -LRB- Reacher being preeminent -RRB- and has a talent for great individual scenes . His endings tend to be a bit clumsy , but I 've forgiven that in the past for the joy of the ride . I ca n't do it with this one . The solution on this one , re . how the murders are committed , is so absurd that it has effectively ended my interest in the series . I figured out the probable solution early on during the book , but I kept telling myself I must be wrong as such a solution would be ridiculous . Unfortunately the ridiculous solution was the solution . I apologize for mentioning the ending without going into detail as to what it was and what specifically was wrong with it , but there 's no way to do this without being a `` spoiler '' and I do n't want to mess up the -LRB- already bad -RRB- ending for people who do choose to buy the book . If you like Lee Child , please continue to read him but know that he has done better work than this .
 I 'm extremely disappointed in the fact that this was a `` retitled '' book . I use Kindle and could n't figure out why it was n't offered and was considering buying a hard copy -- Another copy . While I can not wait to read the next true offering of the Reacher series I guess I 'll have to consider this and all purchases as suspect . What a poor policy .
 While fairly well-written for the thriller genre , this book contains some of the worst use of psychology I have ever encountered since the early '40s , when people really believed that hypnosis was this terrifying , all-powerful technique that could drive anyone to do anything . However , the science has since then progressed and even we the hoi poloi now know better . The most cursory research should have informed this author of the basic unsoundness of his murder method . His insistence on its use grated on my nerves and utterly destroyed any enjoyment I may have derived from the book . Characters are badly fleshed-out , awkwardly motivated , and flatter than a stack of pancakes . I guessed the murder 's identity and the murder method one-third way through the book , thought to myself , Nah , it 's too ridiculous , flipped to the end and Lo , I was right ! What a waste of time .
 I strongly suggest that anyone who contemplates buying this book on the basis of the strong overall rating go immediately to the one-star ratings for a dose of reality -- and nevermnd the fact that they contain spoilers.Those slashing reviews point out many of the outrageous faults of this book . I shall therefore limit myself to just two areas.Jack Reacher is a totally immature , highly disfunctional , neurotic thug who , for some wholly elusive reason , seems to be irresistibly attractive to most women . The fact that he owns just one set of clothes which he NEVER changes over the whole course of the book and for heaven knows how long before the book starts and after it closes strikes me as making that attractiveness more than slightly improbable -- but , hey , maybe some women like a man whom they can smell before they can see.The killer 's identity is painfully obvious about half-way through the book , not from any logical analysis -- for their is no logic here -- but from the endlessly unnecessary prominence given to the character , that character 's relationships and that character 's motives . If that is not bad enough , the killer 's overall plan is an ancient wheeze that was executed with infinitely more skill by Agatha Christie in `` The ABC Murders . '' Finally , worst , is the actual method of killing , for which I have just one word
 Running Blind is a definite step up from TRIPWIRE , which absolutely stunk , but that 's still not saying much for this book.Frequent readers of this genre will figure out the motive , the method and the identity of the killer hundreds of pages before Jack Reacher and the entire FBI do . Sure I was momentarily distracted by some of the red herrings Child threw at me , not the ridiculous appearance of an Army chaplain from out of the blue towards the end , that was just lame.KILLING FLOOR and DIE TRYING remain my favorites in this series . The Jack Reacher character is getting annoying by now with his steadfast refusal to own anything that does n't fit in his pockets . That includes any changes of clothes ! Jack just sleeps in the buff and lets his clothes air out to wear day in and day out . I 'm about the same size as Jack , six foot five and 260lbs , and believe me , if I did n't change clothes daily there is no way bra-less FBI agents or gorgeous Wall St. lawyers would be throwing themselves at me . Not that they do anyway , but that 's another story.I may pick up another Jack Reacher story in the future but only if I can find it in my local library where I found this title . While these stories are mildly entertaining , they simply are n't worth the money .
 I 'm a big Reacher fan , and if you 're going to read them all - read this one . If you 're just looking for a single book to read , and heard about how awesome Reacher is -LRB- which he is -RRB- pick another one .
 Weak plot , thin characters , repetitive action . I 'm sorry , but I actually believe that you can write action and still challenge your readers just a little bit -LRB- and though even more than that would be desirable I do n't always expect it -RRB- . As with the previous Reacher book I read , this one takes us around the US -LRB- did Mr. Child have a past as a geography teacher ? -RRB- , this time hunting down a serial killer . So smart is this Reacher that he has figured out the answer around the middle of the book and his childish `` just-won ` t-tell-because-I 'm - smarter-than-you '' is probably intended to keep you glued to the book but frankly it 's a cheap turn-off . The fact that all the characters , especially the FBI agents that he loves to hate , are one-dimensional stereotypes does n't make the young blonde special agent he 's partnering up with particularly attractive despite multiple reminders that she is or is n't wearing a bra -LRB- apparently depending on whether or not her plan today is to seduce Reacher or not -RRB- . Not even the contemplating of whether or not , and ultimately why , to sell his house does n't really give him much depth . Nice try , but try again.The only thing I will comment on regarding the plot -LSB- spoiler alert ! -RSB- is voluntarily swallowing your tongue because you are under hypnosis . Oh , gim me a break!Due to the many positive reviews for Lee Child and his Reacher series I bought 3 books . The first was readable . This one , the second , kills time , at best . It will be a while until I read number 3 . If you are looking for good entertainment , look elsewhere .
 I started on Lee Child 's books with audio CDs in my car . Bad Luck and Hard Times introduced me to Jack Reacher amid other characters of Delta 10 . As I advanced through the novels that came after that , I could see that Reacher had an interesting history that kept reappearing in many of the books . Some , like One Shot , The Enemy , and 61 Hours , were amazingly strong . I decided around Christmas to get those earlier books in the series to see how it all started . The Killing Floor showed me Reacher 's connection to his brother , and it revealed that he was not always the existential hulk , big on principles and cold on consequences . I could see that Child had empathy , an interest in bad guys and what made them tick , and knew how to keep the story moving forward . Each book explored new territory , and each brought Reacher back to rediscovering an America he never knew growing up and helping small town Americans rediscover the values they had traded for entitlement and a life cut off from a concern for others . But , with Running Blind , Child seems to be stuck and running blind , himself . He moves into pure mystery , one designed to look at sexuality , Reacher 's present relationship that forces him to consider settling down or moving on , and what are his personal priorities . But , to accomplish this , he gives us a novel where the killer is obvious from the beginning and the only way to keep his readers from knowing this all along is to throw cooked-up red herrings in their path . Then , he attributes bumbling attitudes to people who do n't deserve to be slighted so easily just to make Reacher an outsider rather than the one who leaves everyone wondering , `` Who was that masked man ? '' To , then , rename the book as The Visitor has repeated the error of getting Child 's readers excited by something that is not what it seems . Let 's be happy that the real novels that have followed have brought us a hero that addresses our need to straighten our spines , increase our empathy , and bulk up our principles to deal with the problems facing us today .
 I was very disappointed to find when I started reading the book that I had already read it under another title .
 My sole and only problem with this book is that fact that it 's a big mystery ... that I figured out less than a third of the way into the book . All you have to do is ask yourself the right question about what seems to be going on at the right time , and both the ultimate motive and the perpetrator are obvious.Otherwise , the book is competently written and the protagonist engaging . Child also steps away from the previous book where he gave Jack a wish-fulfillment ending that threatened to remove all of his character .
 An interesting idea for a crime spree , but this is one padded story with a fairly predictable `` twist '' , especially as Reacher books go . And there are some scenes that make almost ZERO sense . If you 're a Reacher addict , you 'll read it anyway . If you 're not , save your time and money .
 I started reading this series because of the film , planning on continuing up at least through the book that was adapted . The first three in the series were okay , with some creative violence , but nothing really spectacular . Running Blind , however , was really really awful.The book followed Lee Child 's Reacher pattern
 The book Running Blind is just an old Reacher book that was written years ago . I almost bought the thing because the date next to the book on Amazon was Feb 5 , 2013 . Sure looked like a new release to me ! The only way I discovered it was an old book was by going to the chronological list of Reacher books . This is sleaze at its worst . Gentlemen - you should be ashamed !
 I read this a long time ago and now I own it a second time . this is a very deceptive practice , there should have been a warning so you dont screw over your devoted fans . first Tom Cruise now this . I dont like the way Lee Child is trending here .
 Hoping for an exciting read with this , my first Lee Child mystery . Unfortunately you do n't always get what you hoped for . Every aspect of this story is poorly thought out . I 'm as willing as the next person to suspend reality for the sake of an exciting storyline , but this is too implausible to be ignored . Buy a John Sandford novel instead .
 This is shockingly bad considering the first 3 Reacher books.Three main problems :1 . Reacher is completely infallible compared to everyone else . It 's bad enough that his chest is bulletproof , but in this book an MP is smarter than everyone at the FBI . The Behavioral Science Unit is not perfect , but they are certainly smart . This idea that Reacher is the only intelligent person is ridiculous . Consider the scene where he tells the profiler/hypnotist extraordinaire that what she calls ` profiling ' he calls ` common sense . ' So , that means that although the art/science of profiling took years and years of refining , failure , attempts and effort , our little MP-turned-Navy Seal-turned Sherlock Holmes-turned Clarice Starling has the same investigative abilities because of ... common sense . He is n't superman , do n't make him out to be . By the middle of the book I hated Reacher , hated what happened to character and was legitimately rooting for him to be wrong at every turn .2 . Learn the absolute most basic , fundamental information about hypnosis before writing a ham-fisted Manchurian Candidate plot . Ridiculous .3 . The `` just in time '' ending is preposterous . Like a bad episode of Criminal Minds without the attractive people to look at . If you ca n't find a way to get Reacher/Harper in the same area as the murder fluidly , then do n't do it . Let the murder happen and go about your business . The contrived deus ex machina of Reacher keeping things to himself so no one else can be involved and go check on the victim first is nonsense.Don ' t buy this book . Really . For the reasons above , and others , it is a weak , contrived book showing how the author 's work must suffer when he cranks these out so quickly . Personally , I 'm giving Reacher and Child one more shot . Unfortunately , I expect that Reacher learns to fly and becomes omnipotent in the next book changing this from some decent thriller fare to out and out superhero-fantasy .
 I read a lot , and some fraction of what I read is junk , but this book goes way past my junk tolerance level . Jack Reacher , the central character , is a mere cartoon . Some of the blurbs in the paperback edition compared Reacher to Dave Robicheaux or Spenser or Travis McGee , but each of these guys has a real , complex personality . Reacher just never comes alive . And it 's hard to see how he could . He inhabits a book devoid of a single believable situation or person . It 's an action comic for ten-year-olds , translated to prose .
 Lee Child has written seven novels about Jack Reacher , a former military cop with formidable combat skills . The strength of the Reacher novels is the plotting ; Child is excellent at throwing red herrings and plot reversals in to keep the reader off-guard . The results are usually effective thrillers , with plenty of action.Running Blind fails as a thriller . All of the Reacher novels , indeed just about every thriller , have inconsistencies , coincidences , or illogical behavior by the characters . In effective thrillers , the force of the plot pushes the action at such a pace that the reader does n't care about these problems . After all , no one readers a thriller for realism . Here , Child 's plot has women who were sexually harassed being killed under bizarre circumstances , with no obvious cause of death , and without the killer leaving a trace of how the crime was committed . Enough clues are given that most readers will realize who the killer is and how the killer pulls it off half way through the book . And the means used to pull it off would not be believed in a comic book . The sheer impossibility was so great that once I realized what the answer was , I skipped to the end of the book to confirm my belief , and then gave up on it . Child painted himself in a corner with this book that he had to rely on something that might have been used in the B movies of the thirties , but is ridiculous today . I suggest skipping this book and going with the rest of the series . Certainly , any one who has not read the other Reacher books should avoid this one -- they may be so put off by the absurd ending that they will not read the others and thus miss some great thrillers .
 I do n't know much about the military or the FBI , but whoever is teaching Lee Child psychology needs to be reprimanded . I 'm not a total expert in that , either , just a BA , but anybody who 's had a year or two of psych knows that that is NOT how hypnosis works . I 'm afraid that completely ruined this book for me . I read it through , but since I already knew who the bad guy was -LRB- in what was surely the most telegraphed foreshadowing I 've ever seen -RRB- , and I knew the manner of killing was completely unrealistic , it was hard for me to get into it . Thrillers are cool because they * could * be true -- there was just no way this premise could be true , that 's all.I do n't ask much out of thrillers . Consistency and coherence and some modicum of real-world fact -- that 's all I want .
 with the reviewer who wrote `` Did I miss something . Two books ago , Jack saves an FBI agent who just happens to be the daughter of Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and grand daughter to the President . In that book Reacher came in contact with the head of the FBI and Chairman of the JCS . So now I am to believe to get Reacher to work for them -LRB- FBI -RRB- they threaten his girl-friend . What world does the author live in , in the real world one call to the agent he saved would have heads rolling ... `` Reading `` Die Trying '' -LRB- the book referenced above -RRB- ruined this book for me . -LRB- Not to mention the far-fetched way the killer kills his victims . -RRB-
 ... with R. H. Oakley 's review , which said in part , `` Enough clues are given that most readers will realize who the killer is and how the killer pulls it off half way through the book . And the means used to pull it off would not be believed in a comic book . The sheer impossibility was so great that once I realized what the answer was , I skipped to the end of the book to confirm my belief , and then gave up on it . `` I 'm halfway through now , and having figured out the ridiculous ending , I simply have no further interest in this book . I give it two stars because the first third held my interest and promised an interesting denouement . But once you realize who is guilty and why - and above all , how it 's being done - you will probably decide , as I did , that the book just is n't worth finishing.Incidentally , does this author do any research , about anything , ever ? He does not know the first thing about police procedure , criminal profiling , the FBI , or the military . Sheesh !
 We have enjoyed listening to the Reacher series on unabridged audioboks . This one was on cassette tapes and they sounded like a distant echo chamber with muffled narration . In addition the story line was fluffed out with the meat being less than 40 % of the time . I believe we have heard 5 others which were much better than Running Blind and suggest you skip this one , particularly if it is a cassette audiobook .
 Up until `` Running Blind '' I thought that Lee Childs ' books were the best thing to happen in the genre since the death of Alistair Maclean . I read this one in a single day and was intrigued until the last 4 chapters . I kept hoping that Childs ' untracable `` murder weapon '' would turn out to be something original and clever . Instead it is based on an old myth that holds no truth , no I will not give it away , but expect to be disappointed . I wish that Childs ' had done a little more research since his whole premise is based on something that research has showed to be impossible . The writing and the characters are so clever and interesting that to be honest I feel cheated . I feel like I have read an Agatha Christie novel all the way through , only to be told at the end ... `` The butler did it . ''
 Well , I read it but it was tough to finish . John Culbertson certainly admires the 5th Marine snipers but they were n't the saviors that he makes them out to be .
 The author mainly describes a SITREP in a particular area of I Corps . Very little is written about snipers other than complaining the snipers had very little to do at no fault of their own . The author also seems to want the reader to know about his resentments such as Jayne Mansfield coming in-country to visit the Marines and soon after getting killed in a car accident after she returned to the States . His point being that an aging Jayne Mansfield got more press than young Marines dying in Vietnam , which is flat-out untrue . This is just one example where the author swerves off topic only to proclaim this sort of subjective matter . Also , it appears the book is written by two authors . The writing style changes midway in the book . His mentor , Sgt. Casey , a drop-out from the Citadel , is over dramatized and worshiped with such descriptions as a scene from Platoon with Sgt. Elias looking up at the stars . This book is non-fiction , fiction , a journal , dairy , and movie script rolled up into one . It would have been better suited as a series in Soldier of Fortune magazine rather than a published book that ended up in a public library . I actually spent money to read this book . I wish I had got a copy through the inter-library loan service instead . It has about as much value as an enemy body count report in Vietnam .
 This book seemed to me to be a platform to fire off complaints and accusations at other more famous snipers in Vietnam than anything else . I understand that there were other snipers served in Vietnam , just tell the story and leave it at that . Do n't make your story your personal soap box against the government and Carlos Hathcock . There was some good story in here , that is the only reason I give it two stars instead of one . I do n't reccomend this one .
 The book is poorly written and edited . He never does get the name of the Viet Cong sniper rifle spelled right . The author without mentioning any names calls into question the actions of late Gunnery Sgt. Carlos N. Hathcock II . I wonder why he does n't write another book calling into question the actions of Sgt. Alvin York or Lt. Audie Murphy . If you want to read a good book skip this one . I was let down by this one .
 I purchased this book hoping to get a detailed look at the legendary Marine snipers in Vietnam , and how they fought . And while Culbertson does well to honor the comrades he fought with , I found this book more of a recruiting pitch for the Corps , rather than a historical account . Even more annoying was Culbertson 's attempts to revise military history ... telling us how the Marine 's won WWI for the French , or how Hanoi could have fallen if we 'd just sent in an airborne division and a Marine Assault Force.When the author manages to stick to the subject , we get to see Culbertson 's ample knowledge of firearms , sniper tactics and the conditions these men fought in . But unfortunately for readers , we have to wade through pages of jingoistic and Christo-righteous tangents to find it .
 Have to agree some of the others reviews , this is a poor example of writing . The haphazard fashion in which the stories are presented destroys any continuity for the reader . I found many of the extraneous details included add nothing to the story and are distracting . The author slips back and forth between a third person narative and first hand narative which at times degrades into rambling personal rants with no point and even less substantiation . My older brother is a jar head from the same era , he too suffers a pervasive bitterness resulting from his stint . They say they are proud to have served but seem mentally and emotionally wounded . I wanted to love the book , but the author made that impossible.June 20 , On rereading the reviews for this book I ca n't help but think the two `` A Readers '' reviews are written by the same person . They seem awfully defensive of a book they are merely reviewing , overly concerned with the other reviews , and the only ones that see truth as the major asset of this book . Where does the author live now ?
 I purchased this book thinking that it would give me either : a -RRB- a personal glimpse into the world of the Marine Sniperb -RRB- a report of stories and circumstances of the Marine Sniper from an objective source.The book offered neither of these . It appears Culbertson is writing from the perspective of one who was there , but had little involvement . He speaks at the beginning of the book , of a get together with some of his sniper buddies many years after the war . One gets the impression this book was written as a result of this get together . I would like so much to have read about the authors experiences rather than much of the politicialy commentary and Marine propaganda that the book expounds upon . The book really taught me nothing about what these men went through . It represents the vague recollections of the author 's and other experiences . Not enough meat in it for my liking .
 Extreamly disappointing . I have read several other books on snipers and I would recommend all before you read this one . He rambles on and on with details about broader subjects than the sniper action . Very little about sniper activity . He does set up the way that snipers were used in war , but very little story about the actual action that snipers were involved in . Read any book about Carlos Hathcock and you will enjoy those 100 % more . I will read no more books by Culbertson as his writing style is booring . Seems as though he is telling the story to a well informed high ranking officer who is interested in all the division names and who reported to who . Was hard to follow .
 '13 cent killers ' suffers from too many repetitions , from chapter to chapter and even on the same page - even the explanation of the title 's meaning is repeated . Why ? All this - filler - seriously takes away from the reading experience . This is sad because the narrative is excellent and all business when it comes to the details of various missions and the task of being a sniper in Vietnam . However , many other details are probably aimed at other Marines and offer little meaning for other readers . The final disappointment appears when you flip through the 12-page glossary and conclude that it carries no entry for the M-16 assault rifle .
 John Culbertson never served as a sniper in Viet Nam in my opinion , He went to division sniper school and came back to H 2/5 and was in my Platoon untill he left Nam . I can not recall ever using him as a sniper ! His purple hearts was also under suspicious circumstances . I was with 3rd Platoon H 2/5 from Jan 1967 untill Feb 1968 and as a leader I can tell you that PFC Culbertson was never entitiled to as much personal info as he indicates !!
 For this one book I wish there was a rating below 1-star ! Yes it is THAT bad.After 8 years I no longer remember at what page I stopped reading . But for all of the various reasons listed in the other 1-star reviews . Mainly lack of proper editing , and especially Mr. Culbertson 's attempt to add a further shine to the tales of himself and his buddies -LRB- factual though those might have been -RRB- through unsupportable , nay hateful and ignorant denigration of a well known , and well respected personality in the field about which he claims to be writing . Not only made me stop reading but so disgusted me that I could no longer stand to have his previous works about his Vietnam experience -LRB- which had lead me to purchase 13 Cent killers in the first place -RRB- on my bookshelf.As the title of this review states , I wish I had the money and time I spent reading all three books back . Further than that , the words that properly describe my views on `` 13 cent killers '' in particular would not be appropriate for a venue such as this.To Mr. Culbertson , what you wrote of yourself , your friends , and your combined personal experiences may have been truthful . But just because none of you were witness to something and possibly found it hard to believe that it was done , does NOT make it untruthful . The attacks , both in the book and in this review area , against Hathcock -LRB- by name or not -RRB- and those who researched and documented him , deprive the rest of your own works and words of the credibility they may well deserve .
 Here we have yet another book by Culbertson . It 's poorly written , has a tendency to jump around , and is , basically , a biography of this man 's lover , Tom Casey . It 's sad , really , how much this author tries to make a martyr out of Casey . As a sniper in the U.S. Army , I 've read just about every book about snipers , and this book , along with SHOOTER by Jack Coughlin are by far the worst written . I would n't recommend this book to anyone .
 While I am glad to see another book about the 5th Marines in Vietnam , the saying goes , if you do n't grab a reader within the first few pages ... well , they tend to quit reading or throw the dang thing against a wall . As painful as the ordeal was , I actually read it and my opinion remained unchanged to the bitter end . I mean no dishonor to the valiant Marine snipers the author writes about . Every single Marine Sniper who served in Vietnam is a hero to me -- not just the infamous Carlos Hathcock . Sadly , the author 's writing disability gets in the way of the stories he recounts . To me , 13-Cent Killers pales in comparison to earlier books by some of the Marine Corps finest -- other true heroes , including the author himself .
 I seldom write reviews , but this book cries out for it . The actual `` 13 cent killer '' part is ok , except the author repeats himself throughout the book . But the book constantly puts in the author 's personal opinions about the war and the people running it , and he makes potentially libelous remarks ... without citing a shred of evidence to back it up . If he wants to write a political commentary on the Vietnam War , with supporting evidence , a bibliography , etc. , more power to him , but defammation unsupported by any cited evidence is inappropriate .
 Several elements of this book require explanation . Why the author switches from the first person to the third after seventy or so pages is but one.For reasons known best to Culbertson , several times throughout his book he calls to question the ability and veracity of Carlos Hathcock , the legendary Marine sniper . Without naming Hathcock , he dismisses out of hand many of Hathcock 's accomplishments without providing a single document , official or otherwise , or even quoting the usual unnamed sources . He merely labels it nonfactual . For example , he describes Hathcock 's elimination of an enemy company in Elephant Valley as `` BS '' . It may well be , but before one hopes to undermine a Marine institution like Hathcock , it would serve you well to have some source for the assertion other than your opinion . Lacking even a modicum of evidence in support , other readers may well conclude as I did that Culbertson was engaging in building up his crew by tearing down another . That effort falls flat.I did not finish this book . I abandoned the effort on page 101 when I read these words
 I have not read Culbertson 's other two books on being a Marine sniper . However , this book does not encourage me to read those other two . Of the 30 pages that I have trudged through , there was a lot of repetition and plugging of Culbertson 's other two books . The other reason I did not finish this book was because of the first 30 pages , at least 50 % of the time is spent on denigrating other Marine snipers and other Marines who have written books and/or are subjects of other books.Culbertson does not provide proof or reason for his belief that other Marine snipers made false claims of achievement . Culbertson claims that one of the most prominent Marine snipers , Carlos Hatchcock , exagerated about the number of kills he made without citing a source for this claim . Hatchcock is one of the most well known snipers in military history , and a Marine hero . Culbertson should cite his sources if he is going to make claims like this.If you want to read about a personal account of a Marine sniper , I recommend `` Dead Center
 I am not an authority on Vietnam , but I am an avid hunter and competitive rifle shooter . Many of the details in this text are wildly inaccurate and more fitting for a hollywood b-movie than a book that claims to be historical . Just one example is the reference to Vietnamese soldiers being lifted off their feet and thrown backwards through the air by .308 or .30 -06 rounds . This claim and many others like it are laughable to anyone who knows anything about firearms . Mr. Culbertson needs to stop watching re-runs of `` The A-team '' and research his facts , or else drop the pretense that he is writing history .
 For a book about a deadly business , this one is boring . it switches from place to place , is repititious , and switches from first to 3rd person , for some reason.For some reason , without naming names , he denigates Carlos Hathcock , another Marine sniper , claiming he either did not exist or did not do all that was claimed in the 2 books written about him by Charles Henderson . The Marines thought enough of Hathcock to name a building after him . A Marine Officer I met , who wrote 2 books of his own about his experiences said Hathcock was real and probably did a lot of stuff not in the books.For a extremely interesting book about Marine sniping I recommend Silent Warrior by Charles Henderson
 John Culbertson is a novice writer who is so desperate to fill pages that he intentionally tells the same story twice ; at the beginning and the middle of the book , because the story `` bears repeating . '' He blethers on about hippies , Army Generals , The President , the Military-Industrial complex , college professors , the Army and Navy , REMF 's , until he reaches the conclusion that himself and his close associates were the only true patriots in the war . The saddest part is that he has logged on to the Amazon review pages and gave his own book a 5-star review -LRB- check it out -RRB- .
 As a Vietnam veteran and former Marine , I bought 13-cent Killers after reading Operation Tuscaloosa and expected a fairly good recounting of the operations of the 5th Marines in 1967 . But 13-cent Killers is a book in search of an editor . Poorly written , repetitive , and filled with the author 's unexplained bitterness , Maggie 's Drawers should have been waved at this book before it was published . Very disappointed .
 This book falls far short of it 's target . While Culbertson was an in-country player and is writing as part of this elite group , his style is very melodramatic and jingolistic . I 've had to roll my eyes at John 's many attempts to paint the 5th Marine Snipers as yah yah heroistic types and the bad guys as the incarnate of evil.He gives some good info on rifles and ammo but continues to repeat this info throughout the book and I guess he needs to fill white space with this unnecessary additional information.The author comes across as a narrow-minded , stuck in the mud , stereo-typing jarhead . He describes the Vietnamese as sneaky blah blah blah dirty Communists who were more likely trying to rid their country of the Americans as they had with the French , Japanese and Chinese . I find it distasteful to describe the 5th Marine Snipers as killers/murders who fought for the exitement of the hunt . If a human life and the sacrifice these people gave for their country is worth only 13 Cents , then the value of this book is far less . There are better books about those who fought but this is not one of them .
 John Culberson gets lost in grinding his own ax of complaints about everything from the lack of government support of the war , -LRB- for which he is DRT , dead right there -RRB- , to the political pork barrel that resulted in the much inferior M-16 replacing the venerable M-14 , -LRB- again a valid point -RRB- . But he spends far too much time repeating military jargon , repetitiously identifying every spot on the Viet Nam map , and using the book as a forum to name countless comrades who fought with him in Nam . The recurring names do nothing for the story except serve to detract . And the cruelest cut of all may be indicative of his poor research when , on page 166 , he disparagingly refers to a vist to the troops by Jane Mansfield and describes her as `` an aging American icon . . who had to be in her late forties or early fifties at the time . '' For your unfortunate information , Mr. Culbertson , Jane Mansfield died in 1967 at the ripe old age of 34 years , 2 months and 10 days , hardly what I would call an `` aging '' time . What the book lacks in readership it makes up for in confusion .
 I had a hard time finishing this book . It was very repetitive . Just simply two peoples accounts of the same incidents . It was only so so . The only thing I found to be of interest , was the mention of the Lake City Army Ammo plant here in Missouri .
 I have read this book -LRB- 13 cent killers -RRB- and `` Marine Sniper '' many times over and the jealousy I see displayed by Culbertson is almost laughable . I 'm surprised he did n't try to say that the story of some `` unnamed '' marine -LRB- again Hathcock -RRB- pulling 7 other Marines out of a burning amtrac and nearly dying from the burns recieved was also a bunch of bs too.I think this book is a joke . Just the title alone `` 13 cent killers '' is funny . I mean , I thought a sniper was n't supposed to take pride in being a `` killer '' ? Anyways , he tells some good stories of the men he served with but , because he himself was n't famous he knocks down many of the stories told about Hathcock . What 's so ironic about that is that even Hathcock himself did n't want these stories out . He just wanted to live the rest of his life in anonymity until he met Henderson . Who might i add , had to work very hard to earn his trust to get those stories out of him at all.Basically , buy this one for the stories if you like to read about Marine snipers in Vietnam but , keep a sharp knife handy so you can cut through the cynicism in this book . It 's pretty thick .
 I picked up this book expecting to gain additional insight on Viet Nam , and specifically the areas of Chu Lai , Antenna Valley , and Phu Loc that I saw from the mountains and ridgelines while serving with 1st Force Recon . I was so disappointed that I am writing my first review after reading more than 200 novels and histories of the Viet Nam war.My first concern involves the repetitious personal opinion , misinformation on both current politics and pre-1966 VN history , and the unnecessary duplication of individuals , actions and editorilizing repeated in every chapter . As a previous reviewer noted , this appears to be a series of independently written articles that were combined without critical review or even minimal editing . Were Mr. Culbertson 's three volumes to be professionally edited , they would easily fit in one volume and the important things he has to impart would not be lost in the high grass of bombastic rhetoric.My second problem is with the inferences concerning then President Johnson 's only concern being selling helicopters . The truth was that the Marine Corps preoccupation with 1940 's tactics , and our forced dependence on 1950 's equipment , frequently contributed to the unnecessary death and disability of literally hundreds of Marines . Only the excellent courage , toughness , and loyalty of individual grunts allowed the resulting high kill ratios , and frequently the bare survival of the units involved . Had the Marine Corps had even a fraction of the air mobile assets of the Army -LRB- and the updated tactics -RRB- , a lot more kids would have made it home while doubling the damage against the enemy . I was saddened that the poorly planned and implemented Operation Tuscaloosa was glorified without being critically evaluated . Yes , those kids stood up and charged directly into a well planned and executed ambush . What was never questioned was why Marine blood was so generously shed to save a situation that they should never had been blindly and overconfidently led into.My final point is that Mr. Culbertson needs to forgive Gunny Hathcock , and others , who did their jobs utilizing different tactics appropriate to and highly effective in different tactical environments . I do not understand his bitterness , but it discredits his own admirable achievements and again detracts from the experiences that he has to relate.Brother , I also am unforgiving of LBJ , traitor Fonda , Strange MacNamera , and all those others who abandoned and betrayed us . Move on . Become as professional a writer as you were a Marine and a sniper . Do not let the lessons you can teach be obscured or discredited by your pain . Semper fi !
 Charles Henderson is a veteran of more than 23 years in the United States Marine Corps , with a distinguished career spanning from Vietnam to the Gulf War , after which he retired as a Chief Warrant Officer . In addition to writing his own books and for various publications , he also runs his family 's cattle enterprise in Peyton , CO. .
 I picked this up at the airport and read it quickly . Lightweight read , nothing deep . Generally poor writing , on what could have been an interesting and insightful series of events . The author repeats himself a few times and I got the impression the ` book ' is a combination of a series of essays , often on the same topics/people/events . The author is in desperate need of a good editor and guidence . A fascinating theme but the result is disappointing . Nothing outstanding and full of the usual American fixations . Lacks historical depth and feels very one-dimensional . Still , it passed the time on the flight , which is all that one can ask of this genre .
 I bought this book to read about the 5th Marine Snipers during the Vietnam war and their stories -LRB- or `` tales '' as the book 's cover promises -RRB- . The 256 paperback pages that I read were mainly a diatribe about how anyone involved in the war that was n't a Marine was average at best , and anyone from the USA who was n't in Vietnam during the war was a traitor or worse.The stories that I wanted to read about take up less than 20 % of the book with the reader having to wade through most chapter beginnings about the author 's very biased and narrow political views being repeated again and again.Repetition is the theme of the book due to its poor construction of short stories with points that were not interesting or relevant to me , the reader , turning up constantly -LRB- rifles use bullets , got it ... `` match grade blah blah '' is only interesting once -RRB- to where military acronyms are used but not explained in the text or glossary losing context in one of the few interesting bit.While I have no doubt the Vietnam war was a political gambit that failed it was much more complicated that the nave view that the author portrays , and having to have it repeated in most chapters is both boring and annoying . I also wonder whether the author knows that the US lost it.As a non-American reader this political rhetoric is coupled with the macho stereotyping of stupid military school boy descriptions of `` shoot em up '' action , makes the book feel more fiction than fact based . It is also very unfortunate as it undermines a bastion of the United States Marines in particular and military in general who do perform very well on a global stage , and are still being flung into political gambits today.A book for that narrow band of like minded lowest common denominator Marines to get enthused about . Not a book that delivers what it promises on the cover , and not to be recommended to anyone else . One has to assume that all of his books are equally repetitive and biased , which is unfortunate as the author had the opportunity with this reader to educate him about the already confusing Vietnam War and did n't .
 Insofar as he is relating personal stories from other snipers , I have no complaint , nor any way of verifying their accuracy . Sadly , much of the book is filed with repetitious rhetoric about the American Youth of his beloved Marines . The book meanders without a continous timeline and repeats information about the same persons from chapter to chapter , almost as if it had been written as a series of articles for a magazine and had never been edited for book form.At least one anecdote was spurious , to say the least . He reports Jayne Mansfield as being a star from the 1940 's and ' 50 's when Mansfield actually came to fame in the late ' 50 's . He says she `` had to be in her late 40 's or early 50 's at the time '' and had fat and wrinkles on her legs , as reported by Sgt. Tom Casey , who spied her through his binoculars . Officially Mansfield was 33 when she died . If Casey saw wrinkles on her legs , it was probably her hosery . USO entertainers lived out of their suitcases and had to use their show clothes over and over without cleaning , drying or pressing . I once followed a USO entertainer around several camps in Korea and will tell you that despite heat and humidity , she wore hose when dancing , and had a pretty ripe odor as well.When any writer uses unsubstantiated hearsay and it is found to be untrue , it puts all his other hearsay in doubt.Once again , a good editor would have called this to his attention .
 I bought this book anticipating it would give me a better understanding of asherons call 2 and help me find out more about all its functions . This book is mostly filler and pages about different skills and magic mostly fill it . while it did list all the ingredients for crafting which can be useful , it did n't outline where I could find the objects needed -LRB- which is the biggest part -RRB- for the different crafting receive in the game . The books real downfall is that it was created using the beta world of Asherons call 2 , so they really did n't have much time to really Decipher the game . Hopefully the book will be revised . As for the book containing strategies and secrets , there really are n't any that it told about , it does give great info on the basic quest and vaults , but after you hit Level 5 + in the game , its of no use at all . All in all the good things I got with the book , were its great maps and ringway guides , which can really help you out for where you need to go , and some great websites to visit on more detailed stuff about asherons call 2 . For my conclusion I recommend not purchasing the book , and just visit web sites devoted to Asherons call 2 as a guide to the game !
 Sure , the game is great -LRB- dare I use the word `` masterpiece '' ? -RRB- ... but does this strategy guide have any greater significance ? This question put forth by myself to my inner self and my peers and we began a weekly reading group of the book for the last several years , and ALL of us -LRB- save a guy none of us like -RRB- found deep , deep meaning within these pages . Is it perfect ? Well , no . But it 's close . Darn close .
 dont bother getting this guide . game and info are outdated . asherons call the original game is far superior to this sequel in character stats development , pvp , and world map .
 As of the June patch , when Crafting 2.0 was implemented , there is now no longer ANY part of this book that is helpful to those new to AC2 . It 's not the fault of the author or publisher ... all the stuff has been changed , and very much for the better!If you are new to AC2 and want overview info and advice , you 're best bet is to look at the fan websites
 The game has changed so much since this book was written that it is almost completely outdated . The skills have been completely redone . Character classes have been changed . A new hero level system has been put into place and the crafting system has been reinvented . Save your money and skip this book . You can find more current information at AC2 related web sites .
 Elizabeth The Queen Mother by Grania Forbes offers an array of photographs that are fun , but the writing is wretched . The author is one of these writers who begins every third sentence with However . And that gets really tedious , a sign of an insecure and inept writer . While there are some fine photos which cover , naturally , the entire 20th century -LRB- the subject was born in 1900 and still lives ! -RRB- their chronology in this book is immensely flawed , as if seemingly by a mixmaster . You are led to believe it 's chronological , then you are fooled to the point of aggravation .
 These cards are not The Writing Road to Reading Phonogram Cards that are used with the Spalding Method . They are written by Myrna McCulloch and used for The Writing and Spelling Road to Reading and Thinking Method , which is very different from the Spalding Method . There are a few similarities - but I ca n't use them in the classroom.The Writing Road to Reading Phonogram Cards
 I have read close to all of this authors books but this one left me disappointed . Block 's lyrical writing fell short this time . I felt like I had read it all before . Enough about the jacaranda trees , Francesca , we get the point . Purple trees in LA. . Maybe I did n't like this book b/c the writing style was just an attempt at recreating her other books . A lousy attempt . Or maybe it 's b/c I live in LA and I know what it 's like already . But it all just seemed to cliche to me . The stage mom and the uninterested girl . It 's been done . I really did n't feel that the characters developed at all . They were presented and were n't displayed in any more depth for the rest of the book . Oh well , there 's always Weetzie . -LRB- However , if you 've never read any of her books before read this one . You 'll enjoy it b/c you wo n't have such high expectations . And then read the rest b/c it will just get better and better . -RRB-
 I have read close to all of this authors books but this one left me disappointed . Block 's lyrical writing fell short this time . I felt like I had read it all before . Enough about the jacaranda trees , Francesca , we get the point . Purple trees in LA. . Maybe I did n't like this book b/c the writing style was just an attempt at recreating her other books . A lousy attempt . Or maybe it 's b/c I live in LA and I know what it 's like already . But it all just seemed to cliche to me . The stage mom and the uninterested girl . It 's been done . I really did n't feel that the characters developed at all . They were presented and were n't displayed in any more depth for the rest of the book . Oh well , there 's always Weetzie . -LRB- However , if you 've never read any of her books before read this one . You 'll enjoy it b/c you wo n't have such high expectations . And then read the rest b/c it will just get better and better . -RRB-
 Readers of Francesca Lia Block 's gorgeous , lyrical prose will be sorely disappointed by her latest novel . This book contains little of the offbeat charm and irreverance of Block 's earlier works ; even her normally beautiful language seems stilted and pretentious . The characters in the novel are one-dimensional and Block , usually so good at evoking emotion , does not seem to be able to rescue them from the confines of the page . Much of what makes the novel so disappointing is the feeling that she has rendered all of these characters much more fully and luminously in her other works . I 'm not sure if Block is finished with the Weetzie Bat series , but if she is looking for a new series of characters , she has n't found them in `` I Was A Teenage Fairy . '' Those new to Block 's work should try `` Witch Baby , '' `` Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys , '' or `` Missing Angel Juan '' to glimpse this extraordinary writer at her finest .
 I have been a fan of Ms. Block since Weetzie Bat , and I anxiously await the arrival of any new book . Unfortunately , IWATF was a huge disappointment . Her choice to give her main character the painfully obvious name of `` Barbie '' seemed like a slap in the face . How unoriginal . And the name of the book itself was irksome , a goofy title where magic could have been made . On the whole , I found no truly loveable characters and felt everyone was too spoiled to care about . Violet and Claire continued the trend , and now I hope upon hope that her next book will return to the punk rock slink-chunk charm of Weetzie Bat or the lyrical mystery of The Hanged Man or the inspiring magic of Girl Goddess . Anything but this .
 This book was too shallow for me . Barbie was a very confused girl growing up in a messed up family but was too passive and weak for my kind . She found a fairy named Mab outside . Mab was the best part - a pinky sized fairy with red hair and a wonderful attitude . Mab was strong willed and independent but you see a soft side of her at times . She 's gentle and timid underneath a shield of stubborness . But Barbie , with her shallow , controlling mother and pathetic , passive father , was much too naive . Barbie was forced to be a model - beautiful Barbie with her rail-thin figure and blond hair - and was taken advantage of at a young age . One would think an eleven-year-old could see what was going on with the photographer , but you can see how something like that could happen . When Barbie 's sixteen she 's a gorgous too-thin model with a drunken mother . Barbie does drugs , lets guys leer at her and people take advantage of her , and can easily be considered a slut . Barbie , Mab , Barbie 's lameass guy Todd and Todd 's gay roomate make up the story that is at a loss of the magic it promises on the back . I wasted money buying this book and should have just checked it out at a library to save bookshelf space from a book I wo n't read again . This story covers sex , drugs , child molestion and a world of shallow people .
 After reading good reviews and liking the idea of the story I just could n't get into this book . I was really excited and was very disappointed ! It was vague and just did n't flow . I tried and tried and could n't get through half the book .
 Someone on a mailing list of mine highly recommended the ` Weetzie Bat ' books by Francesca Lia Block , so when I found this book by the same author in a bookstore I went ahead and bought it . The absolutely gorgeous cover art by Suza Scalora drew me in.Sadly , that was the best part of the novel . The book reminds me of a beautiful , yummy-looking French pastry , that seems like it should be heavenly . However , after you 've eaten it you find it was mostly air ~ beautiful to look at , but of no real substance . Having looked forward to it with such anticipation , you find yourself still hungry.The way Todd -LRB- he of the tattoos -RRB- was ` redeemed ' in the end struck me as completely fake , and the ` happy ending ' for Griffin with his ` fairy-found ' lover Damian equally suspect . After a sincere look into such serious issues facing teens as child abuse , parental neglect , sexual expression and identity , it was disappointing to see the unrealistic happy endings that Block provided , thus negating the impact of her story.I liked the character of Mab , the little green fairy with the red hair , but lamented the lack of depth to the character and the story . I have to compliment Block for writing a book for teenagers that deals with modern issues teens face . However , this is n't a profound book by any stretch of the imagination.Think of it as the 90 's version of ` Nancy Drew ' or ` Sweet Valley High ' - of monumental importance to young readers , that they might remember fondly as an adult , but nothing that will have any lasting influence . If you 're not a teenager this book probably wo n't mean anything to you . Pure mind candy .
 I just do n't think it is a good idea to advertise the factthat many parents have n't a clue about protecting their children.Or that children are so very vulnerable ... The book is written well enough and all , but being a big fan ofJames M. Barrie and tales about fairiesdoes n't endear this book to me.Kids grow up way too fast in this society as it is.Innocence once gone , is gone forever .
 See , coming from a kid , its the best place to get a review from , being that this book was written for young adults . I am a thirteen year old and when I saw this book `` I Was A Teenage Fairy '' , I thought `` could that really be a bad book ? '' Being a very curious person , I got the book , wondering how a book about a fairy could be so perverse and wrong . Turns out it was true ... This book was on my recommended reading list in my school for rising eight graders , which my parents could not believe . They ended up writing a letter to my principle with some excerpts from the book and the dude was appalled . I cant even tell you the things in that that book that are so inappropriate for young teens or teens alone . I know my parents , and they dont freak out over every little thing , but when I showed them some of the things that were `` appropriate '' for young teens our age , it was the last straw . Many reviews say that this book is filled with `` realistic fantasy '' , but I have a eighteen year old sister , and I know its not like that . That part that my dad had a problem with is that although many things that are written in this book are legal , some things are not , such as smoking marijuana and other illegal drugs . Things such as these could set an influence on many naive teenagers who think there are like the ones in this fantasy book . Maybe if you are an adult and you happen to like this kind of book pornagraphy , this would be the book for you , not a teenager looking for a `` clean '' book to read .
 I was very suprised to see this book in a Middle School Library . It has very strong profanity , sex , drugs , alcohol , masturbation and homosexuality . All of which , I feel are not suitable for young readers . As an adult , I found this book to be offensive . Our Middle School has removed the book from its shelf so that no other 11-14 year old can read this subject matter . In my opinion , it condones drinking , drugs , profanity and sex in our teenagers . Parents please be aware of what your children are reading .
 first of all , i 'd like to state that i am a huge fan of lia block and also a very harsh critic , so i hope other FLB fans do n't get offended . i do not wish to discuss the actual summary of the book , that would be tedious and you can click on the whole ` look inside ' thing for that , so rather i 'll just share my opinion . i found barbie to be one of the must un-sypmathatic , shallow , vile , and boring character in any FLB book . i could not relate to her - at all - and was extremely upset upon finishing this book . FLB claims to write books about real girls for real girls , and i believe she did a much better and more complete job with characters such as weetzie bat , voilet -LRB- never was a big fan of claire -RRB- , and especially lady ivory and albaster duchess -LRB- of ` girl goddess # 9 ' fame -RRB- . there are more obviously , but i felt a connection with them , i cared for them , and especailly for non - ` cookie cutter ' girls like the aforementioned lady ivory and albaster . while FLB claims every girl is uniquely beautiful , why does she continue to write mostly of conventionally beautiful and seductress girls ? albaster , who was described as ` voluptous ' and ivory who apparantly does not remember her natural haircolor -LRB- a tad ditzy , i suppose -RRB- seemed a little more real , because not everyone in l.a. is blond and rail thin ... and i do n't think all the girls FLB writes about should be either . another thing was that i found barbie 's virtual muteness extremely nerve-racking . this was not the kind of girl i thought FLB should choose , one who was totally dependent and frankly pathetic , even in her incarnate , ` selena moon ' -LRB- i 'm sorry , but francesca , what were you on that night ?! -RRB- . i also get irritated by little kitsch punk culture nods , as can be found in IWATF . the only book i found where i felt it was real and appropraite was weetzie bat , not with some dumb sheltered supermodel the reader has no sympathy or patience for . lastly , i am appalled by angry parents proclaiming this book is inappropriate for teenagers . i read this book for the first time when i was 13 and did not find it unnerving at all . most teens and pre-teens are exposed to the ` horrors ' described in IWATF -LRB- sex and drugs mostly , hopefully not molestation :-RRB- and would not find them shocking . i do n't think virginal teens would pick this book up anyways . and if they do , and then find it offensive , they can always stop reading it , this is a so-called democratic nation and nothing in that book is john waters material or would scar a child for life . trust me , it would do more damage to plop your children in front of ` the man show ' -LRB- hehe . althoughi have to admit i find it funny . when the juggies are n't on . -RRB- ... in conclusion , if you are an avid FLB fan i recommend you read it anyways , just for common knowledge , but if you are a block virgin i suggest you start with the -LRB- way better -RRB- weetzie bat series , voilet and claire , or girl goddess # 9 , all of which are much betterly developed and altogether zesty ...
 I love all of Francesca Lia Block 's books except for `` I Was A Teenage Fairy '' . This book does n't have any of the magic or silliness of Miss Block 's other books . The only character that was remotely interesting was `` Mab '' . I hope the next book is better then this !
 I 'm sorry , but I ca n't follow the crowd on this one . I really did n't enjoy it . I found it disjointed , distasteful and disappointing . Let 's face it , the fairy type creature Mabs was a bitch . She was never happy , was constantly whining and was generally in-fairylike . I mean , fairy tales are supposed to be uplifting . All little girls either want to be a fairy or a princess . Had they met this Mabs character they would all narrow that decision down to being a princess.And what about the main character ? Miss snooty model ? I do n't know , there was something off putting about every character in this book . Even if they all do live happily ever after by the end , I see divorce , drugs and alcoholism in their futures . Anyway , I would suggest this book to nobody and am even feeling leery about passing it along to Value Village in case some poor sap picks it up for $ 2.99 .
 I 've never read anything by this woman -LRB- girl ? -RRB- . This book was like ... Beverly Cleary but `` modern '' . It was n't very involved and seemed like it would have been more accomplished if it had been a children 's story book complete with illustrations and such . It was like she started writing this book for a group of friends as a christmas present - complete with allusions that only they can understand in unmentionable detail - and she decided to publish . It left me the whole time wanting more . She gave everyone an out , even villains -LRB- Washed-Up-ExModel-Mother and Molesting-Fashion-Photographer -RRB- who some people would rather see horribly punished for their crimes against the Pop-Teen-Set ... it was a great piece of pop culture that seemed to be written in an unaccounted for MiddleSchool style ... I wanted so much more .
 As an adult reader who knows nothing about this author , I kept thinking , `` The writing here is very frail , like a novel for young adults . '' Surprise , it is ! And that explains a lot . The story is laid out in a very simplistic way , and what 's worse , its tired ideas are n't shaped to build any momentum as the story unfolds.For instance , heroine Barbie was molested by a slimy photographer at age 11 and has understandable misgivings about intimacy . But when she willingly sleeps with a man for the first time , her inhibitions immediatly disappear in a passionate romp before a roaring fire . -LRB- Well , there goes that theme . -RRB- And did it bother anyone else that Todd , the man in question , is a movie star who 's sneaking the 16-year-old Barbie into bars and sleeping with her when she 's underage ? -LRB- Todd also has a frail , big eyed , gay `` roommate '' , another child model . What is with this guy ? -RRB- Even the title I WAS A TEENAGE FAIRY is off . This is n't a book about a teenage fairy , it 's about a teenager who befriends a fairy . -LRB- Get it together , people ! -RRB- And I also hated its underlying message , which is , `` All molested children have a chipper little fairy that comes to help them through the bad times . '' Oh , really ? That 's sort of like what we heard in the movie A BEAUTIFUL MIND , which essentially said , `` You can overcome your schizophrenia with a little will power and the love of a beautiful wife . '' Ick .
 eeek . Let me start with Block 's writing . It is completly prestentious and skin deep . I have read so many of her books and am yet to like on of them . She makes me feel like she thinks we will fall for her big , overly descriptive words . To tell you the truth , I do n't think there 's much going on underneath the visuals and words of this story or any of Blocks peices . They are very sad tales with insanely happy ending . They are written to cater the teenage mind , as if the teenage mind is a model wannabe idiot . It seems to me that the author assumes we ar n't paying attention to the words ... that 's my opinion ...
 I love faeries . they are beautiful amazing creatures that allow people to escape reality . So , as you could expect i was instantly attracted to this book . I regret that . I had my mother buy it for me , and when i got home i read it in about an hour . the beginning is amazing . truly amazing . but the end is weak and dumb . i expected more . the boy barbie hooks up with is extremely vulgar and wrong . this book is not about a faerie or a girl . its simply sexuality . i am 12 , and know a lot for a child my age but even for me ... this book lakced a good ending . poor . dont buy it .
 This book is the worst book a reader could read ! From the completely awful title which barely reflects the book to the very last page of the book , it is horrible . In general , the book could best be compared with a a bad sandwich . The beginning is awful , making it a piece of moldy bread . When the story jumps to Barbie being 16 , it gets good for about 30 pages . This part is fresh and yummy lunch meat and cheese . From then on , it is another piece of green rotting bread.Her childhood is dreadful . The only positive aspect of this section is the introduction . It uses great language to illustrates an interesting picture for the readers . After this , all the details are obviously trying desperately to be full of imagery and metaphors . All it becomes is a shallow mess.Barbie for the most part is a boring character as a child . Though she does magically become clever out of nowhere in the middle . Mab gets very annoying , very fast . But she is a necessary character since she is the only thing in the book that justifies its cheesy title . Mrs. Marks , Barbie 's mother , is completely insane . Not to mention she is very immature , between her comments and lack of a life . Her father 's story is completely unsurprising.Most of the plot is completely obvious . The main `` issue '' of the book is given away one page into the book . Plus , as soon as the reader meets the character the issue is linked with , it is very obvious he or she is the one it is about.The story then jumps to when Barbie is older . As stated , it started out pretty good . The 90 's lingo is sure to get a giggle or two . Block attempts to dabble with some parallels between Barbie 's childhood and her older years . She gets a few successes with the idea , but it simply turns into a cheesy , `` oh my goodness ! I think I know you , '' redundant mess.The reader meets Todd who starts out as an amazing character , but slowly fades to an annoying and bland aspect of the story . Barbie follows the same pattern as Todd . However , Mab become more of an enjoyable character in the section.But , after about 25 pages into part two of the story , it goes down hill . T moves far too fast with too many unnecessary lose ends . Plot twists become uninteresting but appear to be an attempt at being surprising . Every bit of it , even up to the very last page , is garbage.In addition , this book contains some sexual themes which get annoying . Especially with Mab who need to call attractive men `` busicets '' for some reason . Swearing is a minimum with only a handful of colorful words weaved in.Over all , the book is one of the worst books out there . It has pretty much nothing to do with faeries , and is not a good read . It is simply a mess of shallow teenage-appealed rubbish that is sure to keep readers saying , `` did a 5th grader write this ?!
 I bought this book for my 15 year old grand daughter and decided to read it before I gave it to her . I did not think the book was well written . It also was very sexually explicit and not appropriate for someone of that age .
 My review is geared more towards parents and/or other adults being asked to buy this book by their children-this book is just plain horrible ! This poor young girl , Barbie , has a wretched stage mom , and a completely uninvolved father . She 's forced by mom into modeling , left alone at 12 , then molested by the photograper !!! Her mom 's answer to this is `` life is full of problems , deal with them '' . Even the fairy , Mab , says horrid things to her , and encourages her at 16 to drink , smoke and have sex !!! I can not believe this is on middle school reading lists , and I 'm no prude , this book should n't be suggested to anyone under 16 at least . None of these adult subjects are handled in this book with any sensitivity-just titilation value.Horrible ! this book is rancid : -LRB- no stars .
 I got this book from the brief summary on the Middle School summer reading list - which sounded pretty good , with a little fantasy , some hard times , some inner strength . Unfortunately , I did not read any of the book before handing it over to my 13 year old to read . After a few hours , and not quite half-way through , she handed over the book and said `` This is REALLY awful '' . She pointed out to me one of the MANY excerpts of the book with the words `` F *** you '' in it . It 's all over the book . Then the references to smoking pot , and going to the nightclub and drinking . Then she asked me what it meant when a guy `` came '' , in reference to what a character was describing in a homosexual fantasy . OK ? ... GET THE PICTURE ?? I am not a prude , and neither is my daughter , but we do have some standards of moral values here.I read some other reviews saying this book was fabulous , -LRB- wish I read all the reviews before wasting my money -RRB- and all I can wonder is
 This book describes unwanted details . Not all teenagers are oversexed . The characters only mentor , this fairy , is portayed with the air that she is cute and lives a little on the edge and that she 's really helping pull this young girl through tough times . Yet this `` mentor '' encourages Her to drink and have sex like your not normal if you choose to wait until marriage . Not a good book for any way no matter the age .
 Really did not like this book . The story is about helping find a boyfriend for the main character 's guy friend . This book went into the garbage can . 0 stars
 I bought this book because of all the great reviews . I returned after looking through it a couple of times . None of the patterns inspired me . I found them quite frumpy and old-fashioned looking . That can be O.K. but if you 're looking for more modern or stylish design , this is not the book for you .
 These patterns are frumpy and something you 'd see on a spinster . All the patterns for caps , socks , mittens , and gloves are just plain dowdy and sad looking with not one happy thread in the color choices either .
 I largely purchased this booked based on the good reviews of it on amazon , as well as a seperate extended raving review on a different website by one of the same reviewers . While the actual true life story of Dannion Brinkley is fascinating , the book really is not . I do appreciate his straight forward style and his sense of sincerity . However , its not that interesting of a read . In fact , I made it roughly 1/2 way through , and I havent really picked it up again . Its just too boring -LRB- which I feel it shouldnt be based on his life story thus far -RRB- . I pick it up and read it here and there.The overall style , despite the candid and sincere approach , is very corny and new agey . I can only see really enjoying this book , if you are for the first time exploring such concepts as the life after death state , have had an NDE yourself , or are for soem other reason all hyped up for the topic . I give the book topic and story behind it 5 stars , but the actual read and style I give 2 stars . I was dissapointed . Maybe my hopes were too high for this book . Its for corny new age types . Also , I give the cover 10 stars . Its SO bad , thats its good!Also ... Way too overpriced . . Which probably adds to my dissapointment . I would not have been as bummed had I paid a few bucks for it . Its a farily thin book and I recall paying over 20 dollars for it .
 I picked this up in hopes that it was written by one of my favorite authors , but was hugely dissapointed . The writing is just not very polished at all . It was written in the sixties , so might be seen as a vaguely interesting artifact from that time , but there are much better books that can give you the flavor of the sixties . I believe that this is a first book , as it seems to hit many of the cliches of romance . The characters are okay , but nothing special , and the plot is so cliched as to be embarrasing . I honestly can not recommend it .
 The review talked about the CD-ROM and work book that comes with the book . These were offered at my local bookstore , but did not arrive with my order.Amazon told me the work book would have to be ordered separately , from an outside website.Don ' t order from Amazon if you need the other two items .
 Conn Dury has been living with Kate on her ranch for how long ? Ten years ? Fourteen years ? Oh , well , a long time . And he loves her desperately . So why has n't he married her ? Because he never could find the right words ? So they 've mended fences together and branded cattle and fought Indians , just like a married couple , but he ca n't find the right words ? Come on ! Besides this flaw in the plot , there are a host of others . There are too many different villains , too many flashbacks , too many fast forwards , and too many digressions . I knew that Conn and Kate would beat the bad guys in the end , but by the time they finally wrapped it up , my only reaction was `` Whatever ! ''
 I read this book after reading the review of others . I have to say this book will not go into my library of books to keep . I really expected alot better from this author , since his books continue to sell despite his death.The book had little action , and did not excite me . I found the confrontation at the end to be the most exciting part of the book ! Really thought it could of used more action throughout.Most of the book was building its way to the final 4 chapters , guess what I am trying to say was that I was really just plain disappointed by this author .
 It appears someone is falsifying reviews for this book . Most of the reviews are written in broken or odd english . Most reviewers have either reviewed no other products or have only reviewed other products by the publisher . Not sure what 's going on here but very very suspicious . Buyer beware .
 $ 99 ? I do n't think so - maybe $ 20 . I think you can find most of these for free on the internet . Contracts may be ok - but the format is soo ugly its tough to work with - no indents on 3 4 levels of content . Try reading finding secion 1 . A.ii when 1 , A , and iii are all the same format . Some of the pages have the first line cut off when they photocopied . Lot 's of other things but my copy is getting sent back .
 Perhaps standard legal boilerplate can only go so far . I was extremely disappointed with this book 's vanilla forms and especially the lack of a standardized Terms of Use and a Legal Terms form for Web publishers . These are basic elements for any commercial web page and they are the reason I bought this book . I swear they were included in the original description of the document , but perhaps I was wrong . In any case , this is a serious omission .
 The only thing shocking about `` Shock Radio `` is how horrible it is . It is poorly written , predictable , full of excessive gore and has no decent characters ! I managed to read the whole novel , but I had to force myself to do it . The main character is so rude and stupid that 50 pages into the book I was hoping the serial killer would kill him ! Do n't waste your time on this one , you 'll regret it ! Overall - Pathetic !!
 I recently read this book . I enjoy most good crime and/or spy novels . I read a great many . I just finished this . I think a more appropriate title would have been `` Shock Paperback . '' It is seldom I have read a book that I could literally call `` trash . '' This was . The violence , which most such books have , due to the subject matter ; was completely `` off the chart . '' I simply can not imagine what type mind it takes to come up with anything this gross and sickening . I 've an extremely strong stomach , and this book sickened me . I am ashamed to admit that I did n't toss it after the first 50 pages . At least it was consistently bad from beginning to end . Utter trash .
 I started reading this book because the title itself seemed interesting . . The idea of the book seemed good . . The begining was interesting enough , but far too soon did I know who the killer was , and . . well let me sum up the book for you : A female had pepper spray sprayed up her , and her face set on fire.A girl was raped on a stage during a rave.A number of peoples heads are cut offI 'm not saying the book was terribly written . It had a few good points , it was an interesting style of writing . It was the extreme vividly explain killing , he went way overboard on explaining each way someone was killed , and the whole pepper spray was a bit . . disturbing .
 I would have enjoyed this more if they had gone into greater detail on what the materials they used are , and how to achieve more natural finishes etc. . .
 So you understand from where I 'm coming
 I wanted to like this book , but unfortunately it 's not worth the paper it 's printed on . There is more and better information available free on Mike Weasner 's terrific website -LRB- referenced on almost every page of the book -RRB- . Nor does the book provide a valuable and handy reference - the long text articles about tuning the scope etc lack diagrams , illustrations , useful pictures ... I almost laughed when the Seasonal Name Star Charts appeared several to a page and so small as to be utterly useless . Want to know how to carry your ETX outside ? This book is for you . Want to know anything about accessories , programming the AutoStar , what the inside of the ETX looks like , CCD imaging , or similar topics ? Forget it , it 's not in there . Conclusion
 I eagerly awaited this book , but then I deeply regretted that I 've bought it . It 's definitely not worth the paper . Well , the book contains everything I knew before , but all I want to know in addition -LRB- and there is still a lot ! -RRB- is not adequately addressed . Very sparse technical information , no drawings , bad illustrations , no hints at all , nothing but ridiculously simple explanations.In summary , there is no need to buy this book , except for a very beginner .
 In all seriousness Avery Cardoza could n't have spent more then 5 hours putting this book together in it 's entirety . The chief ill of this book is that it takes on too broad of a scope in covering the major forms of poker -LRB- Hold 'Em , Seven card Stud , Lowball , Draw , etc -RRB- but then serves further insult by providing only a cursory explaination of rules for these poker variations with no inclusion of specific play strategy for each of them . The other information -LRB- winning strategy , money management , etc. -RRB- is completely generic and skimpy in weight . Do yourself a favour and fold this weak hand before the flop .
 I picked up this book at a used bookstore on a whim and was completely disappointed . There were one or two interesting pieces of information , but for the most part the book was repetitive and uninformative . I agree that this book is only useful as a rulebook and extremely basic strategy . You could get that same information from a general card game anthology , like hoyles or scarnes if you wanted to . Or , if you are really interested in learning how to win at poker there are a variety of other , more detailed books available .
 These comments refer to the old Continuum edition , NOT to the Stanford edition , which is a fine translation ... While not wishing to detract from what has been said about the importance of this book , it is worth mentioning that the English translation is scandalously bad and in need of replacement . I 've had occasion to make extensive comparisons between the German original and the translation and the results are not encouraging . Much is simply flat-out wrong -LRB- e.g. , sometimes the translator mistakes one German word for another -RRB- even more is unnecessarily clumsy . While Horkheimer and Adorno adopted a rather dense style of writing , nothing they produced is quite as cumbersome as what readers of this translation have had to endure.One can sympathize with the translator -- he did the translation at a time when very little by Horkheimer and Adorno was in English and it appears that he worked under a rather tight schedule -LRB- it is possible to find errors piling up on a page and then suddenly ceasing -- suggesting that the poor fellow took a break and came back later on , with happier results -RRB- . But there is no forgiving the publisher for leaving this text uncorrected for so long despite a long-standing consensus among students of the Frankfurt School that this is a deeply flawed translation . That anything of the power of the original makes it through the muck of this translation is a testimony to the force of Horkheimer and Adorno 's ideas.A new translation is long overdue . Until then , readers coming to the work of the Frankfurt School might want to seek out Max Horkheimer 's Eclipse of Reason , a summary of the argument elaborated here which Horkheimer delivered in English at Columbia University at about the same time of as the publication of the German original of this book .
 Gunzelin Schmid Noerr , the editor of the Stanford edition of DIALECTIC OF ENLIGHTENMENT , has taken a dense , difficult book and made it more work to read . Horkheimer and Adorno 's `` philosophical fragments '' reward the reader not only with sustained analyses of capitalist culture , but also with pithy one-liners worthy of the authors ' role as the philosophical Statler and Waldorf heckling Euro-American civilization . But Noerr 's pedantry constantly gets in their way and yours.The edition has two problems
 I think I preferred her last two books even though they were a mediocre rating . I think she 's getting way too much publicity because she got published as a teen . I think she should put for characterization and description into her book , it 's not very accurate to visualize . It only took me a little over an hour to read.Looking over the other reviews , they are right , she needs something new . The witches and vampires just is plain and boring out there . I admire her for being published at a young age , but her writing really needs an improvement .
 This book was awful . Her characters are too flat and unrealistic . Her dialogue is stilted and her plot is unbelievable . Her sucess and multitudes of positve reviews is baffling .
 While some confusingly bitter reviewers angrily state that the story is `` stolen '' from that horrid show Buffy , I 'm afraid the story is Amelia 's . It would seem that her talent peaked with her last book , `` Demon in my View '' . Honestly , if you want to read more by this author , skip this book and continue on to her fourth one .
 I have no problem with this being about a vampire hunter . Believe it or not people , Buffy was n't the first thing to use them.The story started off good , but the ending good really stupid , for the lack of a better word . Nike is a killer who tortues his victims and makes them his followers , but is good and moral because he does n't kill them ? Uh , no , that did n't go down my thoat no matter how hard the author tried to shove it . The idea of vampires , after living a hundred years , decide to go to high school is hard to believe . The ending is the same as Demon in my View and it 's hard to buy this time around . The vampires -LRB- who kill people -RRB- are made to be the good guys while the witchs -LRB- who risk their lives to save us meer mortals -RRB- are the bad guys . The idea that a person , who 's father was killed by vampire , would sit well with the idea that they are vampires is outrageous.The author needs to wait a couple of years before she writes another book . In that time span , she should watch people and see how they act . Because the Chacters she creates are not even remotely close to the people on plant earth .
 This one was better than the other one I read from her -LRB- Demon ... -RRB- ... better , but not great . I picked up this one because a friend was completly crazy about her . The plot twist was great and seemed so original ... and then i read the other one and my illusions were shattered . Just finding out that Demon came first is a dissapointment . I feel sorry for this poor author because all her life from now on she 'll be reminded of these terrible works of fluff . Make way , much better writers are on their way .
 ok a vampire slayer falls in love with a young vampire , hmmmmmm ? where have we heard this before ? anybody heard of buffy the vampire slayer , yeah thats where i heard about this , you see buffy was a vampire slayer and she fell in love with the young vampire , Angle but angle doesnt drink the blood of humans , but animals but then he turned evil and she sent him to hell , well this wasnt exactly like that but the buffy angel thing is right on , this author has a grudge against buffy , she should get her own material
 I was sadly disappointed and probably the last time I will ever think of buying her book . Next time I will just save the money and borrow it from the library . there 's just no improvement in her writing . This is even more unoriginal then her last two books . It reminds me of a rip off of Buffy the Vampire Slayer . I expected more from her . This is garbage , hopefully her next book will be well over the vampire hunter a la witch by then . It be nice to read something not about witches in every book .
 I would if I could give it two and a half , but the book as I have noticed from other reviews , yes there are a lot of storylines taken from Buffy and other horror writers , which is what upsets me . I 'm kind of offended that she has n't yet written something , well original , I am hoping she makes an improvement sometimes in the future . Her writing is stronger , it 's her creativity is what needs work . The whole Buffy thing just annoys me . It 's too unoriginal for my say .
 I was expecting a good book from some of the reviews critics were giving her , but critics normally ca n't review a book if their life counted on it.I found the critics worshipping her age more then her actual writing ability . I read the book for myself and I am ashamed to even think she has influence upon young writers . Her writing quality is around below average to average . Around a C - . Starting with the synopsis ... Sarah Vida is on a journey to slay Nicolas , a `` deadly '' vampire who marks his victims.Sarah
 While the plot seems interesting and the poetry is pretty good , The author 's style is forced and rushed . MAybe if Miss Atwater-Rhodes wrote the book over in a couple of years , I 'd give it a try .
 Let 's start on a positive note . This is the best of Atwater-Rhodes 's first four books . Unfortunately , that really is n't saying too much.Sarah Tigress Vida -LRB- TIGRESS ?! -RRB- is a vampire hunter and the youngest in a long line of powerful witches . A constant disappointment to her mother and older sister , Sarah wants desperately to please them . However , that would involve having to lock away any and all emotion she possesses , something Sarah ca n't seem to do . Actually , the only emotion Sarah displays for nearly the entire book is a kind of pouty-punk ` look at how much of a brave and misunderstood tough girl I am ' attitude . Oy . Then she meets the new vampires at school . Despite her initial feelings of ` get away from me ' , Sarah grows to like them . These vampires are gentle , peaceful , so weak most witches would n't identify them as vampires . They do n't kill to feed . The boy Christopher soon starts sending her roses and poetry.Note
 That is what I am doing - mourning for all the trees cut down to create the paper to hold this piece of tripe work . This plot went no where . The characters are weak yet they are played up , or told to others , that they are some of the strongest in their lines . Once more , like Forests and Demon , Amelia gives us cahracters for one paragraph -LRB- or sentence ! -RRB- names them , and then never speaks of them again . Great if she 's going to talk about them in later books , but by then I think I might have gone and destroyed her computer so that she does n't send any more manuscripts to her editors at Random House and cut down another rainforest!Sarah Vida is annoying - she has a cool car , an evil mother , and she hates vampires . Oh but wait ... nope , she loves Christopher , the vampire . The artiste.Gag me.This is just awful . Spare yourself the time and wasted money and energy and just put the book down ! The ending is precisely the same as the predecessor , Demon in My View . I 'm completely tired of seeing `` perfect '' people turned into vampires by vamps who were once their enemy.I wish that more talented young authors would get the recognition they deserve . I have read two great works by two young authors -LRB- one another vampire writer hopeful -RRB- who are struggling to make it when Amelia is sitting here writing stuff that makes me feel less intelligent for having read it in the first place.I fear Midnight Predator , Amelia 's fourth outing due in May . I hear it has something to do with the Bruja Guild of vampire hunters going into a place called Midnight to kill a woman vampire named Jeshickah and her right-hand vamp , Jaguar -LRB- too close to Jager if you ask me . Get some more original names , please ! -RRB- . But the main characters , one Turquoise Draka and Ravyn Aniketos , are enemies working together , selling themselves in as human slaves , which these vampires seem to use . My question - where are the police with all of this stuff ? Are we even on earth anymore ? She should just make her own planet or make it more believable . That 's what most people want out of a vampire story - the horrorific fear that it COULD be true.Though , the way most of her characters whine and throw tantrums , hers being real might be far more frightening .
 I like the fact that she admires Anne Rice but the thing is her books are too much like Anne Rice 's material and other auhors work . She needs more depth in her work and originality . Too much originality can be bad but her ideas have already been used and all she does is put it in different words . You ca n't relate to any of her characters.There are penty of horror writers with the talent who should be published rather then Amelia . have read unpublished work by many and yet they are very talented but have n't had any luck with publishing . She 's just a weapon for Random Houe of `` good publicity '' and they buy her work because o her age . Just because she is a teen that does n't make her a good writer.A good writer speaks fom their soul not from other writers point of views . She may be big right now , but wht happens when someone her age gets published ? She will be yesterdays news and no longer prased for her `` age '' when she should be praised for talent . Talent matters and she just does n't have it , or I have n't seen it yet from her . The only talent she shows is that she can rewrite something by another author making it sound worse.As far as the length of her book I would expect her to write atleast two o three novels a `` year '' anyone could write that much within one or two months and maybe less . No if she was like anne rice writing a six or seven hundred page with 90,000-130 ,000 words then I could see why she wries on book a year.I 'll just be satisfied the day a writer like Ameia comes out only with more talent and show what it mean to really get in touch with their readers . Amelia needs a lot more voice . Writing is n't something you can just pass on , writing a novel is a challenge for everyone including novelist.I read in one interview of Amelia that she does n't structure or outline her story , well , it would help a lot Amelia . You could do better if you actually thought the plotline out . Plotting outa story on a piece of paper helps a LOT.I pity you if you are praising her for her age rather then talent . I envy her for the fact there are more writers who deserve her spot with more talent then she carries . I will pray her next book has more taste and voice or I think I may just kill myself .
 Despite the fact that I was dissatisfied by `` Forests of the Night , '' and heartily disliked `` Demon in my View , '' I picked up `` Shattered Mirror '' and braced myself . I must have a streak of masochism -- or I just have an optimistic hope that Atwater-Rhodes improve . She definitely can , but her books have been getting worse as they 've increased in size.Sarah Tigress Vida -LRB- `` Tigress '' ? -RRB- is a vampire slay ... I mean , a vampire HUNTER , who generally stalks around vampire lairs with silver knives -LRB- I thought silver was supposed to affect werewolves , not vampires ? -RRB- and kills vampires when she can . Her mother is Dominique Vida , a character mentioned in `` Demon '' ; her father was killed when she was seven , an event that traumatized her , and her sister Adrianna thinks she 's treading into dangerous turf . Sarah has every intention of capturing a particularly vicious vampire named Nikolas , who gets his kicks -LRB- and his followers -RRB- by carving his name into their arms.Sarah befriends Christopher and Nissa , a pair of young vampires who apparently do n't attack humans . Christopher is sweet , writes poetry , and is completely smitten with Sarah -LRB- whoa , what a surprise . Anyone else see this coming ? Why is it that people of the opposite sexes in this imaginary world either despise each other or fall in love ? -RRB- Unfortunately , her fellow witches -LRB- Adrianna in particular -RRB- have a problem with this -- their law forbids it , and Dominique is an ice-cold walking punishment . But as Sarah hunts down Nikolas , she treads a dangerous line between the vampire world , where her love interest still is bound , and the world of the witches where she may become an outcast as she tries to hunt down a ruthless vampire killer.Mary-Sueism strikes again ; after dealing with the amoral and unsympathetic Jessica in `` Demon , '' we must deal with gorgeous blond toughie Sarah , who is slightly more sympathetic than Jessica and who thankfully is not a teen vampire author . But the only vulnerability we see in her is never exploited , and we see few insecurities , leaving her a Buffy-clone with little personality . Christopher could have been the most intriguing character of all , but Atwater-Rhodes spends so little time on him that it 's hard to see what motivates him except guilt . Oh , and his poetry is n't so good . -LRB- He rhymes `` light '' with `` night . '' I rhyme it with `` trite '' -RRB- Nissa is slightly more explanatory , given her anecdotes to Sarah , but sadly we do n't see much after that meeting . Adrianna is a typical tattler , and Dominique is a two-dimensional ... well , amazon wo n't let me use the word . It rhymes with `` itch , '' though.The only truly three-dimensional character is Nikolas , oddly enough . Though initially portrayed as a psychopath , he is a killer but not a monster . These moral question marks are just screaming to be explored in more depth , but she leaves them dangling . The last quarter of the book happens too fast , as does the so-so relationship between Sarah and Christopher -LRB- whom she distrusted and then beat up during the course of the book -RRB- . And one of the twists leaves the reader unsatisfied -- did n't we see this event in `` Demon '' ? Has she taken to ripping herself off?Perhaps Atwater-Rhodes ' biggest problem is pandering to the basic teen market . Her first book was somewhat unique in that it featured a lead character who stays in the shadows , and no romance . After that , however , she has lapsed into tepid teen romances and lead characters in high-school . -LRB- Why the heck would vampires attend a high school ? -RRB- Another note
 ok a vampire slayer falls in love with a young vampire , hmmmmmm ? where have we heard this before ? anybody heard of buffy the vampire slayer , yeah thats where i heard about this , you see buffy was a vampire slayer and she fell in love with the young vampire , Anegl but then he turned evil and she sent him to hell , well this wasnt exactly like that but the buffy angel thing is right on , this author has a grudge against buffy , she should get her own material
 I have to say I am very disappointed in this writer . After reading her last two books I expected her to improve in her writing . The ending did n't really catch my eye . It seemed weak , maybe a little weaker then Demon In My View 's . I think she needs to go into more depth . There 's just not enough.I do wish her luck and hope for a change . Something different I hope . It be nice if she could go outside of witches and vampires . It would be a change , variety is more .
 Amelia Atwater-Rhodes seems to be capturing everyones focus on amazon , so being the open minded person i am i decided to read some of her books , this book being one of the books i chose.I love vampire books , they just are always interesting and romantic , but this book made me want to throw it away ... i almost did , but i didnt want to waste my money.The cover and description all seem really interesting , but its far from itYes the author was young and yet she had amazing diction and word choice , but thats all she had.The romance , if you could call it romance , was horrible . You never really seemed to connect with either of them on a personal level and it got so annoing how much she freaked out when she was around him . `` this is so wrong '' `` im breaking all the rules '' blah blah ... The action was decent but it was just boring . After reading that i read Frostbite and that totally blew Shattered Mirror out of the water.This was a short , boring read that had a very bad ending.Don ' t waste your money . . i did .
 I am totally confused by this book 's title . Ordinarily , one might expect a book called `` Arthur C. Clarke 's Chronicles of the Strange and Mysterious '' to have been written by Arthur C. Clarke ! , but not so . It transpires , some years ago , Clarke hosted two hugely successful British television series ' entitled Mysterious World and World of Strange Powers - the accompanying books for which went on to become best-sellers . Now , seemingly in an attempt to jump onto the bandwagon , these two authors have produced a book containing fresh mysteries and have invited Clarke to analyse them . Confusing or what?And there hangs the problem as far as the subject matter is concerned . Clarke is a most distinguished scientist and engineer . For him , therefore , all paranormal events have a perfectly rational explanation - even if he does not actually have that explanation to hand.We live in a world beset with mysteries and we like reading about them . As and when conclusive proof comes along to prove , discount or explain away this mystery or that , I personally do not want my reading of such matters spoilt by one who know best and by one who knows all the answers simply because he is a scientist.Some interesting mysteries - but there are better books available.NM
 not for me way over the basics win 32 api is a dauting subject not the books fault most likey mine
 I have the same feeling as the guy in Germany
 Because of the good ratings here I bought that book since I thought that Dan Appleman 's book was too difficult . To my mind Jason Bock 's book is not so good since it is not suitable for absolute Win32-API beginners . He starts with the exceptions , critical things and so on . Often he writes , that something will be explained in another chapter . This is a bad design of a tutorial . He has some good tips and tricks in that book , but if one is a beginner with Win32-API he must read too many things a few times until he understands them . Dan Appleman 's book seems to be a little better for beginners .
 I had heard of this book , and being on a neverending quest for better canine health , wellbeing , and communication -LRB- as evidenced by my other reviews ! -RRB- I decided to add it to my `` stack '' of read-and-rates . There is nothing new , novel , or remotely remarkable about this book . But less than average writing , poor illustrations , and out-of-date techniques are among some of its numerous flaws . I approached this book initially because it was listed under `` Dogs -- Behavior '' AND `` Dogs -- Training . '' But really if anything , it falls under choosing and caring for a new puppy!There are 10 chapters in this book . The first is more of an `` extended intro , '' second is Dibra 's 8 Fundamental Pack Behaviors -LRB- nothing any reading/thinking person would n't know * yawn * -RRB- , and chapters 3-6 are all about choosing and caring for a new puppy ! WHOA ! Was n't this listed under `` Dogs -- Behavior '' ? Just wait , it gets better!Chapter 7 finally gets to the `` behavior '' portion I crave . But I was severly dissappointed . The illustrations are terrible , if not incomplete , and the description of basic doggy body language is less-than-adequate . He does n't even BEGIN to go into the complexities of certain types of dogs , or `` dialects '' as we like to call them ! But all in all , if you have never read any texts on behavior , it may possibly be a wee bit helpful to you.Unforgivable Sins in this book : Dibra 's puppy-buying guide relies HEAVILY on AKC as a `` starting point , '' saying you can use them for breed research , breeder referral , and a reference point . Not so . AKC offers generalities like breed standards -LRB- useless when matching a dog to your lifestyle ! -RRB- and a list of breeders who may or may not produce quality dogs . This generally would n't bother me so much , but he KEEPS referring to it!Dibra recommends that at 6 months a dog be fitted with a `` control collar '' ... which is a lame way of saying `` choke chain . '' He says in chapter 8 -LRB- pg 143 -RRB- `` It goes without saying that training ca n't begin without the proper equipment
 As I read this book , I kept turning back to the copyright date because I found it hard to believe that the training philosophy Dibra espouses is still being promoted . These techniques are old-fashioned ; most respected dog trainers have long since moved on to an approach that encourages the dog to think , not to be pushed into position and then `` corrected '' if he does not learn from the experience of being pushed around.There are so many better books out there -- please keep reading to at least get a well-rounded view of dog training . Do n't accept any one trainer 's or author 's view as gospel .
 Despite the author 's statement , there is nothing revolutionary about this book . In fact , many suggestions in it are falling by the wayside -LRB- paper training , `` corrective jerk '' -RRB- as we learn more positive , fun ways to work with our dogs . Although it contains great suggestions for selecting a dog , other books have better all-around advice ; for example , `` A Simple Guide to Puppies . '' For true enlightenment on dog communication , read Patricia McConnell 's delightful `` The Other End of the Leash . '' Leave this one , with its aggressive approach to training , on the shelf .
 This book is an all-around puppy manual for the beginner . There were few novel ideas and the majority of these ideas seemed `` gimmicky '' by Bash applying his own monikers to techniques . Graphic illustrations -LRB- drawings -RRB- were remarkably poor . An experienced dog owner may find more use in one of the other dozens of books on dog training .
 I approached DogSpeak with enthusiasm -- as a keen dog handler and trainer I am always on the lookout for books that will enhance my ability to understand and communicate more effectively with my dear canine . The first part of DogSpeak was a reasonable introduction to recognising dog behaviours that may be useful to people coming to grips with their first dog , and who do n't have other sources such as more experienced owners or a local obedience club to turn to . For people looking for more advanced dog-person communication , there was very little that was new or particularly insightful . The second section of the book on training was more disappointing . The training methods were basic , old-fashioned , and importantly were short on detail on what to do when the method does not work -LRB- and no method works all the time ! -RRB- It is simply not good enough to reassure readers that ` your dog will understand this ' , as the author regularly did . Also the use of the corrective methods shown in the book could be dangerous and counterproductive in the hands of inexperienced trainers . Unlike the blurb , DogSpeak is definintely NOT revolutionary . It makes very little connection between the communication and the training sections , the former being basic and the latter being a method that has been around for many years before this book was published . This book would only be of interest to new dog handlers , and for those there are many better resources available .
 I was very surprised after reading this book . I thought it was going to be great to learn the language of dogs . There was very little to learn in this book if you know any thing about dogs at all , and I 'm NOT a professional . Just a guy with a couple of dogs . What this book says is both not new and mostly obvious -LRB- bared fangs is aggressive . Oooh , how revolutionary ! -RRB- . Same with the training methods . I wonder if he is a good trainer in person . Maybe so , but if so he did n't put it into words very well in his book . Anyway , after reading this book I do n't know any more about my dog than I did before.BUT MY BIGGEST PROBLEM WITH THIS BOOK WAS THIS
 Pitiful book filled with more conjecture than fact . The writer feels the need to skip around Mary and Bonny 's stories so that she can throw in tidbits of OTHER pirates ' histories as well as her interpretation of what `` might '' have happened . I really hope there 's a GREAT book of Anne and Mary out there , cause this ai n't it !
 I really wanted to read this book , but I was not going to pay the $ 70 or so asked for at Amazon . So , I asked my local library if they had it . They said `` No , but fill out an online purchase request , and they would either borrow the book from another library or they might buy a copy for themselves to lend out . '' It took about 6 weeks , but I got it read this pamphlet - and I 'm so glad I did n't buy it!It was nothing but page after page of facts you could get from goggling Bonny and/or Read , or the authors ' ideas of what could have happened . It read a lot like an uninformed high school paper , with a catchy opening paragraph , but nothing exceptional after that - short , choppy sections , several pictures - that did n't even concrete what these female pirates looked like , more filler on all the other characters in the book , than actual facts on the pamphlet 's topics , and some unanswered facts -LRB- a few that left me wondering why they were added -RRB- . If you are curious about this `` book '' - check it out ! But do n't waste your time OR money buying it , if you are already familiar with these two pirates .
 So many have been disappointed with the unresolved ending to `` P '' that I think it ca n't be an accident . I would be willing to bet Grafton had her usual final chapter , tieing up all the loose ends with her traditional book-ending `` report '' -- and that the publisher/editor said `` let 's try an experiment and drop it and maybe resolve it all at the start of the next book '' . Sort of like Janet Evanovich ended one book with our leading lady in bed with one of two lovers and we had to wait til the next book to find out who.If it were an experiment , I hated it . And `` Q '' better straighten it out !!
 I 'm like the other reviewers . I 'm the first in line to grab up Grafton 's new book as soon as it hits the streets . With `` P is for Peril '' something strange is going on . Kinsey does feel like Kinsey anymore . Is Sue Grafton tired of her main character ? This could happen . The book almost feels like it was written by someone else using Sue 's name . Does this happen in publishing world ? I will read the next book but I 'll get it from the library .
 I have read ALL of Sue Grafton 's alphabet series books . This one was by far the most tedious , uninspiring and frustrating ! There was no consistency in the storylines and the ending , well , what WAS the ending ? It was a relatively long book for Grafton and the ending should have been wrapped up a little more neatly . I love the Kinsey character , yet she seemed to be different in this book -- almost another personality . I 'm wondering if Grafton really wrote this book ? It certainly did n't seem like her writing at all . I 'm being generous giving this book 2 stars .
 The ending was totally not a Kinsey ending . Also more boring details and less of Kinsey 's antics made this Grafton work under her standards . Grafton 's writing skills has improved but her content lacks character and enthusiasm . The book is a disappointment but I have n't given up on Grafton yet . Hey Sue , if it works , do n't change it .
 Have read all the series and really enjoyed them , but this one leaves me cold . Characters lack the usual full development , and the ending is the worst in the series .
 What a major disappointment . Glad to see that I was n't the only one who actually went to the bookstore to see if my copy had a chapter missing.Go figure . The characters were weak , the plot never took off , Kinsey seemed like a moron , and let 's not even talk about the ending that never was . Since I really enjoyed all the others -LRB- well N was a little weak -RRB- I guess I can cut Sue some slack . Sure hope this was a temporary lull .
 If this is what Otto Penzsler feels is `` non-stop action , '' I 'm going to have to pay less attention to his reviews . I agree with Amazon 's review , which refers to the `` plodding pace . '' I could barely finish this book , and would n't have if it were n't Sue Grafton . The plot was so thin I figured it out immediately , and it was so easy to see through Mariah that I could n't believe Grafton had the nerve to make it so obvious . I have greatly enjoyed all the books in the series up until now , but in my opinion , this is by far the worst . Very difficult to care about any of the colorless characters , and I found it hard to like even Kinsey in this book . If this were Grafton 's first novel in the series it would go nowhere . Sorry , Sue !
 Having read all the other letters in this series , I was eager to get my hands on this one . But I was terribly disappointed . The plot was less than creative . The amount of material provided on the medical profession slowed it to a snail 's pace . The sub plot , which dealt with two handsome brothers was far more interesting but under developed . Perhaps because `` O is for Outlaw '' was such an excellent novel that this suffers in comparison . I recommend allowing the ` P ' to remain silent and wait for ` R '
 Sue Grafton is one of my favorite authors , but I wish I had skipped this one ! I agree with the other readers about the ending . It seemed very vague to me , too .
 What is this ? Is Mrs Grafton getting tried of writing books ? I enjoyed her series until she wrote O . Then it started to get stupid . What happen to Kinsey ? Grafton 's got her being lazy and stupid now . I hope Q is better than this . I 'm glad I took the advice of other readers and went to the library to get this book ; then to have wasted my money on a book that makes no sence , especially the ending .
 There is very little peril except for the reader who might fall asleep from sheer boredom . Instead , this slow , boring book should have been titled as `` P is for Poor . `` Dr Dowan Purcell has been missing for weeks when Kinsey receives a call from his ex-wife Fiona . Fiona , a potentially difficult client at best , is sure the good doctor ran away from his current wife Crystal . Fiona is convinced that she drove him away and that he eventually would have come back to her . Instead , to avoid the evil clutches of Crystal , the Doctor has skipped to Central America or maybe even Europe . Fiona is abusive and condescending and still Kinsey agrees to take the case.She then sets out on a tedious and detailed canvass of everyone and anyone that ever knew Dr. Purcell . She starts with his current wife Crystal who is convinced now that nine weeks have passed , that he is dead . She seems accepting of the possibility and has her hands full with her out of control daughter , Leila . Leila does not break new ground and like all the other characters in this novel , comes right out of character maker software . Leila is a classic out of control teenager . If you have ever seen any talk television or were unlucky to have a punk in your neighborhood , this is Leila . She hates her life and everything she has and spends the novel whining and rebelling . This allows the reader to meet the biological father as well as the other characters that populate Leila 's world.Along the way , as she investigates the doctor and the nursing home where Dr. Purcell was a glorified administrator , Kinsey manages to get herself into a conflict between brothers . After renting out office space from them , she finds out that they probably killed their parents and fled from Texas with ill-gotten gains . Unlike the notorious Menendez brothers , these two seem to have gotten away with it until now.With stereotypical characters , plodding action , and a weak story that just does not move for much of this 352-page novel , this offering is a real disappointment .
 What was that ? I 've enjoyed Sue Grafton 's A through O books over the past year , but this was sub-par . I kept waiting for something interesting to happen , but it never did . The book just -LRB- mercifully -RRB- ... ended .
 This is the first -LRB- and last -RRB- book of the `` Alphabet Mysteries '' that I will venture to read . This is a jargon of characters , most of them highly unlikely at best , an even larger jargon of plots , and a convoluted mess of a story . I did n't like the style , the plot , the setting , or the story itself . In the beginning we are led to believe that finding a missing doctor is the plot here , and our heroine sleuth , Kinsey Milhone , is a private investigator hired by the doctor 's long suffering ex-wife to do just that . Somehow there enters another story , of jewel thieves and murderers , that is not connected at all to the doctor 's disappearance . I could n't be sure at any one time which story I was reading . Our heroine comes across as a person with a screw or two loose , and she is just plain not real in any sense of the word . The ex-wife is underdeveloped as an eccentric older lady with a lot of bills , but that is all we ever really learn about this very vital character . The new wife , Crystal , is also vague , I never did get her place in the story correct until I was nearing the end , and when you add a totally unnecessary ex-husband to the new wife , a teenage daughter that is n't his natural daughter , yet he shares joint custody , the teenage daughter 's friend who has absolutely no bearing at all , other than to validate the teenage daughter 's character maybe . . well , it just becomes a huge mess . Then the author throws in another story on top of that ! It seemed as though Sue Grafton had some wonderful ideas for characters and plots and themes , would write them down , then forget about them and add new ones here and there . Definitely NOT an all-nighter on this one , folks , perhaps Sue Grafton should start again with the letter A and work her way forward .
 Perhaps by Z , Ms. Grafton will give her readers a quality story . I 'm forever hopeful -LRB- even after 15 mediocre attempts -RRB- because I think her heroine , Kinsey Milhone , deserves better . Certainly , we readers do . If you want a quick summer read while you 're at the beach that wo n't take too much attention away from the `` sights , '' then this is perfect . If , on the other hand , you 'd like to be challenged by a good plot or moved by deep thoughts and emotions , may I suggest another author . Maybe `` Q '' should be for `` Quit '' .
 I just finished reading `` P is for Peril '' and I was extremely disappointed in the ending . After I read the last page , I was looking for the rest of the pages in the book . I was beginning to wonder if there were some pages missing . Then I said , `` That 's it ???? `` I agree with one of the previous reviewers who said that reading is our vacation . Reading is a rest for our minds . If I have to think that hard to figure out the ending to a book , then I wo n't bother with reading it in the first place . I have always enjoyed Sue Grafton 's Kinsey series , but I think this one was lacking in humor and a good ending . Also , what happened to her usual report at the end?For all those folks who actually like to think hard about an ending , this is for you . But for those of us who want it wrapped up neat and clear , do n't waste your time . I 'm sorry I wasted mine .
 Sue Grafton is a good writer and Kinsey Milhone is still an interesting character , but the series seems to be losing its momentum . The title is somewhat misleading since there is very little peril or tension for the main characters . The insurance fraud subplot is a stretch
 I was incredibly disappointed in this book . The writing style was not what I was used to in previous books . Gone was the light touch . Instead , the dialog seemed like something out of a grade B romance novel . The usually flowing and descriptive prose was flat and awkward . The humor that is so important to the character of Kinsey was nowhere to be felt . The only way I could finish the book was to pretend that I was reading a novel written by someone else with a character similar to Kinsey . Even then it was hard going . This book made me wonder if , in fact , Sue Grafton was n't too busy to write it herself and just provided the outline of the plot and characters to someone much younger and less gifted to fill in the details . My advise to a new reader of Sue Grafton is to read all the other books of hers and forget this one exists . You 'll love her that way .
 This quite interesting book in Grafton 's generally excellent series was fine until I got to the end of the kindle version . The ending is missing ! Kinsey is left in peril , and there 's no wrap-up as usual for the series .
 I 've to date read every book in the series -LRB- except `` I '' and `` Q '' which I 'll read soon -RRB- . Of these reads , this one is the most uninteresting book I 've encountered . It 's as if the author tired of the subject and decided that 350 pages was enough and ... oh , well . At least the characterization of Kinsey is still intact . I 'm sorry - I do n't wish to write a negative review but the weak ending -LRB- and the lack of the `` Respectfully Submitted '' report -RRB- is what ruined the read for me .
 This was the first Sue Grafton book read so I went in with an open mind . The writing is drawn out but the mystery is even worse , it seemed all over with nothing really tieing together . I kept waiting for some expose or conclusion . Then the 2 brothers seemed totally pointless . It seemed like they 'd tie to the other crime.Maybe it 's just because this was my first novel , I got annoyed when half through I realized it was set in 1986 . Odd since it was written/published in 2001 and until then all references were as if the story was taking place today . That 's her choice I just wish the time frame was specified at the beginning .
 My title makes as much sense as her ending ! Although I have always enjoyed the Grafton ABC series , this was a huge disappointment ! The ending is ... well , not there ! And , although I do prefer to `` figure it out on my own '' , I seek that finality of conclusion that is lacking in this book . I truly believe that the publisher/printer has ommitted the final chapter !
 I love every other book about the alphabet series , but this book disappointed me . In fact , the last several books -LRB- say , from `` L '' on -RRB- have seemed too short and underdeveloped compared with earlier books . Like many other readers , I thought a lot had been left out . I figured out who did it and why as soon as she described these characters , and I think it would have been interesting if she had developed the lesbian relationship instead of alluding to it on the last page . A lot of other characters appeared and then disappeared , such as Dow 's daughter Blanche . Why did Kinsey never consult the psychic ? Why did she even interview Blanche ? Why did Sue Grafton even write about it ? Very weird , and I have to agree that this book seemed rushed and `` cranked out . '' Sue Grafton is very talented , and I hope she gets back on track , instead of simply describing peoples ' appearance and home decor , as she seemed to do this time around .
 No one is a bigger Sue Grafton fan than I ; but this book disappoints . The characters are boring and the book is so cluttered with descriptions of every house , street , the weather , the ocean , etc. . It took Grafton nearly two years to bring this book to the market and then she forgot to write an ending . This book will be donated to my local library , -LRB- along with a lot of others , I 'm sure -RRB- ; so go to the library or wait for the paperback .
 I feel better now that I have read a few of these reader 's reviews . I finished the book and I 'm looking for more , saying to myself , `` That ca n't be the end . '' So I decide I must have read the last few pages too quickly and reread them . `` Sorry , Ms Grafton , this book needs a new ending . You forgot to give the killer a motive . '' I will give Ms. Grafton credit on doing her homework about medical fraud and billing for Medicare . I am a medical doctor and bill Medicare for procedures . It is as confusing as she depicts it . I have read all of the books in this series -- great books to bring to the beach -- light and fun -- so I will hope the next book will improve .
 I know that I have read this plot and a lot of the details before . It bugged me the whole time I was reading it , but where ? Considering the cost of a new hardbound book , I 'd like a NEW plot . The first half thr dullest thing that Grafton has written . It improved , but over all I would say that it was a waste of money .
 I got to the last page of this book and expected more . The book was pretty good , but the ending was n't what I was looking for and definitely not so soon . What happened to the last few pages?I have a signed copy and I thought that maybe for it being signed it was abridged or something . I spent 2 days reading it and then getting to the ending like that . If any more of her books end like this , I wo n't be fan much longer.I just hated spending hours reading this book and then it ending so abruptly .
 What is this ? Is Mrs Grafton getting tried of writing books ? I enjoyed her series until she wrote O . Then it started to get stupid . What happen to Kinsey ? Grafton 's got her being lazy and stupid now . I hope Q is better than this . I 'm glad I took the advice of other readers and went to the library to get this book ; then to have wasted my money on a book that makes no sence , especially the ending .
 We have read all of the Sue Grafton Alphabet mysteries . Up until `` P Is for Peril '' they were all very engrossing and we could hardly put them down till we were finished . This one is the first of the series that we did n't like very well . We had trouble staying with it . And the ending was unlike any of the previous books . It was as though Sue Grafton forgot to finish the story . We hope and pray that she has not forgotten how to write ! `` Q '' should give us the answer.It is rather scary what Sue says in her statement on the copyright page . Is she joking ? We hope so . Her previous works were excellent . We pray this book is not the first of her works that a new reader may pick up . We would hope they would want to start with `` A '' . If they do , they will get hooked as we were , and have many great books too read ... till this one . This book is definitely not up to par for Grafton.Corrine and Ray
 Ummm ... I 'm an avid Grafton fan and have dutifully read all of this series . I was not impressed this time -- sorry to say . There were too many characters and too many plots . The most interesting was the sub-plot involving the 2 brothers . I think that would have made a most interesting book . I was surprised/disappointed at the ending . I 'm still wondering whodunit .
 P is for Peril started out good but slowed to a grinding halt . The sub-plot with the brothers really could have developed into a good story but it was not allowed to . Also as many others have stated , what happened to the ending ? Read the last chapter twice and I am still not sure `` who done it '' . Which could be intriguing but instead causes frustration for the reader . The style of writing is different in this book too . Less humor and descriptive narrative than in previous books . It would appear unfair to not recommend this book to longtime Grafton fans . However for newcomers start at the beginning with A is for Alibi , you wont be disappointed .
 What is this ? Is Mrs Grafton getting tried of writing books ? I enjoyed her series until she wrote O . Then it started to get stupid . What happen to Kinsey ? Grafton 's got her being lazy and stupid now . I hope Q is better than this . I 'm glad I took the advice of other readers and went to the library to get this book ; then to have wasted my money on a book that makes no sence , especially the ending .
 i am generally a big fan of Grafton 's work . to tell you the truth , i have doubts that she wrote this one herself . the voice seems to switch back and forth in an odd manner ; the plot line shakes and shudders ; the quality and style of most of her work was simply missing . I hope she gets back on track .
 I just read L through P in one week . L through O were well told , light , funny , witty and worth the dollars I paid for each of them at the used book store . But P is for Peril marks the first book by Grafton at her new publisher . Grafton evidently forgot to cart along her former editor , who was largely responsible for Kinsey 's quirky voice and character.In P is for Peril , Kinsey has lost her voice completely . Grafton has drafted someone new to fill the vast void the last editor filled so well . The voice is now serious , stilted and silly at best.The old Milhone is sorely missed , having died in O. O is for Oh , my , goodness , please bring back Kinsey!P is for Presposterous!Sue evidently has followed the old Lawrence Sanders suit -LRB- he had some flunky named Vincent write drivel in Sanders ' name -RRB- and left the writing to some underling whose voice in no way mirrors Grafton 's witty , light and clever one.Goodbye , Sue . You lost a once-dedicated fan ...
 If you told me this book was written by a Grafton wan na be , I 'd believe it . I ca n't remember an alphabet book in which , when the murderer was revealed , I did n't say `` Oh , yes ! NOW I remember that subtle clue . '' No clue here . I ca n't remember an alphabet book in which the ending did n't contain a muscle workout for Kinsey in a truly perilous situation . Not here . Further , part of the plot contains a very complex corporate structure involving fraud . The structure makes no sense whatsover to anyone who knows even the basics of business . This simply was n't a good book . If it were `` A '' , there 'd be no B.
 Kinsey has an office she does n't like anymore , she has a case she does n't want , and her intuition is clearly on the fritz ! She wanders around & out-of-the-blue through-the-magic of an oh-so-convenient telescope sees what she really does n't want to see . The body is found , her obnoxious client is clearly to blame . Another investigator tells her tale and she falls for it . She fights off the bad guys . She finds a bullethole with a name on it -LRB- only one person could have found & fired that gun , she supposedly deduces ? -RRB- , she sees a hand placed on an arm , and VOILA she calls her ex-lover cop-buddy & sits back for a glass of wine on a deck overlooking the surf with two of possibly five suspects -LRB- the others are all upstairs with the baby -RRB- . She 's so tired.Well , now I do believe that she 's proved herself utterly stupid as well . Jacob probably arrives to find her out cold . That 's where the end of this novel left me . But , then , I 'm one of those unperceptive readers who ca n't see a subtle clue waved in my face , especially one with homophobic overtones . Grafton 's off my hardcover list -- her books can wait for the paperback . Better yet , just check it out from the local library .
 I love Sue Grafton , although in her last 3 or 4 books I have figured out who the killer is by the middle of the book , Ms. Grafton seems to have taken this complaint to heart and decided she would not tell us how this one ended at all . Considering she left everyone of her readers hanging on an abrupt assumption leaving us no choice to make up our own ending . This reader feels that makes all of us co-authors and entitles us to partial proceeds of the sale of this book . It 's a good thing I am not Kinsey Millhone , because if I was , I would use my normally exceptional detective skills , hunt down Ms. Grafton and beat her with this book . Kinsey and the readers that love her deserved much better . I tried to call Kinsey to get her take on this , but her answering machine said she was busy on a new case ... out looking for the ENDING TO THIS BOOK
 Over the past year I have heard many positive reviews of Grafton 's books , some comparing Millhone to Sherlock -LRB- of whom I 'm a big fan -RRB- . I eagerly started this novel , fully expecting to finish it in one day ... it took me 3 weeks ! As far as I could tell , Kinsey 's `` breaks '' in the case came mostly from luck , the deductive reasoning of Sherlock was less apparent in this character than the bumbling of Watson . Too many story lines were introduced and none of them developed to their potential . Grafton has the beginnings of three great novels in this book , and an ending that says she had a deadline to meet . Because I 'm an avid reader , I will give the `` A '' book a shot , but if you 're a first time Grafton reader , DO N'T START HERE !!
 Am a Sue Grafton fan , but this one left me cold . Too many sub-plots that never really came together and the final chapter did n't even pull it together ; left me with too many unanswered questions . In fact I wonder if possibly the publisher left out the final chapter . Grafton usually does a great job of tying up all the loose ends into a tidy conclusion . Not so this time !
 ... Now on to the review : Kinsey Millhone is still stuck in the 1980s , living in Henry 's garage and driving that beat-up Volkswagen POS , poisoning herself with Quarter Pounders with Cheese when she 's not letting Rosie do it for her with her own unique brand of ethnic cuisine . The extended family Kinsey acquired a few letters ago is n't around this time to bother her -LRB- a good thing , since they got on my nerves -RRB- , however in P is for Peril we 're met via Kinsey with a new montage of characters guaranteed to grate one 's nerves . A well-to-do doctor/administrator for a local nursing home goes missing , and Kinsey is hired by the man 's first wife to determine whether or not his disappearance was of his own volition . Reluctuant to follow what she thinks is a cold trail -LRB- the guy 's been gone for weeks , no witnesses -RRB- , she grudgingly accepts anyway , knowing she 'll hate herself later . Of course , we know if Kinsey says no there is no story , and it could be debated as to whether or not the reader hates Kinsey for saying yes.Peril offers little in the way of action as far as the mystery is concerned ; the reader is treated instead to Kinsey describing in detail the backbiting animosity between the doctor 's ex-wife and current wife , current wife 's daughter from a previous relationship , doctor 's harried employees and partners , etc. . A subplot featuring Kinsey being stalked by a would-be landlord who may or may not have killed his parents is brought in obviously to pad the thin primary plot , which throbs like the headache we 're sure Kinsey endured throughout this case.Peril is not badly written , nor is it a bad book . It is clearly not the best of the series ; as a Grafton fan I had hoped to see Kinsey improve with age and tackle further cases with as much sardonic verve as she had in earlier outings . Recent titles like this -LRB- N is for Noose comes to mind -RRB- are disheartening to read , yet Kinsey is an endearing character , and hopefully when Q is for Quarry comes out she will be back to her old self .
 This was a very disappointing novel from Sue Grafton . In addition to being very wordy -LRB- is she paid by the page ? -RRB- , Kinsey Milhone is quite dislikable . She finds fault with nearly everyone she encounters , especially the very young and those responsible for them . Were this Sue Grafton 's first in the Kinsey Milhone series , it might never have been published .
 While the book itself was quite good , I could not get past the awful reading by Judy Kaye . This was by far the worst audiobook I 've ever listened to . I 'm sorry I bought it . Ms. Kaye reads with ridiculous pauses that brought me back to the overdone acting of William Shatner in the original Star Treks . I do not recommend this Audiobook . Read it on hardcopy .
 Having read all the books in the series , I must say this is my least favorite . I read it on my iPad and when I got to the end of the story -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- I thought it was a technical glitch . After a bit of googling , it turns out there is no conclusion , no final summary from Kinsey , etc. . The reader was left to figure it out for themselves -LRB- which was not difficult -RRB- . Interesting literary technique , but had no value add in this case .
 I listened to this story on unabridged audio and the ending was so lacking , I honestly looked to see if there was a tape I had yet to listen to.The author goes into such extreme details as to tell the reader that the character used the restroom , -LRB- like I care , like it has any bearing at all on the story -RRB- , but then ends the story abruptly , without details or any real explanation at all.Thank goodness , it was only $ 1 at the used book store -LRB- I can see why -RRB- . Give me Nevada Barr or Elizabeth Peters any day over Grafton .
 The plot of the story did not unfold basically until the end . I would have put the book down after the first couple of chapters but I wanted to complete it since I spent my money on it and now I want a refund . This was a terrible mystery !!!! actually it was not a mystery it was a very descriptive story big on detail and very wordy no action , drama , or suspense . It was a waste of my time . This was the first book I read by this author and I will not torture myself by reading another one .
 Well , as far as books go this was not really that bad of a read . It just did n't grab me and not let go as most of Grafton 's works have . As usual I very much enjoyed the Kinsey Millhone character . In fact I wish she were a real person so I might meet her some day . But the overall plot and especially the ending just did n't do it for me . The first few pages held some promise . Missing doctor ; ex wife hires kinsey ; young current wife seems indifferent ; teenage daughter is out of control ... so what else is new ? You get the idea . Kind of intresting , but it just bogs down and just seems too contrived for a SG alphabet mystery tome . Again , I must remind you to keep this less than flattering review in perspective . Because Sue has done better , P is for poor .
 This book was very disappointing . If you are considering purchasing it I would reccommend that you `` Pass '' on this one . Though I like Kinsey , this story feels old and tired . Not strong in the mystery department , and no interestering characters .
 I am a dedicated Sue Grafton fan having read all of her alphabet mysteries . After what I thought was an excellent rebound back into gripping engaging murder stories starring Kinsey Millhone with `` N '' and `` O '' , I bought `` P '' thinking Grafton would continue her success . I was wrong.I think I started to read this book and then put it down from boredom about five times . The case and the characters simply were not interesting . Grafton does not seem to be fully invested or committed to the passions and motivations of the characters , the plot , or the story . There is no life in either of the two plots . Kinsey is searching for Dr. Purcell who has been missing for nine weeks . The police have already done some investigating , but the doctor 's ex hires Kinsey . Kinsey seems to be following the same trail of the police , which is now cold , and not turning up anything new in the investigation to keep the reader engaged . It 's only after page 200 , and after numerous sighs of impatience , that something breaks in the case and the reader has something interesting to read.In the other plot , Kinsey finds a new office space and a new potential love interest , but those events seem half-heartedly written by Grafton . It 's only around page 150 that the second plot becomes somewhat interesting , although right from the start it smells fishy -LRB- as other reviewers have pointed out -RRB- but not to Kinsey Millhone , P.I.The ending was a bit of a shock . You have 15 novels ending with `` Respectfully Submitted '' , and all the plot threads resolved and explained , you expect the 16th to end the same way . The final clue that led Kinsey to the murderer was grotesque . After Kinsey more or less stumbled on this clue , I immediately balked at the thought that the police were so incompetent that they had not found this clue in their investigation themselves . However , finally all the threads are more or less explained , although I did n't quite understand the final thread about why Dr. Purcell was murdered . I intended to read the final chapter again to work it out , but then I realized that I did n't care ! I did n't care about Fiona and Crystal and their squabbles . I did n't care about Dr. Purcell 's problems with his nursing home . I did n't care about Crystal 's daughter Leila and her adolescent tantrums . I did n't really care about Kinsey or her romantic infatuations . And , to be honest , I do n't think Grafton really cared too much about this book either . There does n't seem to be the same gusto and love for the cases and the Millhone character that readers enjoyed early in the series . Perhaps Grafton 's departure from her usual endings was an attempt to bring some life into the series . I think all it did was leave a lot of her readers alienated and confused . If you are going to try something different , at least do it well . Perhaps Grafton should try Kinsey investigating a crime outside of Santa Teresa , or try a new series altogether , perhaps starring Dietz . In any case , `` P is for Peril '' , the worst of the series so far , has provoked me to wait for the reviews and the paperback version of `` Q '' to decide whether I should continue reading the series .
 Too many characters . Too many companies . Unrelated sub-story . A completely stupid ending . I am so glad I got this from the library instead of buying it . Grafton is cranking these out so fast now she does n't realizing how bad this one is .
 Ms. Grafton 's use of epilogues to resolve issues is a trademark that is sorely missed in this book . When I finished the book , I was left unfulfilled . The two main plots never intersect -LRB- there are actually several other subplots regarding the relationship between Dow and his family members -RRB- . I was left with numerous questions such as Dow 's relationship with his employers and their relationship with crime , and Krystal 's daughter and her relationship with Dow and his money . While I can guess at most of the main points , I would appreciate not having to guess . Please tell Ms. Grafton to go back to epilogues . In fact , I would love to have one posted to her website even now.I also found Kinsey 's relationship with Dow 's first wife totally unrealistic when Kinsey was hired by Dow 's second wife.Like others , I enjoy Ms. Grafton 's style and wit . But this is surely her worst of the alphabet series .
 In the beginning , I thought this was the best novel that Sue Grafton had ever written . There was a great plot , numerous twist and turns and just enjoyable reading . Then the end of the book came and what a disappointment . It was confusing and left you feeling that you had just wasted your time reading the book .
 I have read all of Sue Grafton 's Kinsey Milhone books and , in spite of what I am about to say in this review , I will continue to read them through to ` Z ' if they go that far -LRB- I just will not be buying hardbacks for the foreseeable future -RRB- . Generally , I have enjoyed Grafton 's writing style ; her places , scenes and people are so alive , most especially Kinsey who is so well drawn that I find my self thinking of her as real.So it was with great anticipation that on June 4 of last year - on my way to the airport and vacation - I was at the bookstore when it opened for business . I was lucky enough to get a signed copy , my first Grafton hardback . The read I had so looked forward to while sitting on the beach was a huge disappointment.This book is a dud . It lacks memorable plot , interesting people , or character development ; it is poorly written and boring . I barely got through it and kept putting it aside for other reading matter.Peril has two main stories , one with many branches , one more straightforward . The latter is more typical of Grafton/Milhone and is the more interesting but plays a much smaller part . The main plot is filled with serendipity , red herrings , and dead ends . Neither were as good as plots from past works such as Lawless and Killer.I do not actually read Grafton 's books for the plots
 ** Contains spoilers ** Like many other reviewers , I see a number of faults in the book . There are a number of unexplained actions and unresolved plot threads . The person who kills Purcell has probably the least reason of any character to do so . The motivations and actions of Paulie and Leila are unexplained . Did Leila take Purcell 's money ? If so , what happened to it ? Why would Richard 's killer throw down his gun , leaving witness Kinsey to report him?Why would the police not conduct the same easy-and-obvious search at Purcell 's wife 's home , as they did at his ex-wife 's home ? Is the reader expected to believe that a passing and casual lesbian relationship would provide motivation to kill your sugar daddy husband ? Would Kinsey really take as indisputable truth the speculative newspaper innuendo about the brothers ' past ? -LRB- Surely she knows that what 's reported in the papers and what really happened are often quite different . -RRB- Finally , why would Kinsey , having found proof of who committed the murder , walk up to the murderer 's home and ask to use the phone to call the cops ? There were no other phones in town?There are a few other bloopers too
 Until i read the reviews on amazon.com , i thought i had purchased a defective book , i even went as far as returning to the book store that i purchased it from to look through all the other `` P '' is for Perils to see if pages were missing !!!!! i am a huge sue grafton and kinsey milhone fan , but i was major dissapointed in this book . i brought this book on vacation with me because i wanted a `` light '' and enjoyable read , and i got it until the ending . Sue , you have let me down -LRB- too bad you ca n't refund me my money !!! -RRB- .
 I am a devoted fan of the series but this one is either not completed -LRB- no `` respectfully submitted '' synopsis at the end -RRB- and for most of the book , it seem that Sue Grafton is still trying to figure out what the story will be about - much less how it will end . Very unsatisfying and NO character growth for Kinsey Millhone . No correlation between the title and the plot that I can see . Yeah she eats at Rosie 's , skips the gym and eats junky sandwiches but almost as a gratuitous bone thrown to the reader . My advice is to borrow it , check it out of your library or wait until it 's in paperback . It 's not worth the hardback price.Sue Grafton should be allowed one dud and this one is definitely it !
 I was very unsatisfied the ending or should I say non-ending of this book . I even went to my local book store and scaned several copies to make sure my copy was n't missing the last several pages . As avid Sue Grafton readers know , Kinsey always writes a summary of her report at the end of the book . This ties up all the loose ends . This book left us all hanging and my only hope is that Ms. Grafton 's next book is titled Q is for Question no more the ending of P ... I will clear it up for you in this book .
 Like many of the other reviewers , I 've read all of the alphabet series . This installment ended very abruptly and did not seem finished . I was very disappointed in this book . I hope that others who read this as their first Sue Grafton novel will try another before judging the entire series .
 what happened ... the download doesnt give the whole book and leaves one in the lurch
 Oh , I am so disappointed ! I have faithfully read this series from A-O and been thrilled with the writing , story and characters . Wow , what a change in this book . It rambles , seems to be missing sections and yikes , the `` ending '' ! I 'm sitting here saying `` why did I spend the last few hours reading this book '' ? Either the author is burned out or it was a editor 's hatchet job . I would n't even consider purchasing Q , at best I 'll borrow it from the library . Bummer !
 I 've read a few of Grafton 's books , and in the earlier Kinsey Milhone mysteries it all seemed quirky and offbeat . Now it all seems pre-fabricated , and the worst part of all is the outdated nature of the story . It 's almost as if Grafton wrote all the books in the series in the 1980 's and sits back , releasing a formula-ridden sequel every year and counting the money.First of all , get Kinsey a cell phone ! We are now in the 21st century , where is she finding all these phone booths ? -LRB- first clue that this was written well before the release date -RRB- . She 's still driving a 1974 Beetle ? Do those run anymore ? The over-descriptive narrative gets very annoying after awhile as well . Too much thumbing through index cards , too much of Sue Grafton going through the motions in this feeble `` effort '' . I rarely give one star in a review but this one is richly deserved . Time to find something else for light reading.Edit
 I HAVE ALWAYS ENJOYED HER BOOKS , BUT THIS ONE JUST ENDED . . HINTS AND I THINK WE KNOW WHAT THE CONCLUSION WAS BUT AGAIN , WHERE WAS THE ENDING ?
 Although most of the reviews stated this book would leave you withunanswered questions I at least thought I would be able to finish it . It only downloaded 514 pages of this book : -LRB-
 This is the first Grafton book I 've read . If it 's any indication of the quality of her other books , this will be the last . Some of this book reads like a printout of driving directions from mapquest ... `` I took such-and-such road to another road and stopped . I looked left and then turned ... '' who cares ??? She drones on and on with minutiae which drag out the story and bore the reader . The rest of the book is like reading the weather forecast , as the reader is subjected to minutiae regarding the clouds , the mist , the rain . Big deal . Who cares ? Boring . Pedantic . Predictable .
 I 've read most of the books in the alphabeth series , and try to consider Sue Grafton as one of my favorite authors , at least I always keep in mind to read one of her books every year.I call P as Predictable for many reasons , and do n't worry I wo n't ruin the book for you revealing the ending -LRB- not withstanding most of the readers seem to find its last plot turn a bit confusing -RRB- . The thing is her books usually are better.Kinsey is there , the supporting characters we know and love are there , the city and locations are there , the humor is there -LRB- a bit muffled -RRB- , and the talent and craft of the writer is there . Only the story is , well , dissapointing.All the subplot with the brothers , the office leasing and so on is frankly tedious and unbelievable . The moment she says `` its too good to be true '' we know it is , and nothing in it proves its worth to be , not say in the book , but in the series , it seems Grafton was lacking any `` peril '' in the P and added it in an effort to keep the reader in -LRB- there 's an absolute lack of peril in the other plot lines -RRB- . About the main case I do n't have a problem in understanding who is the killer as most reviewers have , of course is an odd ending for series that uses to close things more neatly , but hell , I do n't have a problem with it.The problem is in the pace . 200 pages to find a corpse and get things going , adds for a bit too much build-up . The book is full of too much description , and too much of the Kinsey routine we frequent readers love , but that is not enough to sustain a bleak plot . As a reviewer wrote previously , Kinsey keeps driving up and down , comenting about the rain , putting on and off her raincoat , looking for parking space or filling blank cards.Sorry Sue , lets hope Q is better so my favorite detective series does n't plummet to the land of the forgettable pulp .
 I 'm a Kinsey Millhone fan , but this novel is warped . The subplot destroys what could have been a good one . So Kinsey 's attracted to Tommy ? I could not believe she would change that attraction to her dumb-dumb vigilante mode INSTANTLY -- on the word of a total stranger ! Why did n't she at least go to Texas and nose around ? Then she would n't have been suckered by a femme fatale con artist , who herself was unreal . -LRB- The `` insurance investigator '' is so smart and sharp looking , but with a dumb low-life brother ?? Come on . -RRB- I guess Grafton wants us to think Kinsey 's infallible , but no one is , and that 's why we have a Constitution and courts , folks . Where 's Grafton been ? Last I heard , juries were convicting the retarded , the insane , and the innocent , and these poor -LRB- people -RRB- were getting death sentences -- ESPECIALLY in Texas . Come into the real world , Sue . Put Kinsey back in jail a while , and let her see what 's really going on .
 I have read every book that Sue Grafton has written and looked forward to this latest release . What a disappointment . This book was SO BORING I had difficulty staying awake to finish it . I never did figure out what the entire plot was supposed to be about . And for heaven 's sake , who was Anica ? I must have dozed off during her first introduction . To sum it up , Despite the fact I bought the hard copy edition , I have no desire to pass it on to anyone else . 1 star is too high of a rating . Shame on you Sue Grafton .
 In keeping with most other reviewers I was deadly disappointed by this book.Sue grafton 's style has become pedestrian and lacked any cutting edge to it.Kinsey 's character has not developed in any way and the writing was old fashioned and mundane.Kinsey seems to have no friends apart from Henry and compared to other female PI 's lacks humour.The plot was unexciting because Ms Grafton did not care about the characters.And if SHE didnt HER readers certainly could n't . I much prefer Dana Stabenow 's heroine Kate Shugak and Caroline Aguilera Garcia 's sassy Cuban heroine . Sorry Sue it is with great regret that I will not be buying the rest of the series .
 Medicare is n't exciting . Not even the word `` fraud '' can make it exciting . But this is Grafton , so you wade through all of that thinking it has something to do with the mystery . But it does n't . Other characters come in and out in a revolving door that seems designed to keep the page number climbing . They end up as dead ends and red herrings . Pauline ? Nurse Grey ? Purcell 's partners ? Rand ? Clint ? How do they fit in ? I read the book and I still do n't know . The ending is a big `` Wha ... ? '' and not in thrilling sense . I thought I was missing some pages . Some reviewers here suggest that all will be answered in `` Q '' but , honestly , this story and these characters are n't compelling enough for one book , so why would any of us want to revisit them ? There are other disappointments as well . I 'm not opposed to Kinsey exposing weaknesses and vulnerability . I 'd like to see a more personal side of her , but here she behaves stupidly not once , but several times -- taken in by losers and posers -- and that 's simply not the character Grafton has set us up to accept .
 PLEASE ... somebody who pretends to have understood the ending , explain it here . Start your review with a disclaimer not to read any further if you do n't want to know the ending . Those of us who seriously thought we 'd gotten a book with missing pages at the end would like your insight . If you 're one of the reviewers -LRB- a minority to be sure -RRB- who thought the ending `` subtle and clever '' you should point out what clues the rest of us missed.Until I hear from you , I 'll have to conclude that this book had no ending . It was a murder mystery that -LRB- at least for me -RRB- did n't answer any of the `` who '' `` how '' and `` why '' questions .
 I 've read/listened to every other Kinsey Milhone story and liked most of them , but this one really disappointed me . This is the only Sue Grafton book I would say was a stinker . It was rambling and crammed with dull details and I had to make a real effort to finish the book . I listened to the unabridged audio version and when I got the `` end '' I was afraid that perhaps I had listened to the tapes out of order and had missed something . The narration was also pretty flat.It was lacking in the usual wit and cleverness , with too many characters to keep straight , vanishing plots , a whole book of red herrings . Kinsey came off as pretty unlikeable . It was as though Sue Grafton got tired and decided to just stop where she was and say `` The End '' . I hold out hope for `` Q '' but will read the reviews before buying instead of after . New readers to the series should start with `` A is for Alibi '' and just skip `` P '' altogether .
 The story was n't bad , it 's just that the book ended abruptly . There was no resolution to the main story line and no `` respectfully yours '' comment at the end . I felt like someone grabbed the book out of Sue Grafton 's hands and sent to the publisher .
 I had a PDF copy of this book from a friend and when I got to the end I thought I was missing the last few pages because there is no killer identified . So I went to The kindle store and bought the book only to find there is no end to the story . This was confirmed by a friend with a copy of the book . So now I 'm frustrated that I read the whole bloody book and the author opted to not finish it . I feel ripped off after going and buying the book again for $ 7.99 and I still have no resolution . Grrr . Very disappointing . Especially after really enjoying the series up until now .
 I like Grafton 's books . They are not as heavyweight as Nevada Barr or Sara Paretsky , but I have read them all and am currently enjoying U is for Undertow.My advice is to skip P is for Peril . It seemed pointless and boring . Another reviewer wrote that she had just switched publishers . Maybe that explains it . Something in the process was definitely missing for this one . It gives the impression she should n't have bitten off the obligation to write 26 books in the series . Thankfully , the later books have improved .
 I purchased the Kindle edition and feel I 've been cheated . I like many of the other reviewers were left in a lurch on the last page of this book and looked for the non-existent `` Epilogue '' . Every one of Ms. Grafton 's novels through `` O Is For Outlaw '' included an epilogue so why was this novel the exception ? While most `` whodunits '' were concluded by the end of the book , the `` Epilogue '' from Kinsey Millhone 's character is always cleverly written to shed light on the `` loose ends '' that I 'm certain the author purposefully leaves out to keep those of us readers engaged until the end.Although I read the `` Most Helpful Customer Reviews '' from 2001 , which occupy two-thirds of the horizontal space on the bottom of Amazon 's webpage , and the `` Most Recent Customer Reviews '' , which occupy only 1/3 of that same horizontal space , there were only two vague reviews involving the `` Kindle Edition '' . It is for this reason that I felt compelled to write this review to inform other avid fans of Kinsey Millhone that you might feel neglected , overlooked , abandoned or unfulfilled after reading Ms. Grafton 's `` P Is For Peril '' . I 'm still astonished that in the decade since this book was first published that Ms. Grafton did n't provide an `` updated version '' that would INCLUDE the missing `` Epilogue '' . Information is SO immediate these days ; although I 'm certain there are many `` in-between corporate people '' -LRB- formerly known as `` middlemen '' -RRB- that will want to be paid if the author decides to make any changes . C'est la vie !
 I have read all of this series so far -LRB- up through `` T '' -RRB- and of all the books so far , I found this to be the weakest in storyline . There were too many sub-plots and characters that never got explained . All of the other `` Alphabet Series '' mysteries have been so engrossing that the books were hard to put down and I was eager to pick them up as soon as I could find a spare minute . But not this one . For some reason , this storyline did not grab me like all of her other stories have . It came across too much like she was trying to make some sort of `` social statement '' rather than writing a thriller . I wo n't give away the storyline or plot , but it did seem to me to be a little contrived , and too many coincidences occured for it so be `` real-life '' . I love it when Grafton brings Kinsey 's extended family -LRB- cousins , etc. -RRB- into play and wish she would do it more . If this book was being compared to most other fiction/mystery novels , I would have rated it a five , but I was comparing it to the other Grafton novels , and in my humble opinion , this one just does n't measure up to the others she has written .
 I read Q firt then read N , R , D and a few others . I just finished P and boy was I disappointed . The ending as others have stated is not tied up nicely like usual . In a few of the other novels there were a few strings left hanging which I can forgive . This one there were way to much information found out at the end that didnt figure into the ending at all . What about the sister of the juvie friend ? What happened to her ? Maybe I missed it . I am pretty good about going back and finding details I may have missed . I did not like the character development in this one . I was surprised that a PI like Ms. Millhone would not do thorough background checks on people that come into her life , professionally or personally.I like to find an author and read a book . If I like it I get more of them waiting in the wings . This one was a disappointment and had it been the first letter I picked it would be the last.Sorry Ms. Grafton , this just was n't the best hours of reading I have had .
 I 'm a Grafton fan - or was , until this one . On p. 4 , we meet a major character , a 69-yr-old doctor who finished medical school in 1944 and retired in 1981 . A few pages later , we have ' ... three years ago , in 1983 ... ' There 's no law against dragging an old manuscript out of the filing cabinet - I personally would n't like to live in the shadow of a contract requiring 26 books - but I think the author and her publisher could show her readers a bit more courtesy than this . At least charge us 1986 prices ! I buy very few thrillers - and I regret having bought this one . What comes next ? ' R is for Rejects ' ?
 Sue Grafton 's latest started out fine , but I was a little disappointed with the ending . I read the final chapter twice and was still wondering `` who did it '' . My question is , who and why ? In previous books , there has been an epilogue `` Respectfully submitted by Kinsey Millhone summing up her findings . I loaned the book to a friend and she came up with the same conclusion . I sincerely hope `` Q is for Quarry '' answers some of these questions .
 I am a huge Grafton/Millhone fan , but I was left wanting with this latest novel . The main plot , itself , did n't really ring true . The subplot was much more interesting , but was so brief that I was disappointed even with that.The ending seemed tacked on . I felt that Grafton was in a hurry or tired of writing and so just threw it together . I also did n't like how it leaves the reader hanging - who actually did it , anyway?I 'm still a huge fan , but I 'm not impressed with the `` P '' novel - let 's hope `` Q '' is better .
 An interesting plot but ms Grafton lost my interest quickly as she did not convey any depth to her characters . Usually she creates tension not only by the mystery and danger in her books but also holds your interest as you wonder about the characters thoughts and motivations . Sadly not this time . Still it remains a reasonable read if you 're bored . But you might find yourself flicking forward as , I did , hoping to find a more gripping part of the story and sadly not finding any .
 The only `` peril '' in this book was the disappointment at the end . I have read A through O and have enjoyed them and was looking forward to this book . What a disappointment ! I would not recommend this book ... rather turn the TV on and watch another rerun of `` Lavern and Shirley '' . If refunds are being given , where do I get in line for mine ? Let 's hope `` Q '' returns to the quality we expected `` P '' to be .
 I have enjoyed most of Sue Grafton 's books , but this one totally disapointed me . Where was the epilogue ? I know all books do n't wrap up in a nice little package , but hers usually do . I felt I was missing an entire chapter . It was a nice rollercoaster ride that ended in poop .
 Readers of the Alphabet Sleuth series , regardless of how much they loved the previous books , might think that at some point Sue Grafton would eventually exhaust all ideas for the premise . Of course , having started reading the series just a year ago and devouring each installment , I did n't think Grafton would let that happen -- she 's too talented , right?Wrong . `` P is for Peril '' is , simply , a weak book . Even the anemic premise of Kinset Millhone looking for a man who 's close to seventy years old is hard to swallow . Perhaps Grafton was hoping readers would take an interest in the aged , but the main plot of this story -- an elderly man who 's disappeared , leaving behinda young tart of a wife -- is lame . There are characters who come into play , then inexplicably vanish , only to resurface with even less explanation . The secondary plot of Millhone 's myserious love interest , Tommy , is just as boring , and grates the reader as Deitz is often mentioned , but never heard from . The resolution of both plot threads feels like a knot that was hastily tied , but wo n't hold together . In fact , even more questions are raised . For one , why did the killer -LRB- whose name I wo n't mention for those of you planning to read the book -RRB- kill Dr. Purcell in the first place ? How did Purcell 's stepdaughter get a hold of his ATM card , and what did she do with all the money ? Who is this Paulie chick -- who is quite interesting , by the way -- and why did n't Grafton develop her more ? In fact , almost all of the characters seem one-dimensional , which makes it very difficult for the writer to care much about them at all.I 'm not writing nearly as much as I usually do when reviewing a book , because there simply is n't a whole lot that can be said about `` P is for Peril '' . The book is by far the weakest link in the alphabet series ... and perhaps Grafton would be wise to make the next book a sequel to `` P '' in order to properly tie some loose ends
 Sue Grafton is to Patricia Cornwell as Danielle Steel is to John Updike . Both the former authors are mystery writers , but only one is truly talented . This is my first experience with Sue Grafton and it will likely be my last . Though her writing is grammatically correct and makes plenty of sense , it is dry and lifeless . The story is vaguely compelling , shot through with occasional snatches of uncouthness.This is the sixteenth installment in Grafton 's Alphabet Series , which is set to be completed by 2015 . In P is for Peril , Kinsey Millhone , a private investigator , has another case to crack . A renowned doctor , Dowan Purcell , is missing , and nobody knows where he is , and if he 's still alive or not . Millhone , paid by Purcell 's ex-wife , now needs to find out what happened to him and who 's at fault . At the same time there is a subplot going on
 It is very difficult to review this book as I have not received it . I could review how long it has taken to figure out how to let you know that it has not been received . It was the only book coming from Amazon -- Customer Service asked that I return the book sent in error . I DID N'T receive anything from Amazon . It was n't shipped , according to USPS . And now , as I understand it I am unable to get it because of a mistake Amazon made . Yes , they graciously agreed to refund my money -- but since I did n't receive the book and had paid for it , Amazon should refund my money.I will probably not order any more books from Amazon . Trying to get this straightened out has been quite a trial.Judy Comstock
 You 're much better off going to the original books this compilation rips off . There are editing mistakes galore in this volume , and the editor adds nothing new -LRB- except some typos -RRB- . I 'd sell mine as a used book but I do n't want to rip off someone else with this trash .
 What ticks me off about this book , is that it is so blatantly anti-religious , even more so than the amber spyglass . Amber spyglass was saying that god was evil , abomination is saying that christianity is destroying this kid 's life . Which really is n't fair on normal christians , after all we are n't ALL extremists ...
 I was VERY disappointed and , at first , pretty confused when I discovered the haphazard way this edition of the book is put together . Less than one quarter into the book , approximately 20 pages come up missing . Upon searching for them , I found other pages printed twice -LRB- some 20 pages -RRB- , but the missing pages were NOT there . It was early into the story , and I was disappointed not to be able to get the whole story on such an admirable , loving , Christian family . The binding is new ; pages were NOT torn out . It was actually bound this way !
 I was a bit disappointed as I was led to believe that this book would be in very good condition . The binding was cracked and it appeared to be a very used book . Fortunately I bought it for myself so it is not a big problem .
 Arthur Schopenhauer once said , `` The chief objection I have to pantheism is that it says nothing . To call the world God is not to explain it ; it is only to enrich our language with a superfluous synonym for the word ` world . ' '' So it is with this very sweet , very shallow New Age book for tots . If you teach a child that God is present in a tree , then better not take him to a lumber mill . Illustrated with impressionistic oil paint daubings .
 The Stupid Family ... I think that is a horrible title for a story about any family . It 's bad enough that parents call people stupid in front of their children , stupid driver , stupid human , stupid people ... but to further carry out STUPID in a child 's book ... oh gosh ... does n't make any sense to me ! The word Stupid in itself is awful and should n't be used . My 5 year old who is in all day kindergarden had a project this week ... to turn off the television and to read books . I took my daughter to the library today and we did a scavenger hunt of 8 authors ... Harry Allard was one of those authors . Viola Swamp was easy to understand ... but the Stupid Family is n't . How can people give praise to a story that makes fun of stupid people . Stupid is a very hateful word . Kids shoulnd ` nt use the term STUPID at all .
 My 7 year old recently brought this book home from his school library . I found it very offensive , because I think it teaches children that it 's funny to call others `` stupid '' . I can not think of a circumstance in which it is appropriate for a child or an adult to use this word towards another person . I was so upset that I wrote a note to the school librarian .
 I was recently `` converted '' to the charismatic/continuationist position , and a cessationist friend gave me this book to try to give me the other side . I have to say , honestly , if I were still on the fence before reading this book , I would be thoroughly convinced of the CHARISMATIC/CONTINUATIONIST view ! The reason for this is the absolutely dreadful exegesis , particularly of 1 Cor . 13:8 - 12 . One point in particular stands out
 what can you expect of a book that dismisses the gifts of the Holy Spirit in action today ? I 'm not sure if it 's a case of sour grapes , turning a blind eye to something or just pure blindness ! it 's for the reader to decide . The gifts are in operation and are visibly manifested across the world . Now , if someone chooses to think that they have ceased to exist and therefore all the realities that people are experiencing worldwide in God 's presence are fake - you know where he is going!And this book is not any different from what most theologians do - beat around the bush ! you do n't need 300 + pages to describe something that is written over a few pages in the bible unless you want to impose your view onb it and try to prove it . IN any case you ca n't disprove it Dr. Thomas , because if you walk into a place where the gifts are in operation , your heart 's secrets will be laid bare and then you BETTER fall on your face and repent !!! your theology ai n't taking you nowhere , sir !
 This deck caught my eye for it 's round , rather than rectangular , cards , and it 's multiculturalness.The deck was evidently created by feminists who have indeed created a feministic deck , and it would have been multicultural if not for it 's being anti white men.The booklet , written by Vicky Noble , repeatedly refers to a peaceful and idealistic matriarchial culture shared by all the people of all colours around the world that was crushed and opressed by white and monotheistic patriarchial invaders . This is supposedly supported by archeological findings , to which no references are given in the booklet.The `` Us = opressed multicultural womyn Vs. Them = evil white men '' is shown in various places : * The Son of Sword is a white man and a greedy murderer . * The Emperor card is described in the booklet thus : `` symbolyzing dominion and dictatorship , the Emperor is the sky god , the boss , the patriarch using the intellect to accomplish his goals and force to carry out his demands . He represents the dangers of unrestrained power and private ownership
 I was just in a used book store and picked up a copy of this deck . Loved the fact that it was round , I have several round decks and enjoy working with them . Then I got home and went through the artwork ... it is VERY much a feminist deck . The artwork is really nothing to write home about , it 's nice but nothing like say The Tarot of Dreams , of the Alchemical Tarot , but it does have a few nice ideas . My favorite part is the little explanation card that says that it includes two lovers cards for those of different sexual persuasions . Of course the two cards are a M/F and a F/F . Now I 'm a gay male and take no offence at most cards being M/F in the decks I have . I understand the balance the card has like that , but for this deck to kind pride itself on being all about mulit-cultural and happy joy lets all get along . . yea . . if you happen to be a woman . NONE of the court cards feature males on them so I guess that means that only women will be left in this world . I was so offended by this deck I actually tossed it out in the trash . I 'm glad I did n't pay more then $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to find out that there are still feminist gay women out there that ca n't even acknowledge a man let alone a fellow gay who is a man . Think about that when you want a deck , do you really want that kind of energy in a deck you read with ? If you do great , all I 'm saying is give the natural balance of yin AND yang a thought .
 There 's nothing like a poorly written biography to make even the most important of people seem totally useless . The best example of Eleanor 's work that the author gives is that she `` could shake a hundred hands in a receiving line '' and that she `` gave more teas ... than any other First Lady '' -LRB- 3-4 -RRB- . The first two chapters , set before Eleanor was even born , belong in some trashy Victorian romance novel , and some of the most important characters in her life are either given only a passing mention or left out entirely . Direct quotes have no citations . At best flat and uninteresting drivel and at worst offensive , sexist and tacky , this book seems to perpetuate gender stereotypes that Eleanor fought against . Eleanor herself seems highly fictionalized here
 While the language is n't boring the the ideas are great in Youngs second edition of this biography , I am not happy at all that my students have been assigned this book to read in a linked course . I teach a study and learning skills course linked to an American history course at a university in the USA and this biography must be read by the students . With all the time spent in the colleges and universities and now in the media about how historians need to cite their sources , this biography is a sad and sorry example . Nothing is cited , even the direct quotes have no citations ! Yes , Youngs does discuss his sources at the end of the book but that is not the same as giving credit to the sources where he drew his quotations and facts from . The publisher , Longman , should be ashamed for allowing such poorly cited scholarship to be printed for used in either courses or the general public . I would have given this 1 star but the writing is engaging .
 I 've been a fan of Anfernee Hardaway since his days at Memphis State . IMHO , he is the among the best players in the game today , allbeeit , he has been plagued by injury lately . This book is NOT about Hardaway . It 's about some puppet that these Nike guys MADE UP . I do n't think Penny had anything to do with it . It 's all about selling sneakers . I think Penny should not wear Nikes anyway . My last pair fell apart after like two weeks . Maybe I do n't have a sense of humor , but I did n't get this book AT ALL .
 This could have been an excellent book , if the author trimmed down the fat a little bit . A lot of melodramatic writing , with lots of unnecessary stuff . The book is written more like a folklore rather than an ultimate reference book . If you are shopping for a serious parenting book , look elsewhere.author writes `` There 's no job description for the job of parent . '' Exactly that is the point , we are intuitive parents , what we need is a little correction here and there . Rather than taking parenting as an inherent nature of every animal parent , author writes it like something arrived on earth from an alien planet . The book can be good but only after serious revisions .
 Despite its claim to offer the latest news regarding antidepressants , this book basically is compilation of already published information . It barely mentions the newer classes of drugs -LRB- post SSRIs
 These medications should not be `` chosen '' by the patient . Considering the side effects and withdrawal symptoms associated with all of these medications , they should not be `` chosen '' at all . This book is very misleading and could be very dangerous to the general public . These medications do have their place in society , but only at the discretion of a fully-informed psychiatrist along with his full testing and evaluation of the patient .
 This book is deficient in providing information regarding the well documented and real risks in SSRI antidepressants . It seems little more than a restating of drug company propaganda . It does not adequately discusss the risks of akasthesia , tardive dyskinesia , risk of suicidality , sexual dysfunction , neurotoxicity , and other numerous side effects . The public is ill served by further reassurance that these toxic agents are safe and effective . The book is also deficient in discussing safe , effective alternatives to SSRIS such as St John 's Wort , SAM-e , Omega 3 oils , dietary and lifestyle changes , psychotherapy , and spiritual work.Ronald Feintech , Ph.D. .
 This book is very repetitive . It presents interesting cases that become boring when explored over and over again . If your spouse turns out to be homosexual , a support group would be much more helpful than this book .
 This book was helpful , but the Author is ` teaching ' junk science , so I am only giving it two stars.The fact is that there is NO Gay Gene , and Greever has swallowed a lot of politcal disinformation spread by PFLAG and teaching it to women who are buying into misinformation about genetic structures as a way to salve their own conscious or as a way to fend off outsiders who tell them iit is their fault that their husband is ` now ' gay.The fact is that it is n't their fault at all , so why accept ` junk ' science as a way of coping . Would they ` modify ' their eating behavior and change their diet 's if their DNA included predispositions to cancer or diabetes ? Of course they would , or most people would try to modify their dietary behavior if they had family who had those medical conditions.Greever does n't seem to be able to make the leap that DNA can show predispositions to a disease , and therefore can be modified . Gay is no different from other predispositions to any disease . Why is she even accepting PFLAGs assertion that Gay can not be modified , when other genes can be modified ? She has accepted their politicaal agenda without even looking at the entire science behind DNA.Frankly , the Gay Gene is a myth , and scientists agree that the DNA structure can not be ` replicated ' , ergo there is no gay gene.Fact
 It can only be a good thing that this book provides positive support for women who suddenly find themselves in a marriage that is not what they thought . After all , spousal compatability is the most important aspect of a lasting marriage . It does seem remarkable to me , though , that in 30 years of `` mostly happy '' marriage , the author never realised her husband was gay . Surely the marriage 's general long-term happiness should have the author questioning her own status , vis-a-vis the whole gay issue ? Different personality types and their relative compatibility are usually issues that are sorted out in the pre-marriage courting stage , or at least in the early stages of marriage . For it to take 30 `` mostly happy '' years for the author to realise her objections to her husband 's gaiety indicates the likelihood that she had actually changed over time . It 's natural for some people to become more melancholic and morose as they get older , but it seems a bit unreasonable to be taking it out on your spouse !
 As much as I understand the predicament of what this woman and other partners in the book went through including the pain , the anger , the resentment and hopefully for most the reconciling , I wish these same people could see through their own pain and witness the pain in others . Of course , no one would wish any of these `` gay spouse '' scenarios on any person whether they be female or male but I think some more soul searching by the injured party is what is called for here.There is an element of some of the spouses wanting to educate and make gains for the acceptance of gay people having understood that maybe their other halves did n't have a choice but really little is given over to the fact that these spouses are the same people who had put their partners in such a predicament in the first place.Much is made of the obvious pain , anger , hurt and initial or prolonged resentment that these spouses have gone through but honestly , there is no presentment of why the other spouse felt driven to behave in the way they did in the first place . It is these same partners who , by fully supporting the established status quo on sexuality , whether that be a religious or civic stance that led to their partner 's need to repress their NATURAL proclivities in the first place.I totally empathize with any person who has been rejected or felt slighted by their partner 's sexual transgressions especially in marriage where each partner takes an oath to be true to each other . However , we are all human and that state comes with its complexities , its weaknesses and its strengths and for anyone to believe that any human condition or relationship can be so simply discussed in black or white terms is either a simpleton or a bigot.I fully endorse the idea that the pain and understanding of these issues can be shared and somewhat diluted in order to regain some sort of personal equilibrium for the perceived pained partner . Yet there is little understanding of the pain the seemingly offending partner has had to live with through the relationship . Only a sociopath could live guilty and pain free in this type of partnership . The gay spouses of these examples have gone through a lifetime of pain , guilt , shame and ultimately social and self scarring and self approbation that only now their partners are experiencing.I have yet to meet a gay person who willingly inflicted emotional and physical pain on a partner in a straight relationship especially those born between the 40 's and 60 's whose only recourse to social acceptance was to marry and hopefully the one 's that I have n't met but who have done this willingly they are incarcerated as they should be . These gay spouses have gone through years of personal turmoil reeling in the pain of trying to understand themselves while trying to conform to their peers ' and society 's role for them.Yet within this book there are still the examples of partner 's who ca n't empathize with their spouse 's predicament whose only resort is `` why me '' or '' it is n't right '' . Yes , it must be very painful to learn that the person you thought you had agreed a lifetime 's commitment too has done you wrong , well think about the poor person whose whole lifetime 's experience has been that not only you but the whole world has done them wrong . You , the person they had come to -LRB- been driven to -RRB- love were still the same person , who because of their own niaivety or dogma was imprisoning them in this partnership.Yes , that is a complex paragraph to understand but it is simple arithmetic to the people who for a lifetime have had to manoeuvre through the tenets and morals of a society that has not been willing to understand them and certainly not accept them.For the so called Christians that still ca n't accept the sexual predicament of their partners while witnessing the pain and guilt their partners must have wrestled with on a daily basis I say you got what you deserved . Until the bigots , the self righteous and above all , the Godless -LRB- yes , that is what bigoted religious people are -RRB- come to terms with the fact that the human condition has no set rules nor can be imprisoned by any man-made religious tenets and is , in its complexity an affirmation of the Divine , then may you suffer the pain and sorrows of your own making.I wish no pain on any living thing but this book is merely an exercise in one person trying to extinguish the fire of their own pain by continually pouring the gasoline of bigotry and retribution on others .
 I ca n't agree with the preceding review . We must have read two different books . I read Pscal at fourteen and I found nothing funny in it . All I found was a hardly decent , terribly slow story , told in the usual boring language so dear to Italian novelists -LRB- I read it in Italian , by the way ... Maybe the translator did Pirandello a great service , who knows ? -RRB- . It is a book that lacks life entirely . Although the story is plausible , there is no oxigen in it . Besides , it repeats pirandello 's themes over and over again . OK , we know , according to him it is impossible for a man to know himself and not to have less than ten personalities at a time . We have heard this song over and over again ! I mean , Pirandello dissected the same bloody theme for at least a thousands times . Why the hell could n't he explore other themes and dilemmas as well ? That is the chief problem with Italian literature
 I just finished listening to the unabridged cd version of this book . I do have to say I was very disappointed . From the beginning and through out the book it seemed the author had it out for James Madison . He definitely laid on the negative more then the positive of this founding father 's life . I understand to get a balanced view the bad comes with the good , but this was n't even close to balanced . IMHO this was written with a bias . I recommend passing on this book . And in my opinion this questions this author 's credibility for his other work . I know I wo n't purchase any of his other books . Such a shame .
 Why in a book about Madison does the author feel the need to bring up the Vietnam War?Why in a book about Madison does the author feel the need to bring up how wonderful FDR was?Why in a book about Madison does the author feel the need to bash Republicans on every page while the Federalist come off as Saints descended from heaven.Can you possibly guess what political affiliations this author belongs too ??? I was jarring on every page to have this idiot pontificating on things that have NOTHING TO DO WITH MADISON !!!!
 After reading this book I came away with more information about Madison than I expected , which is a good thing . With that being said , however , I felt as I was reading that the author was not only pointing out some of the failures that Madison had -LRB- which were numerous -RRB- , but also took the opportunity to bash Jefferson as well . It is interesting to see the author praise Madison for his early work -LRB- when he was more of a federalist -RRB- and then criticize him for nearly everything after he started thinking more like a republican . I do n't think the author had to be so critical of Madison to get the point across that Madison was a much better legislature than an executor .
 This is the first book I read on Madison . I gained a knowledge about the events surrounding his presidency , but missed out on how he was personally operating within these events at times . For example , the author briefly mentions that Madison was close to death from an illness during his 2nd term , but beyond a paragraph , there was nothing about this . Also , next to nothing about his wife Dolly , who I think everyone has heard of at some point , and the prominent role she must have played.The book read like a textbook from school , and lacked life . I lack appreciation of Madison as a person or as a president after reading this book , and I am planning next on reading Jack Rakove 's biography on Madison to make up for it.It also seems that the author needed to emphasize the negative aspects of his presidency to the exclusion of anything he did positively . After all , we won the war of 1812 , and he was voted in a 2nd term . Madison is seen working in concert with Jefferson to manipulate public opinion , manipulate the constitution , and manipulate congress to see his rigid , impractical ideals through . That all may be true , but I want to see more emphasis on his good qualities , and what he did right , because there must have been something more of this than was shown in the book .
 I 'll admit I could n't stomach finishing this book . I greatly admire Jefferson , and Wills ' narrative gives such cursory treatment of Jefferson and Madison 's motivations in the context of the events of the day , that it hardly comes across as impartial . Denouncing Jefferson and Madison 's principled and active stand against the Alien and Sedition Act , and jumping to a 21st century perspective to offer a defense of the Act - really ! And to say that Jefferson and Madison were obsessed with attacking Hamilton , while Hamilton was indifferent or friendly to them ? Even a little reading of history would throw that claim into doubt .
 I found this book of no use whatsoever , a complete waste of money . As another reviewer noted , the screen shots are terrible . They really are . You 're supposed to be able to use the information in them , too . It 's supposed to be relevant.Also , half the book talks about using Office XML from Windows in your Flash . If you need to show a Word or Excel document in Flash , for some strange reason , great . This might be the book for you . But for the other 99 % of what you use XML for in Flash , it 's largely useless.The stuff you would use XML for in Flash , this book really does n't help you with . It does n't show you how to build helpful , object-oriented code libraries to make your work easier , for instance . It just shows you how difficult it is to process XML . Anything shown that might be helpful stops before it gets to the point of doing something , just leaving you with some trace output . Oh boy.I definitely do n't recommend this book . Friends of Ed and Apress books are usually of poor quality anyway , but this takes the cake . A complete waste of money .
 I had to purchase this book for a class I 'm taking , and now it 's 8 weeks into the semester , and I seriously got nothing at all from this . I 'm having better luck looking for tutorials than reading this worthless book . Pictures are horrible , chapters drag on forever , and it 's just plain not worth the 40 bucks i lost for this . Find a different book if you 're just learning xml and flash , worst purchase in my college years !
 I just purchased XML for Flash and am disappointed in the quality of screen captures and editing in the book . The second sentence in chapter one has an editing error , `` How can you store your data so that is simple to use but also adheres to web standards ? '' The screen captures are frequently illegible and practically worthless . I wo n't purchase another freindofed book until they develop a quality product .
 Mainstream U.S. publishers continue to cater to the American appetite for exotic stereotypes of Asian America , invariably penned by recent Asian immigrants who are too unaware of the history of Asian American marginalization to realize they are being exploited . In this book , Asian culture is problematized as strange and foreign . Asian American health education differs very little from that of the general U.S. population , but to the extent that it does , the real issue is overcoming the barriers of language and poverty to serve isolated immigrant communities . But Costa 's concern is with selling quaint stereotypes and myths , not with the welfare of the community .
 This book does a good job of outlining President Hayes life but it falls short in other areas . It does not give a sense of the country and how Hayes affected it . It suffers from being far too brief and does not even hit all of the highlights in his life . For those who want to get a sense of the president that is about all this can be used for . If you are looking for something that gives you information on the corrupt bargain or the start of the Gilded Age this book falls short .
 Much of this book was not legible . A poor reproduction . I 've since re ordered and received the same title by a different publisher and it is a far superior product .
 Apparently , there 's been no improvement in the quality since 2007 . This has to be the worst reproduction of a book I 've ever seen . Half the photos are just dark ink blotches and many of the text pages are overlaid with black vertical lines . Save yourself some grief and choose another publisher for this book . This version should be removed from Amazon 's offerings .
 I expected this book to be more about the Osage people and not so much about the white settlers of Pawhuska , OK .
 The review below written by Cheanne Chellis is a joke . She wants us to believe that she got all sorts of great information from this book , but the fact is she is Len McDougalls business partner .
 THis is not good bookin fact i have better books abotu freehandso i recommend not to buy this book
 Well , I was looking for a book to help me out with Freehand 9 , not to mention how to incorporate it with Flash . This was not the best of books . No offense , if you 're a print person , then this will be a good book to have . If you work on web and multimedia , then this book is not what you 're looking for . It 's well written , but not much help to what I was looking for .
 Did Macromedia really authorize this book ? Why would they want a book that so poorly shows off all the amazing things that Freehand can do?What really clogs my pipe is that the new features in Freehand 9 like enveloping and flash are barely mentioned . I figure the author wrote this for Freehand 8 , and did n't feel like doing any work to cover the new features of Freehand 9 . I agree with another reviewers comment that the quickstart book is much much much more complete .
 This uninspired book left me floundering around looking for something worth remembering or retaining . Fortunately , I also picked up a copy of the Visual Quickkstart book on Freehand , which is an excellent book . Avoid this thing like the plague
 Poorly researched and written . Sources are poor , and in all , a dismal book .
 Sorry to say this book does not live up to the hype ; nor the other reviews that praise it so much . It is only so-so . It is n't much of a thriller , about a third of the way through you have a pretty good idea of who the bad-guys are and can guess where the plot will lead . After two hundred pages your just on automatic , reading to get to the end you already know
 I agree with the Publishers Weekly review
 I read the book after having seen the movie . A book is supposed to give more of an insight into characters and the storyline than the movie can convey , but if a book is based on a movie -LRB- not the other way around -RRB- I would expect to see some consistency . I have to note one major mistake in the storyline from the book
 Reviewing children 's books originally published in foreign countries is a somewhat complicated process . You 've the obvious cultural differences , of course . Then there 's the translation . How much fault or praise do you heap upon the person who has the unenviable job of transferring an author 's vision from one language to another ? Finally , there 's the book itself . After all the work that 's gone into it , and after all the time and effort to bring it to the American market , was it worth it in the end ? By and large I am very positive on getting more foreign-language overseas literary hits translated and into our American bookstores and libraries . In this year alone we 've seen amazing titles like , Guus Kuijer 's , `` The Book of Everything '' , and Sjoerd Kuyper 's , `` The Swan 's Child '' . Now we 've a book from Lebanese born French citizen -LRB- and one-namer -RRB- Kochka entitled , `` The Boy Who Ate Stars '' . It 's a book with a rather interesting premise , but I 'm afraid that something somewhere went awry . Whether it was the writing itself or the translation , Kochka 's book shows a great deal of promise . Here 's hoping perhaps some of her future books will succeed where this one failed.Twelve-year-old Lucy and her family have just moved into a new apartment . At first , Lucy decides to take on the enormous challenge of meeting and befriending everyone in her new apartment building . Then she meets the residents directly above her and immediately her plans change . One night the apartment above her own is privy to some incredibly loud noises . Lucy 's father charges up the stairs to yell at the residents , then comes back down subdued . It seems that their upstairs neighbors are a single librarian mom , a Russian nanny , and a boy named Matthew . Matthew is autistic , and curious Lucy is unable to get a suitable definition of `` autism '' out of anyone she knows . As a result , Lucy turns Matthew into a kind of project . She will help him to connect with people outside of himself . At the same time , she 's also trying to teach a lapdog named Francois , who belongs to a couple friends of her parents , to break out of his comfortable , obedient shell . Matthew 's story and the story of Francois are paralleled against one another , showing the progress and breakthroughs of both boy and dog together.Now , we have two different authors at work here . The original writer , Kochka , and translator , Sarah Adams . Putting the rest of the book entirely aside , I kept finding myself wondering how closely Adams was adhering to the original text . Some of the more awkward sentences may be direct translations . For example , there are a couple phrases along the lines of , `` Secretly , I was going to take that dog under my wing so he could learn to fly '' . Other times , though , the translation does n't seem to quite fit , as when Lucy says that , `` I pretended butter would n't melt in my mouth '' . More at fault are the moments when odd America slang pops up unexpectedly . When Lucy discovers later in the story that she 'll get to keep Francois while his owners are out of town she erupts with the word , `` Wicked ! '' . Aside from the fact that even in America this word is n't exactly universal , it does n't fit with the rest of the France-based book . Altogether , some of the writing feels like it has a herky-jerky start-and-stop feel to it . There 's no way of telling if that 's the work of Adams or Kochka , though . And after reading through the book carefully , I think the blame rests with Kochka.A translator can only give you what already exists . So if the narrative itself is uneven , it 's not their fault . In this book , the story often jumps from scene to scene and place to place without much cohesive connection . `` We ran into Matthew who was taking a cookie for a walk . It was raining . We were amazed , firstly because it was the kind of weather for staying indoors , and secondly because Matthew was treating the cookie like a king . Under the damp song of the sky , sheltered by an arbor , Marie told us a story . That night Theo could n't sleep '' . Three distinct events but there is n't any comfortable transition between them . Add into the odd `` damp song of the sky '' , which comes entirely out of the blue and the book makes for a more difficult read than it really had to be.I do n't know much about autism myself , so I ca n't say whether or not Kochka 's Matthew is a good or a poor example of the condition . For all I know , Matthew is a perfectly rendered autistic . However , that did n't keep me from becoming particularly uncomfortable when Kochka would equate Matthew with various animalia . Sometimes parallels would be drawn between a boy that Lucy sees as comfortably wild , and a dog that needs to learn how to be free . Says Lucy , `` Of course , Matthew would make the perfect trainer to help Francois find his animal instincts again ! '' . Later when he 's stroking her hair she says , `` Instead of letting me stroke him , this special cat was stroking me '' . Further on Lucy writes a definition of the boy . `` Matthew
 This book reminds me of Stephen Stills ' classic , `` Dark Star . '' In fact , it is more like a black hole , that is a hypothetical void allowing no light to penetrate as a result of a collapsing star.Lucy , 12 is determined to get to know every one of her neighbors on her block . She decides to work her way up from the ground floor , literally . When Lucy meets single mother Marie , her son Matthew , 4 and Matthew 's helper , Maougo , she is determined to get to know Matthew better . Matthew has autism.Marie explains autism as best she can ; Matthew likes to spin himself as well as discrete objects ; he had difficulty in pronoun usage ; his verbalizations are sporadic and he quotes what he hears from television . He is bound to routine and insists on listening to his favorite tape each night . Maougo appears to have rapport with Matthew and lets him play with her hair , which seems to be one of his favorite activities . Upon meeting Lucy , Matthew plays with her hair.I did n't like the way Bettelheim was quoted , calling autistics `` empty fortresses '' who are `` trapped within their own walls '' and do n't communicate which simply is n't true . Bettelheim was not a real psychoanalyst , as the author claims he was in this book . The definition Lucy 's seemingly impersonal parents give her for autism is also unsatisfactory as is the dictionary definition she finds , which said autism is a `` pathological withdrawal into an interior world resulting in a loss of contact with reality and an inability to communicate with others . '' That is not true.Autism is a neurobiological condition that is NOT caused by one 's parents , as Bettelheim claimed and is NOT an inability to communicate . Marie was a good mother to her son . It is true that autism affects communication , but it is a condition that primarily affects sensory processing and integration . That in turn affects communication.I would have thought that by this day and age such misperceptions about autism would have long been disabused and permanently put to rest .
 The text of this book is okay , but the illustrations are very creepy . Each aspect of the body is illustrated on the body of the girl telling the story . It is very odd looking .
 After reading Patricia White 's `` Uninvited '' -LRB- which focuses on the effect of Production-era cinema on the formation of contemporary lesbian identities -RRB- , Clare Whatling 's `` Screen Dreams '' seemed a natural evolution in my reading . Ms. Whatling 's ostensible topic is how conteomporary lesbians appropriate modern cinema as subjects of fantasy and desire . Rather than being acted upon , as White 's work posits , Ms. Whatling contends that the lesbian viewer acts as much as she is acted upon . This intriguing and potentially powerful argument -LRB- which owes much to queer theory -RRB- , however , is lost amid Ms. Whatling 's overeagerness to show that she has the intellectual and academic credentials to make her case . `` Screen Dreams '' reads like an anxious Ph.d candidate 's thesis , full of disavowels -LRB- such as her repeated assertion that she is only speaking for herself -RRB- and rudimentary summarizations of * other * people 's work . In fact , I -LRB- not an academic by any means -RRB- had actually read most of Ms. Whatling 's sources , so much of this already-slender volume offered nothing new . Ms. Whatling makes a powerful supposition -LRB- one with which I am inclined to agree -RRB- , I simply regret that her writing was unable to live up to her subject 's promise .
 Mr. Kellerman wants the reader to believe that psychologists play a major role as medical providers . In his book , Dr. Carrier , a psychologist goes on medical roundswith physicians , is a consultant on the tumor board , is paged by the hospital for emergencies , is in a romance with a physician , and is seemingly requested by every surgeon for preop consults . Poppycock !! These roles describe physicians . A psychologist is not a medical provider . Most psychology degrees are liberal arts degrees not science . I believe Mr. Kellerman has delusions of grandeur regarding the field of psychology . His patientz deserve medical care-not someone to hold their hand and tell them they 'll get better.There are many glaring medical errors in this book . The physician Angela recalls how she almost killed someone . She says that she almost injected a dose of insulin that was off by 100 units . It is common knowledge an insulin syringe holds up to 100 units . How could the dose be off by 100 ? What ? She was supposed to give 30 units ? And , almost gave 300 in a syringe that only holds up to 100 units . This explains why psychologists should n't write medical thrillers-they have have little to no medical knowledge . And , btw physicians rarely draw up or administer shots of insulin most patients are trained to do it themselves . There are other numerous errors . He should get somebody with a medical background to proof-read . He is just so annoying and irritating . I read and finish everything so I groaned when I realized I had picked up another one of his stupid books about the importance of psychologists in medicsl care . I hope if a medical crisis ever happens he has enough sense to csll a physician !
 Audio Book review - It was n't the worst book , but it was very long and droning . However , it was only 5 CDs long , and that is a rather quick read . Something about the narrator or maybe the lack of a gripping plot , made it feel much much longer . In the end it became oddly confusing and I kept trying to remember who all these characters are and what their relations were to one another . Only because it was so long and so full of holes and twists , it became almost boring and hard to pay attention to . However , I can see that Kellerman may be a good writer of other books , so I will give him a chance and pick up another audio boook . It was a good enough book that I kept listening to it . However , I kept listening hoping that something would happen and that all of this time would have a pay off . I was wrong .
 I am a fan of Jonathan Kellerman 's other books -LRB- 3-5 stars , the lot -RRB- , but this book would get 0 if it was an option . The underlying plot makes no sense - a club of do-gooders who somehow identifies a serial killer -LRB- it is never explained how -RRB- , but instead of doing the obvious they guide our hero to solve it - whilst the killer is carrying on killing other victims ! Almost needless to say , when our hero eventually does identify the killer , he decides to take matters into his own hands -LRB- a poorly motivated distrust of the police is to blame -RRB- and gets saved in a typical Kellerman last minute shoot-out -LRB- my only serious issue with the Alex Delaware series ... -RRB- Turns out his mistrust of the cops was misplaced - they end up saving his life.Altogether a poor read - slow paced and a plot that is utterly devoid of logic .
 This was perhaps the absolute worse Jonathan Kellerman going!I have read at least two-thirds of his novels most of which are quite pleasing and entertaining , some more wierd than others ... Not good at all ! Really!At any rate , I agree completely -LRB- as does my wife -RRB- , who feels as did a recent reviewer ; it would be incredibly fantastic to find that this novel was not something from his distant past , that was now thrown in for a quick hit ... It was formal , unlike any other of his novels , truly BORING X 10 , and we barely got through it on a relaxing summer vacation.Both of us felt it was just terrible at best ! Rent it on audio book at the library , that way you can stand the horribly slow plot culminating in a relatively exciting -LRB- much needed -RRB- ending ...
 I was a big fan of Jonathan Kellerman , that was until this book ! A see-through plot and `` the Club '' was just bizarre to say the least.Hopefully the next book I read by Kellerman -LRB- if I read one again -RRB- will be better as this was a waste of my time !
 I certainly would not recommend this book to anyone as a first Kellerman 's novel.There are too many medical jargons and terms as if Kellerman is trying to show off his medical knowledge . There are just too many unnecessary references to either the rarer or more serious and feared disorders unrelated to the story and thus causing a lot of side tracking which to me is a pure waste of time reading and boring to readers especially those with medical knowledge . It took me a long long time to finish this novel and thought of discarding it numerous times even when I was more than half way through the novel ! This is especially so after having read the very exciting Robert Crais 's `` Demolition Angel '' followed by Lee Child 's `` One Shot '' . The story in this book are also full of loop holes and I can not buy the idea of a Conspiracy Club using Jeremy to get to the killer and allowing more murders to take place while he was stressfully doing so.However , I must admit that I did enjoy reading a couple of Kellerman 's other novels `` Murder Book '' & `` When the Bough Breaks '' quite some time ago .
 I just listened through an unabridged recording of the book.The blurbs should have warned me , '' ... re-invigorates a number of tried-and-true mystery conventions ... '' '' ... Bob Kahn 's reading adds suspense to Kellerman 's less than original plot ... '' '' ... adds complexity to flat characters ... `` Tried-and-true-and-friggin-predictable-and-boring plot and real flat characters indeed!I know mystery storytelling dates back hundreds , if not thousands , of years and basically every writer retells one of a few storylines in his own way . I have generally liked Kellerman 's previous books from the Delaware series . But this one just went on and on without any building up of that tingling under your skin that you expect from a good serial killer thriller . When Kellerman finally decides to cut to the chase -LRB- on CD # 8 out of 8 -RRB- , the end is a total anticlimax . I do n't mind anti-climactic endings - I just saw and liked `` The Constant Gardner '' - but the previous seven CDs seemed to building up to an all-out nuclear warfare , and I did n't know when it was time to wake up and hear the fat lady sing.The book does no credit to Kellerman 's excellent reputation . Where he tries to add emotional depth to an otherwise tepid story , the dialogue and the little soul-stirring twists fall flat . I mean , come on ! Stick to your knitting -LRB- or whittling or wordsmithy , whatever -RRB- , man .
 I did n't enjoy this book much - we spend too much time `` in the narrator 's head '' , with long drawn-out , repetitive thought processes . The plot was disappointingly predictable , and the tension between the main characters , the detective and Jeremy , was sadly lacking . Kellerman can do much better . .
 I usually enjoy the Kellerman books but this is not his best work . Major medical mistakes - Percocet is not an injectable drug , for example ! should have been screened . The characters are uninvolving , and the ending a big letdown after all the work to develop characters .
 I adore Jonathan Kellerman and never thought I 'd dislike anything he wrote but this book was so disappointing . I always want Alex Delaware but I recognize that authors get different voices in their heads and , on that basis , I did struggle through the Billy Straight book , knowing that Alex would not be far behind . I found this story to be totally unrealistic and I know Kellerman can do better . What truly concerns me , though , is that he revealed only bits and pieces of Jeremy 's history , which makes me think that this character will be back . NOOOOO!The story sets up well but , in my opinion , goes downhill from there . Jeremy is a suspect in a variety of killings , all the while continuing his practice and no one at the hospital seems aware of the suspicion . He becomes erratic in his behavior and obsessed with his private investigation and no one is the wiser . Meanwhile , he seems to possess superhuman powers with patients.I must say that this book reminded me very much of Chasing the Dime by Michael Connelly . No , there are no similarities in the stories but both , in my opinion , are beneath the authors ' amazing abilities .
 When I saw Kellerman had a new book coming out , I signed up for it at the library without knowing what it was about , just assuming it was another Alex Deleware book . When I picked it up , I was disappointed that it was n't , but still optimistic , since I love Kellerman 's books . This book is a disappointment . I was well over 100 pages in , and still was not `` into '' the story . The main character , Jeremy , did not draw me in like Alex did in the other books . I did n't feel a connection with Jeremy , and did n't find myself rooting for him , like I do for Alex and Milo . The story is very slow moving , no driving suspense like the Deleware books . I finished the book because I was `` curious '' about how it would end , not because I had a driving need like I do with really good mysteries . I hope Kellerman sticks with the Deleware series , it 's a much better read in my opinion .
 The main characters were all people , if I met them in actual life , I would do my best to avoid if I had a choice -- either boring or worse . When Jeremy first observed the elegant dining club located in the strangely abandoned warehouse district , I thought I was in some King/horror clone . The story just never got moving , either in plot or character development.Maybe Jonathan needs some advise from his wife Faye .
 Look , if you want to read a good mystery , stick to Kellerman 's early work . `` Butcher 's Theater '' is dynamite . This one is pretty darned close to a remake -LRB- at least in terms of the villian 's MO -RRB- , but nowhere as imaginative or intriguing . It 's time for Kellerman to retire his word processor .
 I am a huge Jonathan Kellerman fan - have read everything but this new book is just incredibly boring . The language is very self indulgent and where plot shoud be , there are just endless descriptions of people or events that do n't really relate to the story . The only thing worse is the reader of the audio - flat , dull , the story may be putting him to sleep and his `` female '' character voice is just terrible . I was also offended by the need to use stereo type descriptions of Asian characters in the book . Very unusual and I 'm so disappointed .
 How lame is the plot of THE CONSPIRACY CLUB ? So lame that even Kellerman realizes it . Because he takes this `` plot '' , with the same red herrings , twists , and `` the old switcheroo on who the real killer is '' , and recycled it into half of his next Petra Connor series entry , TWISTED .
 I 'm a big fan of Jonathan Kellerman and have read all of his books . The plot of this one is a bit too familiar . Psychologist help police solve brutal killings . And there 's even a Robin-esque woman by this side , but not too involved in the murderish goings on.I hope he brings back Milo and Alex -- why try to remake the original characters , when they are already done so well .
 I suppose not liking this book is my fault . I was expecting another Alex Delaware and did n't realize this was a `` stand alone '' type of novel . Maybe I did n't give this one a chance , but I do n't think Conspiracy Club comes even close in character development to the Delaware series . I would n't recommend your purchasing this one but borrowing from your public library . The story line is n't even that imaginative nor able to captivate and hold your attention for the length of the book .
 Is this reall written by Kellerman ?? Why do authors DO this ; abandon a character that the public likes ... see Patricia Cornwell 's HORRIBLE Isle of Dogs when she dropped Kay Scarpetta ... where are Alex Delaware and Milo Sturgis ?? One reviewer referrred to them as `` stale '' ??? Not to me ; I want more . I 'm glad I checked this out at the library instead of wasting my money . I hope he or his staff reads these reviews , This character is weak and the whole story is simply NOT what I was expecting . Mr. Kellerman please bring back Dr. Delaware !!!!!
 I used to read Jonathan Kellerman 's books pretty regularly , but stopped buying them as they came out -- more because of budgetary restrictions than anything else . They were always pretty good , but not good enough to make me keep up with them when money was tight . That being said , I 've had two of his books on my bookshelves for quite awhile and thought it was time I got around to reading one of them.The Conspiracy Club is a stand-alone novel from Bellman , who departs from his Alex Delaware series to introduce Jeremy Carrier . Jeremy is a psychologist who is half-heartedly getting back on his feet following the recent murder of his girlfriend . The police have never identified her killer and have not ruled him out as a suspect . When other women start to disappear as well , Jeremy finds himself under additional scrutiny by the detective in charge of his girlfriend 's case . While this is going on , Jeremy receives an invitation to dine with an exclusive group of individuals who he discovers have each experienced a similar unresolved loss in their past and who have an intense interest in the nature of evil.The Conspiracy Club was a decent book , but nothing special . The story takes a while to become engaging and Kellerman 's attempt to shake things up with a little twist at the end left me inimpressed and ready to move on to the next book on the shelf .
 I was disappointed in this book . It was not up to the usual standards of Kellerman 's work ... . no flow for me . I have been an Alex Delaware fan since he first started years ago ... this is the first book of Kellerman 's that left me cold . Hope this is n't a trend .
 I am a huge Kellerman fan ; own all of his books and love them all including Billy Straight and The Butcher 's theater ; both non-Delaware books . This one is just plain a miss . The characters never strike a note , the book is made up of 50 some chapters often 1 or 2 pages long , seemingly inflating a short story to a 280 page novel ; a trend I think started by Mr. Patterson , and one I despise . 25 bucks for a 280 page book that is actually about 220 ? And the ending ; I for one hate books that introduce the murderer 4/5 ` ths of the way thru . Pass this one ; if you do n't have all of the other Kellerman books , treat yourself and pick up one or two that are already published .
 I , too , have been very into the Alex Delaware novels and was so excited about this one coming out . I was also disappointed when I found out it had a new main character -LRB- after I checked the book out -RRB- , but was willing to give it a fair chance . I had to fight to stay awake almost 100 pages into this book , as it went nowhere ! Arthur Chess is such a pointless character and the conversations they have are as boring as a forced lecture in college . Bottom line , if you have not read the previous books with Alex in them , go back a few in the series and read those . Save yourself the time on this one !
 I am a big fan of Kellerman and have listened to most of the Alex Delaware novels , but I stopped listening after completing the second CD -LRB- out of 8 -RRB- in this set . I found the medical jargon depressing , overdone , and totally irrelevent to the puzzle -LRB- which I assume was discovering the identity of the serial killer -RRB- . Also , I did n't think the characters were particularly likeable . I wo n't stop listening to the Alex Delaware stories read by the terrific John Rubenstein , but I wish I 'd passed on this book . The story was weak and the reader -LRB- Rob Kahn -RRB- was even weaker . Maybe listening to the edition read by David Birney would have been better .
 Kellerman has lost it ! Years ago , when I first discovered his books , I could not put them down . Now I read them through our local book club as punishment . He has become blas&eacute; , predictable , self-involved and should be put out to pasture . I sometimes wonder if he has a secretary who fills in the gaps once he has decided on the storyline . Never again , not even for our book club .
 I am an avid reader and huge Johathan Kellerman fan . I have read many of his books and was excited to read his latest novel . This is the first time in years I actually stopped reading a book in the middle out of interminable boredom . This book is extremely slow moving . Too much description and not enough action . It was as if someone else wrote the novel under Jonathan Kellerman 's name . The language seemed forced , bombastic , and esoteric . What a huge dissapointment . The only recommendation I would give for this book is to ask for your money back .
 I have read every one of Kellerman 's books and also have multiple degrees in English . So why am I running to the dictionary every 3 pages ? Scrofulous ? Remora ? Come on ... It detracts from the storyline and is pretentious . Give me Alex Delaware and easy reading anytime .
 Conspiracy Club is either Kellerman 's first manuscript -LRB- which may be correct given the type of clinical practice of the main character - comparable to Dr. Kellerman 's early years in psychology -RRB- , or a more recent manuscript written in a week . Overall , it is much more comparable to the Billy Straight novels than the usual enjoyable Delaware fare . From the perspective of a practicing psychologist , Dr. Carrier is no Alex Delaware - and is n't much of a psychologist either . He has at least as much psychopathology as any other character in the book ; and that 's not entertaining . Other characters are inadequately developed , the plot is convoluted , and the rush to conclusion is too improbable to believe - even when attempting to suspend reality for the sake of entertainment . Kellerman has done a lot for mystery readers and for psychologists ; Let 's hope that he bounces back again and produces another carefully thought out psychological mystery . Kellerman can be a good producer of interesting and intricate characters and story lines ; we want and expect better than this . This one will be on my bookshelf , but only to complete the Kellerman work product .
 I hoped that with a new protagonist , Jonathan Kellerman would once again come through with a goodd read , but I found this as bad as most of his recent Alex Delaware novels have been . There is no comparison between the early Alex Delaware novels . The Butcher 's Theater -LRB- the best -RRB- and his recent books . Maybe he shoult take a rest .
 As tired as I 've gotten of Alex and Robin 's love trials , I could n't help but miss that dysfunctional and self-important duo while reading `` Conspiracy Club . '' This book 's main character , Jeremy Carrier , never comes to life and his adventures sound like Kellerman is phoning it in . . On the plus side , Kellerman 's writing is as always a cut above the usual and he has good control over detail and pacing . Unfortunately , the women in this book make even stick figures like Robin seem complex . The scenes in the conspiracy club are cartoonish and about as menacing as an afternoon in a nursing home rec room . Bring back Alex and his rich boy , ca n't commit melodramas ! As much as he gets on my nerves , at least he got a bit more to him than a `` tragic secret . ''
 When I first read the Amazon review of this novel , I was intrigued . Never a fan of Kellerman 's Alex Delaware novels , I thought I might give this a try since it `` re-invigorates a number of tried-and-true mystery conventions , '' was `` gripping '' and `` intricately plotted . '' I found this novel to be neither gripping nor intricately plotted ; in fact , I found it tedious and quite boring . The main character of Dr. Jeremy Carrier is neither appealing nor likeable . He came off has whiny and little self-involved for my taste . Yeah , yeah , I know he 's just been tough a terrible ordeal , but please !
 Lame plot , stale characters , and it takes over half the book for anything at all to happen . So much of this book is useless filler , I ca n't believe it even got published .
 Two huge problems with this book . One , this self righteous club is leaving clues to a killer and `` traveling and learning '' when they already know his identity , so I guess he can keep on dismembering women until the psychiatrist figures it all out and then gets teary eyed over his new special wine glass . Two , the city of Los Angeles functions as a character in Kellerman 's other novels and adds alot of realism to the novels . This thing drags on in some unnamed , nondescript city .
 Wow , I 've been a huge fan of Jonathan Kellerman 's novels for years now , and while I particularly enjoy the Alex Delaware series , until now I 've enjoyed his stand alone novels just as much.The only reason I struggled to finish the book was because it was a JK novel , but believe me , it really WAS a struggle . It 's possible that some of the reason is that the setting itself is fictional ; despite long narratives about the setting and its environs , I still never got a real feel for the area.I also did n't find any of the chracters likeable ; whether they are good guys or bad guys , or somewhere in between , I can usually identify with the characters in some way . Like them , hate them , are they funny , smart ? I just really did n't CARE.The second star is only because somewhere after page 200 , the `` action '' started to pick up and make some sense , and THERE was the Jonathan Kellerman writing I 've come to love , expect , and respect.Hopefully this was just a fluke . If nothing else , at least it 's apparent I 'm not the only one who feels this way .
 The author is reusing a similar plot device than in `` Twisted ''
 If this was my first Kellerman novel I would have been captivated . Kellerman has a unique writting style which I believe captivates and keeps his fans coming back for more . But Conspiracy Club was not his best . I was disappointed by the lack of development of the `` Club '' members characters . I also found Jeremy Carrier rather boring . Though it ended with Kellerman flare , I fear it was a case of `` too little too late ... `` not his usual page turner.But Kellerman can not please everybody all the time , and he is allowed the odd bad book , as long as he follows it up with a smasher like Therapy .
 Very dissapointing . As a huge fan of the Alex Delaware novels and Jonathan Kellerman 's style of writing , I was really looking forward to reading this book . Unfortunately , I found the main character , Jeremy Carrier , to be sad , whiny and an all around boring guy ! The story took forever to develop and by the time it did I had stopped caring what happened . He spent too much time introducting characters that ending up having little or nothing to do with the plot . I was surprised at some of the twists near the end , but they were n't enough for me to recommend this book . I finished reading it only to find out `` who done it '' . I recently read his new novel `` Therapy '' which I would recommmend along with most of the other Delware novels .
 I too have been a great Kellerman fan , and have read all his books . But this one is bad , and not just because it is n't Alex Delaware or because it has little if any real plot . It 's the style , something I do n't remember from the earlier books . One reader noticed the annoying short chapters , a trend from some other `` thriller '' writers.What I noticed was the page after page of one sentence paragraphs.Or one phrase paragraphs.Supposed to make us feel breathless , I guess.But really more like -LSB- Dick and Jane -RSB- .
 In the past I have found Jonathan Kellerman to be my favorite author , having read every book he has ever written . Conspiracy Club , however , does not live up to his previous works . The plot was weak , the characters even weaker . I found myself bored and thrilled when it ended . Mr. Kellerman , please go back to your previous style , this was simply not worth reading .
 I have been rading Jonathan Kellerman 's Alex Delaware novels for years and I have really enjoyed them . I was so disappointed by his new novel The Conspiracy Club . It moved so slowly it was painful . There were no interesting characters . I ca n't even remember the `` hero 's '' name . This one was n't worth the time . I was glad when it ended .
 Jonathon Kellerman is one of my favorite authers , and his last two books have been his best in years . But with Conspiracy Club he has totally missed the mark . This book is slow paced , the main character -LRB- Jeremy Carrier -RRB- is totally uninteresting . I 've read about 100 pages and nothing has happened ! I can only read a few pages at a time before I start getting sleepy . I had to put the book down , I could n't finish it . I may go back to it but not right away . What a bummer . If you 're looking for something to put you to sleep pick this book up . Everyone else should just leave it alone . Hopefully Kellerman 's next book will be up to his earlier standards .
 I have not or can not finish reading this book . It is soooo slooow and seems to be going nowhere and I do n't really care about Jeremy at all . Why is that ? My first experience with Jon Kellerman was so wonderful that I had to read everything right away . But this book ca n't be his . I did catch his wonderful descriptive talents in describing scenery but that is not plot . As with Patricia Cornwell 's disaster with Blow Fly , it seems as if two previous reviewers are right . Mr. Kellerman was phoning it in or he had this book from a college project and needed to get something published . I do n't think I will bother finishing The Conspiracy Club so I can use the time to find a new mystery author . I checked out this site to be sure that I was not the only one who was disappointed .
 I have always found that a good reader can make a mediocre book more interesting and a bad reader exposes weak prose in a few moments . This audio book has the one of the worst readers ever and writing so poor that even George Guidall would be hard pressed to keep me listening.I agree with an earlier reviewer 's thought that this book seems to be from before Kellerman 's Delaware success . The use of latin names of diseases without a translation and clumsy use of language -LRB- When was the last time you found the term `` jimcrack '' in a novel with a modern setting ? -RRB- . And , this book suffers the worst of Kellerman 's other novels
 This is so wordy and difficult to read , that it was n't even worth finishing . I was VERY disappointed in this author , since I usually enjoy his writing .
 Kellerman is best known for his Alex Delaware novels , and rightfully so . When an author wants to break from a popular character , there 's always the possibility of scepticism from the readers . Some authors are able to make this work -LRB- Jeffrey Deaver , for example -RRB- . Others fall flat , as Mr. Kellerman has on this one . I honestly do n't know what happened here . This is perhaps the slowest paced novel I 've ever read from a veteran author . How this ever got past his agent or editor I 'll never know . You are well over halfway through the book before anything happens , and I 'm not exaggerating here in the least . It 's almost like following someone 's boring life with morbid curiousity for a while , waiting for something to go wrong . The ending , when it mercifully comes , is n't worth the build up . The Conspiracy Club from the book 's title really does n't do anything that a single character could n't have done . It 's like this is a novel he 'd written years ago but put away and suddenly he had a deadline and had to grab it . The potential for a great story was here , but it would have meant losing the first half of the book and starting from there . I look forward to his next novel , but I hope it 'll be back to his old standard of great storytelling .
 I am about to bail . Its the lavish meal that did it . That 's a first for me in a Kellerman book . I came to these reviews convinced `` The Conspiracy Club '' was Kellerman 's first manuscript , written thirty or more years ago , rejected , and surfacing now to give readers a glimpse of how much he had developed . Boffo stylized cartoon characters , unconnected , very 50 's .
 I 've been a long-time fan of Jonathan Kellerman and have noticed his books steadily declining regarding plot , interest , and entertainment value . I was hoping `` The Conspiracy Club '' would bring him out of the rut he seems to have fallen into , but for me , this book only proves he has run out of motivation or has become bored with writing.I am beginning to wonder when the publishing world will grow tired of continually feeding to the reading world mundane works from formerly best-selling authors -LRB- i.e. Cornwell , Patterson , Clancy , Kellerman , et . -RRB- and instead focus on more talented , unknown authors . Come on , New York , listen to the readers who are expressing their opinions !
 This is BY FAR the worst Jonathan Kellerman book ever . I have been reading JK for over 10 years and have read almost every book of his . This book moved SO slow and he spent too much time building up characters that were not integral to the plot or at least not the murder mystery plot part . He spent more time building a love relationship between the main character and his girlfriend than he did solving the crime .1 word
 As an avid Kellerman fan I was very disappointed in this book . ... The Conspiracy Club was slow and boring , the characters are one-dimensional and did not engage me . If Kellerman had not been the author I would have not finished the book , I kept hoping it would be better . I actually felt ripped-off after reading it . It seemed like the plot for a poor TV movie .
 I have been a devoted reader of all things Kellerman -LRB- Jonathan and Faye -RRB- for a dozen or so years . I was thrilled to learn there was a new book by Jonathan that was not an Alex Delaware story . I very much enjoy series books and getting to know and like -LRB- or hate -RRB- the `` regulars '' . Sort of a soap opera behind the current plot thing . I was very excited to get to know the new characters in this book . It typically takes me about 2-3 days to finish a Kellerman novel -LRB- his or hers -RRB- I worked on reading this book for about two weeks . I made it about half way through this book . When I realized I dreaded reading anymore of it and really was n't caring what was going to happen next I gave up . I tried skimming the second half reading a sentence here and there so I could find out the ending . I still could n't figure out what was going on . It did n't matter though , by this point I really did not care how the book ended . I hope this will be a stand alone book and the characters will not continue on in another book . All in all this book was a major disappointment . Not at all of the calibar I have come to expect from Mr. Kellerman .
 When I saw a new Kellerman book , I snapped it right up and went right home to read it . I kept waiting for something to HAPPEN !! Guess what ? When I finished it -- still nothing . And Jeffrey was not even an interesting character . Why do authors who have great books and great characters have to leave them behind and do something DIFFERENT ? Bah Humbug !!!
 I usually enjoy the author 's works , even the non-Alex Delaware ones , but not this one . I agree with the other reviewers that the characters were flat , some of the plot lines were never tied together well , and that the setting hints that this was a discarded attempt from the past that Kellerman rescued from the trash can ... But my main beef with this novel is the language ! In some of his Alex Delaware novels , Kellerman turns off my interest with his grandeose architectual descriptions -LRB- I often think if he had n't been a psychologist he would have been an architect -RRB- , but this book is STUFFED with pompous , over-the-top language . I chuckled out loud at the reviewer who said he/she had multiple English degrees but still had to constantly run to the dictionary to look up Kellerman 's obscure word choices . Kellerman 's descriptions and dialogue during the secret dinner with Jeremy and the old eccentrics was just plain laughable.One reviewer said it best when they said that they language was `` forced , bombasic , and esoteric '' . Trust me - this book is painful drudgery to read for such a small payoff .
 Hard to get into , I am accustomed to getting into one of his books and not putting it down until I finish it . This book is taking me weeks to finish . It just has not grabbed my attention . I say , `` Bring back Alex Deleware !
 I could not get into this book . I have the audio version . My mind kept wondering off . I had to stop listening to it half way trough it . I love all the Alex and Milo book . Please keep writing them instead .
 I love J Kellerman 's books , and could n't wait to get my hands on the latest one . I did n't mind that it is not part of the Ales Delaware `` series '' - I very much enjoyed Butcher 's Theatre , and Billy Straight . But this latest book is so incredibly longwinded and boring ! I can not get into it , I do not care for any of the characters , and I am now on page 278 , and still have n't found anything interesting in this book . I will finish it -LRB- sometime -RRB- , just because it is by Jonathan Kellerman . But I think it will go to the 2nd hand bookshop straight away - and I still have all his previous novels , and reread them again and again . PLEASE - no more Dr Carrier !!
 I was charmed by the title and was ready to be satisfied , when I bought this book and took it on vacation . Since I regularly read all sorts of stuff , good , bad , pulp , and critically acclaimed , I did n't worry about it being too fluffy ; I just wanted an entertaining story . I ended up in that state one gets into , where one keeps reading and reading , hoping it would improve , hoping the characters would gain more dimension or behave believably or that something would tie in all the seemingly loose ends and improbabilities , until I reached the denouement , whereupon the ridiculously unbelievable ending dissapointed me further and I just wished I could have back all the time I 'd wasted reading it.specific gripes : Unrealistically bland reactions by characters witnessing surprise deaths of close acquaintances and near neighbors.Unrealistic characterization of the German nanny , including offensivively trite rendering of her supposed english speaking mistakes.Aggravating constant lack of logical behavior and self-confidence by a healthy happily married woman with a handsome adoring husband , two healthy happy kids and lots of friends.A few good parts
 This is a cozy-style mystery
 Still reeling from the sheer bloody awfulness of ` How to Murder Your Mother-in-Law ' I thought that I should give Dorothy Cannell another chance , and so I read ` How to Murder the Man of Your Dreams ' . if anything , it is even worse than the earlier book , if such a thing wer possible . A model who poses for the covers of romance novels is visiting the villag ein which the heroine , Ellie Haskell , lives . He causes a lot of excitement among the lady residents of the village . There are several deaths , but naturally it does n't occur to the bird-brained Haskell woman that there is anythign suspicious about them until the third on.There are a lot of wildly improbably characters in the book . There 's the batty old lady who was jilted by her bridegroom sixty years ealier , and has never gone out by daylight since -LRB- you could just about swallow it in Dickens , but in a modern murder mystery ? Come on -RRB- . She is described as wearing ' a pre-WWI bonnet ' Since she must have got married in 1934 -LRB- this book was published in 1994 -RRB- you wonder why she is wearing a pre-WWI bonnet ? Unless of course Dorothy Cannell does n't know the difference between WWI and WW2 , which would not greatly surprise me.Then there 's Greta , the German home help who has been thrown out by her husband because he 's fallen in love with another man -LRB- evidently in Cannell-land , married women have no property rights , nor divorce lawyers come to that -RRB- . Probably silliest of all is the lady who fled on her wedding night thirty years before in shock when her husband revealed the facts of life to her . `` It was a different era then '' Ellie Haskell says solemnly . Yes indeed it was , the sixties , but from what I can recall of the era , ignorance of the facts of life was not an outstanding feature of the decade.The idiot Haskell woman spends most of the book drooling over her husband , and only notices that people are being murdered after the third death . The detecting is perfunctory in the extreme and crammed into the last twenty or so pages of the book.I have read a lot of murder mysteries that I did n't aprticularly care for for one reason or another , but I accept that other people like them . Live and let live . Dorothy Cannell 's ` mysteries ' are , however , so abysmally bad that I really can not fathom how any mystery fan could possibly like them .
 < < AVOID THIS THING LIKE AMOEBIC DYSENTERY > > I finished this `` novel '' feeling as though I had slogged through fifteen miles of day-glo swamp . It smacks of a sequel written under contract by an author who needed to make payments on a car . The `` delightfully quirky '' characters and the `` kooky '' goings-on were so unimaginative , relentless , repetitive and uninspired that I only finished the wretched thing so that I could review it in good faith and forget about it.Devoid of wit , style and substance , it succeeds neither as a puffy comedy or an arch `` woman 's '' novel . -LRB- And in its moronic way an insult to the romance community -RRB- Obviously intended for people with IQs lower than their shoe sizes.And to raise the question that irked me for 200 of it 's pages
 Satire is perhaps the most difficult form of humor to do well , and this one is definitely not to my taste . Perhaps if you are so familiar with the romance genre that you can catch all the `` inside '' jokes , but ... The prim librarian secretly reads romance novels all night , chuckle . The heroine turns down her husband 's amorous advances to stay up late with the latest romance tome , har , har . The funniest premise in the book is that a typical American , middle-class family can afford to hire a gardener , a Swiss au pair , AND a woman who comes in to help twice a week!The next time I want to read a mystery-romance-satire , I 'll go back to the ever-reliable misadventures of dear , old Hank the Cow Dog and his eternal triangle with Beulah the collie and Missy Coyote .
 Sure ... it 's a great compendium of instrument doublings through the 20th century ... but has relatively little information about what is promised in the title -- which is `` art of instrumental tone-color '' . I would 've found the reference actually `` use-able '' if the author actually would have described what `` tonal colors '' are created by combining the said instruments . Instead , he just mentions that these instruments have been used in the past , and usually an example or two -LRB- which I love ... and IS valuable -RRB- -- but then leaves it up to me to dig-up the music example . A reference CD would be a wonderful companion product.Having harped on it ... I will say it must have taken YEARS to compile such a resource , and am grateful that someone has . I would just like to see it taken to the next level , which involves two things I was hoping for :1 -RRB- a reference CD library of all the examples sited so I could HEAR the combinations referred to2 -RRB- a more useful resource which included recommendations or starting points for the art of tone-color -LRB- i.e. . If your song needs dark overtones , here are several historical combinations that have worked well in the past -RRB- . Although I may refer to this encyclopedia reference in the coming years -- I feel mislead by the title , and would prefer not to even have spent the $ 80 . Kudos to Mr. Read for compiling such a reference ... I just wish it were more practical .
 i just received my copy of this book from amazon . it is clearly defective . the editor 's introduction has been left out completely , and probably about half the pages of the text itself are missing . amazon should do a recall of this book , assuming the other copies out there are the same .
 I ca n't believe I bought this book ! I truly can not . This book goes on and on about bragging , but does not give the reader any great approach to doing such . All in all , I felt the book was pure fluff . It 's as if the author was bragging to the reader that if one brags enough , a book can come of it . Each chapter 's introduction took too long to get to `` the meat and potatoes '' of the lesson . So , I skipped the 2-3 intro paragraphs to get to the `` lesson , '' and there was still nothing there ! I am an avid reader and I 've had this book for years and I 've never been able to finish it . I 've put this book down more times than I can count because I was n't inspired . Finally , I made a promise to myself to get my money out of this book and FORCE myself to read it . After about 20 minutes , I found myself flipping through pages and skimming paragraphs trying to find the substance of each chapter . I finally gave up and threw it in the trash , which is what I should have done years ago . Honestly , I should have skimmed this book in a bookstore and not wasted my time ordering it online.If you want to change your life and truly get something out of a `` self-help '' book , pick up Napolean Hill 's `` Think and Grow Rich '' and `` The Science of Personal Acheivement . '' These books and the information they contain are quite old , but tested and tried and true.All in all , do n't waste your time and money with `` Brag , '' for it truly contains nothing worth bragging about .
 Found this book to be a totally self-serving testimonial to its author . A quick skim indicated not much of value - or interest - in it ... so I returned it .
 I was excited to read this book based on the everyone 's comments . However , by the end I quickly realized it lacked the takeaways one expects.It talks in length about how to promote yourself , but it fails to drive home the distiction between those who promote gracefully and those that just brag . I was expecting to learn this difference based on the title.It never happened . So I give it two stars based on some good content , but no more given it misses the mark .
 This is an important topic and worthy of more than you get in this book . The book is nicely written in the self-help style
 Perhaps a one-on-one session with Peggy Klaus may get great results through personal coaching ; this material does not play well in book form . The messages are trite and over-simplified and the `` bragisms '' just keep flowing in form of foolish buzz words the author hopes will somehow catch on.If you have problems with self-confidence or verbalizing your accomplishments , get a personal coach and taylor the methods to suit you . This one-brag-fits-all book offers no insights into yourself you could n't get from looking in the mirror ...
 The 5-star reviews here mystify me . I found Peggy Klaus 's book `` Brag ! '' to be borderline unreadable and completely unhelpful.It had a great title/subtitle and stellar Amazon reviews , so I figured this would be the book to help overcome my natural reluctance to tout my own achievements . Instead we have a supposed `` communications expert '' -- who readily admits that she feels like a fraud because she 's not really a communications expert -- giving us commonsense advice that can be distilled into about five sentences . For example , the `` 12 Tooting Tips for Bragging '' she ends the book with look like something anyone would come up with in 10 minutes when tasked with creating such a list
 I never write product reviews , but felt compelled to for this book because it was so disappointing . The book suffers from two fatal flaws . First , fully 50 % of it is anecdotal fluff . While that is not an uncommon approach to business books that need to fill pages and maybe provide helpful examples , this book only does the former . Second , the specific advice it offers elsewhere consists of unhelpful , general platitudes you already know -LRB- e.g. , be your best self ! -RRB- . To illustrate that , the following is the point of one of the smaller subsections : '' ... -LSB- interpersonal communication -RSB- goes like this
 Webster 's defines brag as
 Arlene and Nance are the best of friends - you would never think they would be . Both are farmer 's wives in Iowa , but that is where the similarities end . Nance 's affair with Burton leads to an accidental shooting of Arlene 's husband Harvey . Arlene moves back to South Dakota and sells the farm to Burton . Years later , her son is wounded by a trap gun set at the old place by Burton and criminal and civil lawsuits ensue which test the women and their friendship and further twist the lives of all involved . Nance must come to terms with her life and realize she MUST deal with things.Nance is an idiot . Her whining to Arlene is pathetic and the lack of sensitivity to Arlene 's situation is ridiculous . Equally ridiculous is the martyr role Arlene takes on . Her husband is killed and her only son maimed due to a woman 's actions - why would she even bother to maintain contact ? Harvey is a ridiculously one-dimensional character and Burton is a stereotypical Vietnam vet . I almost hoped they would lost heir farm and wind-up divorced in the end , which I am sure is not what the author wanted the reader to feel !
 Do n't buy it because you may want to purchase the product . The only strategy that I want to figure out is how to get my money back for this waste of an optic disk .
 Slow.Slow.Slow.Enough saidI really wanted to burn Hemingway alive -LRB- but ... that 's out of the question -RRB- Plot was awfully developed .
 The Old Man and the SeaThe Old Man and the Sea was uneventful and dull . Reason being when there is only one event throughout the entire book , the book becomes uneventful . He did a great job with details , but it was redundant in most areas . The Old Man and the Sea was the most boring book I 've ever read.Throughout the story , Santiago becomes a very lonely man . For example , he is constantly talking about how he misses the boy and wishes he was there . The boy is his only true friend and because of this , he is lonely without him . Santiago would probably be a normal guy if the boy was there . Also , Santiago talks to the animals around him . Talking to animals helps keep him occupied and not so lonely . Plus , he never has to argue with them because he knows he will be right . Believe it or not , that 's only part of the boringness.All the story talks about is how Santiago does n't catch his fish . Between ten pages after the story begins and up until ten pages before the ending , all the story talks about is how Santiago does n't catch his fish . That 's the biggest waste of 127 pages in the entire universe . If there were more characters , maybe it would have kept my attention . The only other character is Manolin , a young boy . He also has no friends other than Santiago . This is because he is a little nerd . Next time this book comes up in discussion , I 'm leaving the room.The old man and the sea was the worst book I 've ever read . It was dull which made it seem very long and drawn out . It talks the whole time about Santiago 's loneliness and his crazed fishing incidents . I do not suggest reading this book to anyone . It was a waste of the honorable Pulitzer Prize .
 This `` novel '' was the worst `` piece of literature '' I have ever read . If you can spare yourself from the agony of reading a hundred or so pages about an old man and a fish , than do so . This book brought the worst period of my life to a dramatic climax . I was more miserable reading this book than when my wife divorced me and my parents disowned me . I now have no one but at least I do n't have to read this book anymore . Thank you god .
 This was the most boring and pointless book I had ever read . I was forced to read it for English class a year back . The book has no point except that humans keep fighting no matter what . The old man is catching a fish for about 80 of the 127 pages . It 's a very bad book that should n't have ever been published . I 've never read any of Hemingway 's other stuff and am not going to any time soon because of the lasting effect of this book .
 One of the greatest books of all time ? I think not ! Although a couple nearly interesting things happened , through out the majority of the book there was nothing to keep my attention . Had I slept through the reading , I would n't have missed a thing . I would n't recommend this book unless you lack a personality completely.Every single aspect of the plot was stale . After all , only two exciting things happened . Even in those `` action '' scenes nothing really caught any attention . The setting did n't even change except at the very beginning and the very end . Beyond that , the very few characters did n't even do much . His actions only portray certain aspects , leaving much of his personality blank , and making him shallow and predictable . That 's just why it was boring on it 's own.It was also boring because it did n't relate to the experiences of many readers . After all , how many people have gone marlin fishing ? Very few to be sure . The size , style , characters , and plot of the book seem simplistic and geared towards a younger audience . The actions , though , are the things that adults would be the only , if them , group interested in . Yet The Old Man was the only developed character . He was very hard to relate to and seemed to make nonsense decisions . The Old Man was so simple , he seemed to fake to care for . When a novel is hard to relate to , it 's hard to get into also.With so many things wrong with the book , I never cease to be amazed by people enjoying this book . Nothing changes , very little happens , and it 's more of a folk tale then novel . I would never recommend this book for anyone !
 A joke . That 's what I think about The Old Man and the Sea getting a Pulitzer Prize . I can not comprehend what the Pulitzer Committee was thinking when they gave this book a prize . The Old Man and the Sea is a redundant book full of hum drum that is not worth 127 pages of anyone 's time.This book did not deserve a Pulitzer Prize for the book lacked excitement and plot . For example , Santiago does a ton of work and does not succeed . The Climax of this book is a major let down which makes the reader regret reading it in the first place . Since the climax is poor that also forces the plot of the story to go downhill . Another example is that this book was written at a low reading level . This is a big part of why I ca n't see why this book got one of the highest awards in history . Sure the book probably got the prize for the theme or the symbolizing the author put in it , but these are not very strong in my opinion . Any younger kid could have written a book like this . The Old Man and the Sea is not worthy of its award.Repetitiveness makes a book extremely ... For example , Santiago always says `` I wish the boy were here '' -LRB- 48 , 50 , 51 , 56 -RRB- . By saying this over and over this book gets old . Half of this book is unnecessary because it is so repetitive . Another example is ; he often says that he `` must eat the tuna in the morning '' -LRB- 57 , 58 , 59 -RRB- . This happens several times in the book and the book becomes tremendously dull . Tediousness makes any piece of writing uninteresting . And this book is exceptionally uninteresting and tedious . All together this book is quite redundant.I did not find this book entertaining , pleasurable , or enjoyable . This book definitely did not deserve any prizes at all . All in all , The Old Man and the Sea is a redundant book full of hum drum that is not worth 127 pages of anyone 's time .
 The Old man and the Sea is a story about a lonely unlucky old man who never loses his faith even thought he has not caught a fish in over 80 days . Even thought his fishing partner , Manolin , was ordered by his parents to leave the old man , Santiago Still continues to fish . And then one day while he is out fishing the amazing happens , he catches that one dream fish . The Old man and the Sea does not deserve the praise and adoration it gets . This book deserves to be cast adrift from the landmass of literary works.The Plot of this story is slow and dull with little action . In this book action is like a slug slowly climbing up a steep hill , it takes for ever and ever to get to the top . For Instance , when action comes it drags on and on . Action in this book is like running backwards ; it takes forever to get anywhere ...
 The Old Man and the Sea , by Ernest Hemmingway is it a captivating and relentless story ? Or is it an uneventful , praise-seeking , fishing tale ? Santiago , the protagonist of the book , is an old , unlucky fisherman . After 84 days without catching a fish , he goes farther out to sea than ever before . He then catches a marlin as large as his skiff . Exciting , is n't it ? Not particularly . The Old Man and the Sea is a boring and difficult book to get through.The lack of events is capable of putting the reader to sleep . For example , the most exciting event was when Santiago caught the fish . This book is mostly a hundred pages of an insane man 's dull thoughts . When something actually happens , the moment is short-lived . In addition to having only one `` thrilling '' event , the book has repetitive and mind numbingly pointless dialogue . Santiago often talks to himself , like when his hand cramped he said , `` Come on hand . Please come on . '' -LRB- 62 -RRB- He also talks to the fish , trying to tell it what to do . '' ... I 'll let him eat it well ... Eat it well . '' -LRB- 44 -RRB- One or two events and boring dialogue leads the readers to dreamland.This tiresome reading seems to be fishing for compliments . Hemingway tries to make the reader feel pity for the old man . For instance , Santiago puts himself through so much pain . It is his own stubborn attitude that causes his agony . In addition to putting himself through pain , he is very tired , weather-beaten and sore . He is old and can not handle this `` feat '' . He has been out to sea for a few long and uneventful days . Is the wear and tear worth the pity?The Old Man and the Sea is a bad book to read due to being a dull-as-dirt book begging for compliments . It took a lot to keep reading and finish it . It is short and simple , but so incredibly uninteresting . My suggestion is to just keep reading Harry Potter .
 This book , Old Man and the Sea , is so immensely unbelievable it is n't even funny . Exhibit A
 How can a book with excellent characterization be an uninteresting novel with no realistic thoughts or adventures ? The author does not clearly explain mandatory parts in the book that are truly needed to make the book a success . I would not recommend this book to anyone that wants to read an exciting and realistic book that is very descriptive and relays the thoughts of the protagonist.The main character in this novel is not exposed to a consistent amount of realistic conditions or events that would in reality take place . For instance , the protagonist goes out and is pulled around by a fish for four days . Santiago should go out and take control of the fish , so he can go home and be rewarded for his great catch . Santiago does not show that he deserves the fish . He should be strong and wise about his actions . Furthermore , Santiago goes out unprepared , with just his boat , not expecting anything . Santiago does not sleep for hours , thus causing severe exhaustion , which lowers the overall possibility of catching the fish . When Santiago 's hand cramps , the only thing he does is talk to it , and he does not try reviving it by other conventional methods . The problems that persist and the treacheries that he overcomes does not allow an overall clear understanding of the plot , theme , or other critical elements that arise in the conflict of the story.This book does not reflect the author 's overall knowledge about the subject of this novel . Truly , Santiago goes out and catches a fish that he then follows through the water . The very large fish does not allow more action to enter the story . The author does not reflect the major thoughts or actions put our by the protagonist -LRB- Santiago -RRB- which makes the story dull and uninteresting . Likewise , the characters do not add much action to the story . The protagonist does not have any extremely exciting experiences or battles that could twist the ending , and thus the plot is very predictable . The parts in this story that are not extremely boring do not add up to much , because the author does not use many metaphors to relate the story to any actual experiences . The plot and characters make the story dull because they do not add any suspense to the story.This book should not be read by anyone . This truly shows Hemmingway 's weakness as a writer . The protagonist does not prove to have any common sense at all and he may be going insane . This book proved to be an overall failure because it did not add up to my expectations as a reader .
 This is the first Hemingway I 've read and I have to say that I was disapointed . I did like the scenes with the boy and the old man but that was about it ! But when he is at sea for five days I got tired of reading it and wanted to stop the book . As one reviewer said , `` The story line was dragged on ... '' . That sums up exactly how I felt about the book . When I learned it won a Pulizer I was even more surpirsed . When I talked to other people they felt that he deserved a Pulizer for his other books and maybe they just gave him the Prize because they felt they needed to . I 'm not sure and I 'm probably wrong . To me , it seems that you either loved it , or hated it . I 've talked to people who think this is the best book ever and I 've talk to people who did n't like it at all .
 Philip Pullman , my favorite author , once said that a lot of novels get so wrapped up in showing off beautiful writing that there 's no story , and the story really should be the most important thing . I agree with him . This book seems like just an excuse for the author to explain his view of the world , and life , & c , & c. , and the author forgets to put an interesting story in it . Luckily it does n't get too boring because it 's short . I also hate fishing , and I hated the author 's writing style , which sounds like it 's trying so hard to be simple and profound . The author also sounds snobbish and superior at times , and at other times like he 's trying to show you , look at this character I 've created , is n't he wonderful . For a novel with deep things to say and beautiful writing AND a great story , try Philip Pullman 's The Golden Compass .
 This was an extremely boring book to me . I had to read it for school in 8th grade , and I almost fell asleep reading it . I think a big part of it was that as an 8th grader i didnt understand a lot of the hidden meanings of the book . I didnt like it also because it was very slow going and the end is a dissapointment to me . Also , none of my friends liked it either
 This is one of the most boring books I 've ever read . I had to read this back in high school . In that time I struggled with reading it because it was so boring it took me almost a month to finish it . The only exciting thing in the whole book was when the sharks appeared . I cared so little for all the characters especially the old man I hoped they were going to eat the old man . But nope they ate his stupid marlin instead . When the reader is hoping for the `` hero '' to die your book sucks .
 After reading the old man and the sea , I found myself wondering what exactly Hemingway was trying to do . At first I found it extremely hard to actually get into the book . I mean how much can you say about a fishing trip the last 84 days with no luck . I did find that i sympothized with Santiago , especially when Manolin 's parents force him to leave Santiago 's boat . I feel that there wasnt enough action in this book to keep my interest going . Hemingway goes into such great detail in all that he says , that i find that it gets boring . Once I had finally gotten to the 85th day of Santiago 's unlucky streak , I found that I was rooting so much for him the whole time . I was much more intrigued once he caught hold of that big marlin . I continued to read because I was afraid that he would give up after all that he went through . I fell that the most exciting part is when the sharks lured by the blood of the marlin . I felt bad that Santiago didnt get to enjoy his fish , although by this point Santiago has grown so much I dont think he minds . I enjoyed how he finally did something for himself instead of trying to impress others . I enjoyed the end of the book when Manolin and Santiago see eachother once again . The end of this book gets much better , but i found it didnt compensate for the rest of the book . I would not recomend this book to anyone who seeks action thrillers .
 This is a book of great descriptions and great symbolism . It 's great to write a book report on but if you 're not a Hemingway fan you probably wo n't enjoy it . It 's a good book to see if you like Hemingway or not but not a great book otherwise . Must read for Hemingway fans , read it once just so you 're familiar with it otherwise .
 My fianc&eacute;e hated this book ; she told me it nothing but fish and machismo - futility personified as a short novel . After absorbing the story , I can not agree with her . While it may appear to be nothing but a fight between an old man and a big fish , it is more . It is struggle . It is pain and perseverance . It is the acknowledgment that sometimes defeats look like victories , and victories defeats.That being said , I can now also say that I am not a fan of Hemingway 's choppy writing , his overly overt masculinity , or his cavalier attitudes towards death and pain . But it is worth reading , especially if you like the things do not .
 Wait , no i 'm not . Yes I am . Wait , no I 'm not . This book sunk even below the low level of literary decency that i have come to expect from Hemingway .
 I am not sure if I would have liked it because I did n't really understand . I am not interested in the sea or fish . I do n't want to criticize it because I did n't understand it but bits & pieces .
 I read the old man at the sea . It was n't a bad book ; it was about this oldman at sea . He has n't caught a fish in eighty-seven days . Then one day he goes out to sea , but he decides to go farther then usually . So he is fishing and he caught a good size fish but it 's not good to eat . So he put that on the line and after awhile he gets a bit . Then finally the fish take the bate . It a big fish because it is pulling the boat . this goes on for days . It been about three days and old man is getting and he knows that the fish is getting tried because it going with the current . He finally caught the fish it is bigger then the boat . Then when he is taking it home the fish is bleeding and it starts to be attracted by sharks . The old man fought them off but they end up getting a bit . Then on the way home keep saying that he should n't have gone so far out . He also apologizes to the fish for that . Then when he gets home is nothing left of the fish . The old man is disoponeted and goes to bed . The other Fishermen are amazed of the size of the fish , and the old man lets them have of the bones they want .
 quick synopsis for those of you who havent read it and are considering it
 The Old Man and the Sea by Ernest Hemingway is a story about quiet determination in the face of insurmountable odds that would overcome a person who was not as courageous as the novel 's main character , Santiago . Santiago is a fisherman who has not caught a fish in eighty-four days and is beginning to feel the effects of being fishless for so long . He is very thin and weak , and had to sell most of his fishing equipment , and someone has to give him food for him to eat . The bright spot in his life is a boy named Manolin . Manolin used to fish in the same boat with Santiago , but after forty-two days of not catching a fish the boy 's parents made him switch to a luckier boat against his wishes . The boy still felt obligated to the old man in a way a son loves his father , and takes care of him , making sure he eats , and had blankets to sleep with , and that sort of thing.Hemingway creates characters with a lot of depth like Manolin ; he cares for Santiago even though he does n't have to and fishes for a lucky boat . This is indicative of Hemingway in the sense that he likes to create characters through action and dialogue and not so much from digressing commentary on the side , you only get a feel of Santiago by how he catches the fish and what he says to himself as he is catching the fish . Hemingway also uses a lot of imagery throughout the book that allows the reader to get a sense of what he is talking about without a bunch of detail that most writers of his era used . The way Hemingway describes Santiago 's Cuban town and Santiago himself are both good examples of this , a line from the novel reads , `` That afternoon there was a party of tourists at the terrace looking down at the water among beer cans and dead barracudas . '' This line clearly gives the reader a vision of the poor and disheveled town where Santiago lives . The Old Man in the Sea also was laden with symbolism that was subtle , yet just obvious enough to catch the reader 's attention . The birds Santiago sees while fishing is the best example of this as they show freedom and prosperity , two things Santiago is striving for . My favorite character was Manolin because he is very dependable and is always willing to help Santiago.The character I felt I could most relate to was Manolin , `` the boy . '' He would rather have stayed on the boat with Santiago regardless of whether he was catching fish or not , but his parents would not let him , and a boy must yield to his parents . My father is much the same way , making decisions for me whether I agree with them or not , but I must go along with his wishes no matter what , because he is my father . And that is how Manolin and Santiago both feel , that Manolin must agree to his father 's wishes simply because he 's his father . Hemingway does this a lot ; he creates characters the `` every day person '' can identify with.The book , stylistically , is not appealing to me because , even though I like the short-and-to-the-point works of writers like Hunter S. Thompson , Ernest Hemingway 's style leaves too much to the imagination . I like to read a book where authors try out their ability to create beautiful language and Hemingway just does not do that . But , I felt he tried to get across a good lesson in the novel , and that was to have courage . A person can not go through life always being afraid , and Santiago was the one of the most courageous characters I have ever read . So , I like it for its message , but not for the way it was written.This novel is an easy read , and would be perfect for anyone that feels they can not read a lot of books because the authors make it too difficult . I would also recommend this novel to people who enjoy adventure stories , because this story is one long adventure . And personally , I would recommend this book because Hemingway gives a good message in it everyone should think about .
 Great storytelling can not be denied Hemingway . But what does the author want to tell us ? What does he want to give us ? Can it be validated as good or rather not valuable ? It is a work of Nihilism though Hemingway ` s life maxim , which he revealed as his personal life ` s lie in the end of his life , to `` never give up ! '' is opposing to this . The old man ` s battle for victory with the fish serves nothing even if the fight were not already the way which to go makes a sense of life . Hemingway negates this . With his suicide he devaluates his works or makes them more believable ? Can somebody attribute meaning to meaninglessness ? If Hemingway is right and life is meaningless , then also his works are meaningless.What should we have to believe ? That life , how Hemingway thought , is senseless ? For what then never give up ? `` One can be destroyed but one may never give up ! '' he lets his heroes say , who die or fail in the end nevertheless . And he himself does the same . That `` never give up ! '' makes only sense , when it has a basis that is outside of oneself . The author never saw it that way . No matter where he turned to there was nothing to be hoped for . His works are covered by a thick layer of desperation and sinister melancholy . And beneath there is also no hope . One of his heroes says
 For barely 100 pages long , this thing that enjoyed worldwide claim is hardly a page-turner . It is so dry and uninteresting , full of repetation , boring description . The author does lack of the ability of using dialogue to tell a story . The dialogue or monologue is , at best , pretty weak . The book is certainly over-rated . The reason that it won the Nobel Literature Prize is what it claimed politically .
 I bought this book in preparation for a visit to Cuba that included a visit to Hemmingway 's home . That was 4 months ago and I still have n't finished the book . The only reason I might go back to it and finish it someday is that it was written by Hemmingway and it is considered a clasic.The subject just does n't speak to me .
 this is one of the worst books i have ever read . if this is one of ernest hemingways best works then i do not wish o read anymore of his books . this book literally had no point .
 My friend told me this book is incredible but I found it a little far fetched personally.Why doesnt the guy just catch two fish which are each half as big and then he can be eating fish sticks for dinner instead of a big plate of nothing which is where he ends up -LRB- WARNING
 In this book we see the struggle of a fisherman against a big marlin fish . Many reknown Literary Critics have suggested that this was a metaphor for Hemingway 's own battle with Depression and Alcoholism . Most biographers of Hemingway have also suggested that his drinking excesses exacerbated his Depression which is why his books are often of differing quality . Sadly Hemingway shot almost every living animal on this planet until the only thing left to shoot was himself . No doubt had he lived he would have enrolled in a Twelve Step Programme -LRB- that 's the correct Australian spelling of that word by the way -RRB- for alcoholics and 28 days in Rehab just like his Grandaughter the beautiful but highly unstable Margaux Hemingway .
 Santiago , an old fisherman , is the main character in the dreadfully boring book The Old Man and the Sea by Ernest Hemingway . The short , choppy sentences ruin the plot which is Santiago trying to catch a fish.If you have n't read this book yet , then do n't . You 're not missing anything . The main and only real conflict is that he 's an old man and he has n't caught a fish in almost 3 months.This book could n't possibly be at all interesting . However , if your trying to die of boredom this is the book for you . If you do choose to read this book , may the force be with you
 Telltale sign of an idiot
 The book is a classic , I 'd highly recommend it , but this edition is full of spelling and punctuation mistakes . I was disappointed in that , because it 's a paid book , not a free one . I expected better .
 What do Saddam Hussein and the American reading public of the 1950s have in common ? They both loved this book . Its easy to see how Saddam saw his own predicament in this sentimental story of an old fisherman landing and losing a legendary fish . Hemingway was not , unfortunately , a good novelist . Hemingway 's best short stories are some of the finest in the English language but he does n't seem to have been able to sustain character and plot development sufficiently to produce really good novels . Even this short novel displays Hemingway 's weaknesses as a novelist . Even worse , it is sentimental beyond belief , without any of the clear-eyed irony or insight into human nature exhibited in the best short stories . This is a weeper for middle-aged men . See any of the great Nick Adams stories for comparison . While this book appears to have revived Hemingway 's career , at least in terms of popular readership , it really shows the decline of Hemingway 's powers .
 I was looking forward to read this acclaimed book but in honesty , was just disappointed by it . Not that the writing style is n't good , not that the story is n't interesting . Yes , as many critics say , the book touches on many topics of human personalities , flaws and qualities . But when they say `` touch on '' , that 's really all it is . If you are looking for insights , for inspiration in any of these topics , I think you are better off reading Herman Hesse . So much that it 's clear to me that the level of awareness that Hemingway had was quite lower than that of Hesse . Where Hemingway saw that there was more to man than his action and thoughts , Hesse saw emotions , yearning and melancholy.Perhaps 50 years ago , with the level of consciousness society had , this was a good novel . But today , the main value of this book is the details of fishing at the time .
 For many , the thought of Ernest Hemmingway brings to mind a great author and a great read . For me , it is another story . I find his writing extremely boring and predictable . To think that this book , The Old Man and the Sea won the Pulitzer Prize makes the thought of writing a great read very simple . The Old Man and the Sea , by Ernest Hemmingway is a very bland and boring read without enough excitement to keep the reader captivated.The plot of the story begins with persistence and results in defeat . For example , Santiago is an old man , yet a very persistent one staying out at sea for over eighty-five days without the luck of catching a fish . From this , Santiago learns that only sometimes does persistence pay off . Going out to sea everyday with the hope of being lucky , I think Santiago deserves to catch an award winning fish . Furthermore , this man vs. fate conflict arises when Santiago goes out to sea to catch another fish . Excited by his success , he heads home reaching the only thing that unknowingly stands in his way-fate . Fate is very different for everyone , but cruel to Santiago . He must feel that his luck came back to haunt him as fate begins to set in . While Santiago tries so hard to accomplish his goal , he loses control of the fate that he regretfully must overcome.Santiago is very persistent and I can relate in many ways , but I still see the book as a lack of originality in a short story . For instance , Santiago works so hard for those eighty-five days to catch a fish and never gives up , but is still let down . I have been in many situations where there was a need for persistence and I know how he felt when he was let down . Many people of every day life need persistence when competing against another as Santiago was with fate . Furthermore , this book is simple and without detail . The repetition left me bored and I did not want to turn the page because I knew it was only going to get worse . Toward the end of the book , I felt it was too predictable and I felt there was no need to read the ending ; for I already knew what would happen . Being able to relate somewhat to parts of the story made it better , yet it still lacked the complex plot and intense detail that I would have expected , knowing that it won the Pulitzer Prize.As Ernest Hemmingway 's short story , The Old Man and the Sea leaves others excited and completely captivated , I sat there and as I turned the last page , I closed the book with enthusiasm ; not the enthusiasm one would think when finished with a book . I was extremely relieved that at last , the end was here . I already knew how it would end and felt it was incredibly boring for a writer who has given himself such a great name . I would definitely not recommend this book to any readers who needs detail and enthusiasm to turn the page .
 From a kids point of view , `` The Old Man and the Sea '' was about as boring as it could be . There was about one hundred pages about a fish . Why would anyone care that much about a fish ? If the story had a little more action and a little less about the mans ' cramped hand , it would be a tiny bit better . If you wanted to read a book about a fish , this is the book for you .
 There is nothing in this book , but the author could write more than 100 pages to tell you nothing .
 This book is very boring . In the beginning it did n't even spark my interest . Because the book was written without chapters , it is kind of hard to tell whats what and whos who . I fell aslleep every 10 minutes , or made up an excuse to do something else . There is no suspense or adventure , but only an old guy talking to himself . This book is written nicely , but only in one way - -LRB- thats where the 1 star came from -RRB- - because you could picture all this in your head , because of his very descriptive writing
 I found this book incredibly boring . Even after I read the other people 's comments I found a day of my Christmas vacation wasted and i wish I had never read it .
 The Old Man and the Sea is meant to be an adventurous story about and old fisherman and his adventures with the sea . For most , the story seems uneventful and boring . It may only appeal to those who are either def or blind . Anyone with a normal sense of sight or sound will find this story to be extremely boring and tiring.The plot of the book is too predictable . The exciting events are too few and far between . For example , -LRB- one of the main characters -RRB- only appears a few times in the book . Manolin is n't even that interesting . Lucky for the rest of us , he only appears a few times throughout the story . In addition to an already boring cast of characters , the old man -LRB- whom the book is focused on -RRB- is dull , weak and he avoids the potential for exciting events to take place . Also , the setting is not lively enough to fill the imaginations of the unfortunate readers . The time period is one that everyone can be fascinated with , permitting that the interesting highlights of the time period are used to liven the story . The location of the book is wonderful , but Hemingway over explains every little detail about the state of the place . Hemingway is an admired author who tends to forget certain characteristics of the plot , and over indulges other things in the story . The setting of the story is to the whole book , as alcohol is to Hemmingway.The Old Man and the Sea , only appeals to the def and the blind . Those of us with full or partial use of our ears and eyes can plainly sense that this story is uneventful . I especially was bored with the story . It was not an interesting topic . The only people who would be interested in the story are old fishermen . The poor children who are forced into reading this will find it unappealing . The story was n't filled with action . Even someone who is into the topic will find the story too boring . The interesting events are too few and far between . Someone who has perfect vision or perfect hearing will still find this story boring and uneventful.In conclusion , The Old Man and the Sea is a boring worthless peace of nothing . Only the def and the blind consider it literature .
 The Old Man and the Sea was n't very enjoyable to read . It seemed more age appropriate for readers around 45 and older . I find that at my age group , which are kids , are probably more into action and long adventures , then a relaxing trip made by an old man . That is usually what older people are into because that is always what they are talking about . I guess it all depends on what kinds of books you are into . I felt that The old Man and the Sea was n't interesting at all.I found that the book The Old Man and the Sea was n't an exciting or suspenseful story . For example , the quote , `` Then came the same delicate pulling touch again , `` 42 . Like I said before , not very exciting . Where 's the suspense ? In addition , `` An airplane passed over on its course to Miami and he watched its shadow scaring up the schools of flying fish , '' 71 . See boring , sentences like this make the book not very exciting . Even for a long sentence that was n't very suspenseful . The old Man and the Sea needs to be more suspenseful for the reader.I thought The old Man and the Sea was predictable , in most parts . For example , he said that the longest he has gone without a fish was 85 days , so then he goes on a fishing trip to find a fish . Right there you know he is going to come home with a fish . That makes the book no fun to read because the reader knows what is going to happen so then they do n't want to finish . In addition , he fights a really big fish to match up his 85 day dead line . So the reader is n't going to give up because he has to make his 85day limit so he wo n't be a failure . He also ca n't give up because he does n't want to be disappointed in him . All in all The Old Man and the Sea needs to not be so predictable.In conclusion , I found The Old Man and the Sea to be not very exciting or suspenseful . Because of reading this book I saw my friends falling asleep while reading it . To find out which age group fits this book and find it more enjoyable , people can find older age groups , have them read it and see what they say . We already know what the younger people think . Again it all depends on what kinds of books different people are into . Although reading this book makes people expand their horizons and stick with something even though they really do n't like it .
 Earnest Hemmingway received a special award for this piece The Old Man and the Sea . Although his book was boring and slow , the plot of the story was interesting and sometimes even exciting.Even though Earnest Hemmingway has been recognized for some amazingly written books in the past , this book certainly was n't one of them . Throughout this story Hemmingway 's style of writing is very repetitive . He over-used the phrase `` He said , Santiago said , etc. '' By using such repetitive words and language the reader could become easily bored and may even get annoyed . They might also lose interest in the story , and maybe in the author . However , there were a few things Hemmingway did well . When the story took a turn and got interesting , I quickly became hooked . I think if Hemmingway 's writing style was like this throughout the book , it would have been more interesting and more liked by a larger audience . There for although Hemmingway 's style was boring , it was simple and easy to follow.Many people would like this book but mainly the younger kids would prefer it . For instance the language used in this story is simple and easy to follow . I think that younger kids would enjoy reading this book because Hemmingway uses easy to understand language younger kids will become fans of his writing . Hemmingway 's style of writing is easier for the younger audience to follow . He does n't go into deep description and details . I think that younger people would prefer this book over adults . Hemmingway is a simple writer.Just because Hemmingway was awarded a special honor for this book does n't mean it was great . Throughout the story Hemmingway was very repetitive with his word choice . He also used vague and boring language . I personally did n't enjoy the book because of its boring events , but that does n't mean other people would n't feel differently .
 This book was terrible I had to read it for school which may color my opinion ... The man did not shut up about the stupid fish . Hemingway was one of those authors who never got to the point If he was going to write about a sruggle could he write about one in real life . Comparing life and struugle to a fish suggestts serious problems some of you will say it was the struggle with the fish that was important but it was n't . Joe DiMaggio was a bad code hero because he lived in the characters fantasy . and heros have to be in real life to all of you having to read it for school invest in CLiff Notes if allowed it 'll save you the time and annoyance .
 it could be single-handedly responsible for narcolepsy . But I guess since the bigshot Hemingway wrote it , we 're all supposed to nod our heads and smile and say `` way deep novel symbolizing man 's struggle against nature '' like subjects in The Emporer 's New Clothes . Well , I for one will not call invisible talent talent just because it was written by `` literary '' royalty . Please , spare yourself the misery of this dreadful waste of trees . Hopefully , it is no longer required reading like it was when I was in school .
 What was the point in this book ? The guy sat in a boat for God knows how many days to catch this fish . Yeah , happy day , good for him , but who cares ?!
 THE OLD MAN AND THE SEAFor me and probably many other people , Ernest Hemmingway brings the thought of a great writer , one who won the Pulitzer Prize for his ability and talent to write stories . However , after reading his short story The Old Man and the Sea I have yet many doubts . The Old Man and the Sea is a simple worded short story that lacks in the ability to captivate its audience.The plot of the story begins with a persistent man , who has one thing on his mind , fish , but in the end the persistence is replaced with defeat . For instance , Santiago had been fishing persistently for eighty-five days without catching a single fish . To me persistence means pushing on towards your goal and not giving up easily , Santiago took this to a new level . It ended up being the persistent attitude that defeated him in the end . Although , Santiago had persistence , many people believed he had bad luck . An example of this is when he came back from an eighty-five day fishing trip without a single fish . Many times during the book it seemed impossible that Santiago has bad luck , but in the end it prevailed . So although Santiago is a persistent man who knows the concept of never giving up , his bad luck catches up top him in the end.This book is not a book that grabs hold of your attention , and leaves every word dripping with excitement . For example , Hemmingway 's style is concise and uncluttered but not elaborate . This was not a book I enjoyed , not because it was simple , but because it was n't exciting . I think someone who enjoys short stories , and the adventures of sea would enjoy this book more then someone like me who likes mysteries . In addition , to not being exciting , it is also choppy . There are many sentences that do n't flow , or that do n't grab your attention . I would n't recommend this book to anyone who just wants to read a good book . I might recommend it to a person who wants to study a concise , uncluttered , simple worded book . In conclusion , I think this book was written for style and not excitement . It was a simple book , which made it easy to read and understand , but was not a book that captured my attention.After reading The Old Man and the Sea , it made me think why was this man known as a great writer ? I also thought about the way Hemmingway described Santiago , and how well he portrayed the life of a fisherman , and all the different struggles that one might go through in order to make a living . I know now why Hemmingway won the Pulitzer Prize . It was because he had an amazing way of describing a life , much like Santiago 's and though his books may be simple and not filled with as much excitement as other books , he has the amazing ability of taking someone like a fisherman , and making a story out of their simple , lives somewhat interesting . So even though I most likely would not read this book again , and I most certainty would n't recommend it to someone , I still have a great deal of respect for Hemmingway 's ability to portray a life .
 OK book , well developed and deep symbolism . WARNING
 I am no fan of The Old Man and the Sea , but it 's worth publicising more widely the little-known story of its genesis . The Old Man and the Sea was actually an allegory of Hemingway 's doomed attempts at wooing Norma Jean Baker -LRB- Marilyn = marlin
 I just have a brief comment on this so-called `` legendary '' American novel . It has been a while since i read the fun little book , so it might deserve a second glance . Nonetheless , i 'd like to say that in my opinion , one should be able to remain awake during a `` good '' book . Unfortunately , this was n't the case with Old Man And the Sea . Though it 's symbolic references may be partially interesting , what is the use of a book if it ca n't even keep you awake or inspired . Simplicity may be able to be used to an advantage in some cases , but i found that in Old Man and the Sea , the attempt was a flailing and defeated one . I wo n't criticize Hemingway himself because i have yet to read his other novels , but i must say this was a particularly big dissapointment . Authors hitting closer to home to being `` legendary '' american novels would be Kerouac or even Fitzgerald .
 I am on a Hemingway kick and this was the only one of his which I simply did not like . It 's short but it seemed so darn long . Fish or cut bait already.His Nobel prize was deserved for his career but NOT for this book !
 this book was really , incredibly horrible . it was horrid , even . it was by far the worst book i 've ever had the disgust in reading . i hated this book with a passion . i recommend it to no one . you will be disappointed . after all the awards it has recieved , you 'd think it would have been better .
 i actually fell asleep reading this book & it was n't even 3 a.m. & I was n't even tired ! The book was so boring . the story seemed to drag on . Nothing kept my interest.It 's horrible how high school English teachers force students to read this book -- cuz this may very well cause young people to NEVER pick up another book ever again !
 I could n't finish the book coz it was soooooo slow . Sutherland attempts to use exclamations and such but it is just monotonously -LRB- ? -RRB- written . I get the idea behind it and all but ca n't understand why this is THE book for Hemingway . Ah , but I got through it .
 This book sucks . Only a depressed person would like this book . The old man is lonely and keeps trying to fish but does n't catch any . It 's like that old saying , if you put your mind to it you can accomplish anything , but this old man failed . Only a depressed person would like it
 After finishing this book , I ca n't help but feeling that someone pulled a big joke on me . This story is be considered a classic ? Why ? It 's boring , futile and utterly unbelievable , to the point where I am still picking up the bits and pieces of my shattered willing suspense of disbelief.First of all , there 's a marlin bigger than the dingy it 's pulling around . Yeah , right . A fish that size would need to be cut off quickly before it sounds and drags the fisherman into the deep with it -- although the line would likely snap first anyway.At one point we get a detailed description of how the fisherman catches a dolphin on one of the other lines , and prepares to eat it by slicing it open and cleaning out its ... gills ? First , am I really to believe he manages to catch a dolphin with a line and bait ? Second , dolphins are mammals , and they breathe through lungs , not gills . Hemingway even keeps calling the dolphin a `` fish '' , a blunder of monstrous proportions.The scene with the dolphin also brings me to my biggest problem with this story
 So boring , just awful . Is Hemingway a good writer ? Really ? This is the only book I 've read by Hemingway , it 's got numerous tense problems , typos and dull repetitions , dialogue about baseball that goes on and on and on . It reads as though Hemingway got very drunk one night and started writing on a tangent -LRB- Which I 've since been told is something that he did often -RRB- . I would n't mind if I could find some significance or a point in it , at least a relevant point , but there is n't one , nothing that ca n't be summed up in a sentence , or perhaps a two or three page story . All I can imagine is that the legacy of the book is one of those stupid ` word of mouth ' things , where some reviewers and teachers said it was marvelous , so everybody else agreed due to fear of going against the crowd . It 's boring and very dull to read . I 've read much longer books in a much shorter period of time , because it 's just ... so ... boring . When it was finished I was so angry and disappointed that I nearly threw the book at the wall -LRB- Which I might have done if I was n't on a plane . -RRB- It felt like a severe waste of life .
 An old man and his friend are fisherman . Without any luck for so long , Santiago catches a fish . He likes to be alone and talks to himself . I wound not recommend this book to anyone . It is very boring . The part I hated the most was when he was out to sea . I am not finished with this book , but my mind probably want change about it .
 Despite being tightly composed in the stripped-back , High WASP style for which he is renowned , Ernest Hemingway 's novella , ` The Old Man and the Sea ' -LRB- 1952 -RRB- remains an essentially sentimental story of little actual substance.The simple plot conveys how Santiago , an elderly , somewhat isolated Cuban fisherman , goes to sea alone in a small boat , vaguely hoping for a one last spectacular catch to justify his past to himself and glorify his reputation throughout his community . He successfully hooks , struggles with , and harpoons a magnificent eighteen-foot marlin over the course of a long day , but slowly loses its carcass to marauding sharks while returning to shore . During the capture and after , Santiago has doubts about the wisdom of killing the animal , with whom he identifies.Once at sea , with the exception of a hurricane , the faux-sensitive Santiago predictably encounters every problem imaginable , from hunger and exhaustion to cramps in his hands , a fact which lends a pronounced and unintentional note of parody to the text.Nor is ` The Old Man and the Sea ' particularly dramatic , stirring , or evocative , and the relationship between Santiago and his admiring young friend , Manolin , frequently borders on the maudlin . While Hemingway probably had every intention of portraying the impoverished Cuban fishing community with dignity , the text is often as patronizing as it is respectful.Some readers may find themselves howling with derisive laughter when Santiago and Manolin discuss baseball via such unintentionally hilarious sentances as `` I fear both the Tigers of Detroit and the Indians of Cleveland '' and that which follows it , `` Be careful or you will fear even the Reds of Cincinnati and the White Sox of Chicago . `` Passages such as that in which the fisherman recalls his participation in a twenty-four hour arm wrestling match are unconvincing on every level , and the old man 's philosophical attempts to come to terms with life , aging , and mortality simply do n't ring as deeply as Hemingway probably believed.Best taken as a topical meditation on human existence , ` The Old Man and the Sea ' is a competent but pedestrian work with little to convey beyond the literal and very modest story it tells .
 I rebelled against my honors English reading list in high school . As a result , I 'm not well versed in the American `` classic '' novels . You know , the stuff that practically everyone has read or had an assignment on at some point in their academic careers . In an effort to familiarize myself with America 's prize fiction , I obtained a list of all the past Pulitzer Prize winning novels and decided I 'd slowly get up to speed on the classics . Well , perhaps I 'll have to start with the most recent novels and work my way backward -LRB- thanks for the suggestion Amanda ! -RRB- because this early Pulitzer winner did not interest this reader at all . Although a short piece , I struggled to get to the middle of the book , then just gave up . I found neither the story nor the characters interesting . The writing seems uninspired and remote . After reading half the book I 'd like to think that I would have developed some sense of closeness and/or fondness for the story/characters but it did n't happen.If novels are a reflection of the time in which they are written , then this sterilized 1950 's publication is well suited for the period . I fail to see the literary merit in this novel . If you can pick this book up for under two dollars -LRB- as I did -RRB- give it try . It 's not worth its retail value .
 This book is terrible . It has no main point , confusing , irritating , and stupid . Do n't read this weird book , trust me . Ernest does n't deseve a nobel prize . Listen to me OK ?! What is this book , it is so crazy and I wont even call it a book . This book is nothing !
 A Boring BookErnest Hemmingway has a very unique writing style . He has bland word choice and his stories move slowly , it almost seems like he is trying to make the reader fall asleep . These descriptions of his writing are shown quite a bit in The Old Man and The Sea . The Old Man and The Sea is a boring book!Bland word choice fills the pages of The Old Man and The Sea . For example , `` Eat them good now and then there is the tuna . '' Hemmingway lacks the words to catch the reader 's attention . This causes the reader to get tired of the story and drift into other thoughts . For instance , `` But I will kill you dead before this day ends . '' That sentence is filled with clutter . Hemmingway made that sentence complicated . Simplifying the sentence would make it easier to understand . If Hemmingway used less clutter in the book the number of pages would be cut in half.The Old Man and The Sea is a highly predictable book . The Old Man and The Sea lets the reader always see what is going to happen next in the book . In addition , `` The shark was not an accident . '' Throughout the entire story the readers have a sense that what is happening to Santiago is too good to be true . Do n't watch the biography of Ernest Hemmingway before reading The Old Man and The Sea . The show gives away the ending of the story . That is no loss because there was no suspense in the book anyway . When you already know the ending of a story it ruins the rest of the book.To sum it all up , `` The old Man was dreaming about the lions . '' The ending was the same as what happened early in the book . Hemmingway 's writing style in The Old Man and The Sea was very predictable and contained bland word choice and clutter . The Old Man and The Sea was a very boring book !
 I respect Hemmingway in the fact that he was a very good writer , but I just did n't like this book . The plot was very boring , and all of the `` deep insights '' the book suposidly had ment nothing to me . I think reading it was an utter waste of time .
 An old man goes out to sea and beats and abuses and kills all these different sea creatures for days ... What a masterpiece !!! I wanted the old -LSB- ... -RSB- to fall out of the boat and get eaten by sharks ...
 i had to read this book as a summer reading requirement.it was a quick read but it could have defenitly been shortened a bit .
 ... Page after page of predictable events leave much to be desired by a reader . When a book wins the Pulitzer Prize , I would expect it to be more detailed and interesting . When I sit down to read a book , I want it to be something that catches my eye , not something that bores me to death from the minute that I begin . The Old Man and the Sea , written by Ernest Hemmingway , is an uncaptivating story lacking details and excitement.With an ongoing plot of persistence Santiago faces his unexpected fate . For example , Santiago , who has n't caught a fish in eighty-five days , is confident and keeps trying . Santiago 's fish seems to never come . He never gives up , knowing it will work out in the end . When he finally gets his fish , there seems to be a barrier keeping him from his prize . Furthermore , Santiago 's fate of persistence does not turn out how he planned . He expects to bring in this glorious fish , but little does he know that fate is trying to stop him . Through the obstacles he faces , he finds that life is n't always how it is expected to be . Santiago 's persistence kept the book going , with the same lack of detail in everything that happened.Through Santiago 's persistence I can relate this story to my life , though I found it dull and boring . For instance , no matter what happened to Santiago , he stayed positive and persistent . There have been many times I have needed to be persistent to go on . Even if in the end it does n't turn out how you want it to and you feel as though you have failed . I , like Santiago , have found it is better to have failed trying then to just give up . Moreover , I found the story to be boring and definitely not a page turner . I was not looking forward to reading it , for the simple reason it did n't keep me interested . It seemed like the same events kept occurring and that I have read it before . The lack of details made it hard for me to stay hooked on each moment in this book . Even with relating this book to my life , I still dreaded what was to come next.The Old Man and the Sea is the first , and the last book that I plan to read by Ernest Hemmingway . I would not recommend this book to anyone unless they are looking for a book that would put them to sleep . Going through the book , only anticipating the end is not what I see as excitement . This book just leads to disappointment toward an award winning author with every page that is turned .
 I asked my classmates when I was in school to select the Hobbit as a reading assignment instead , but they insisted on The Old Man and the Sea because it was a few pages shorter and they were just a lazy bunch of semi-literates . I normally like the classics , whether 20th Century classics or Shakespear , Wilde , Dickens , Shelly , Lord Byron and so on . No one has to force me to read books by those authors . That is why I was surprised that I hated so much a book by such a highly regarded author , such as Hemmingway . The characters were just boring . I did n't care for teh old man or the kid . It seems that nothing really happens in the book . You could skip the entire middle part of it and end up with pretty much the same story . By the way , this is the only Hemmingway story that I have read so maybe he has some other better stuff . This book has , however , put me off him and I do n't expect to pick up another by him for the foreseable future , unless I get a really good recommendation .
 I must 've -LRB- literally -RRB- fallen asleep at least five times before making it through the first 50 pages ... the beginning is hard to get into , and basically a total drag ... once you get past that , however , it gets more interesting -LRB- although , by that time , you 're halfway through the book -RRB- . The end is incredibly disappointing , but has a lot of meaning to it . The entire book is filled with hidden meanings and allusions , but some are hard to catch . Overall , an okay book , but I certainly would n't label it as a classic .
 This book was boring because it said the same thing over and over . This book was about a old man Telling a story about a fish and nobody believed him and one day he cautch the fish he was telling everbody about and by the time he got to land he had nothing but bones .
 I agree that children who hate reading and doing book reports should not post their reviews on Amazon , because the kids are going to hate reading it anyway since it is an assignment . As an 18 year old book lover , I thought I would give this book a try . Nobody forced me to read it , I read it for my own enjoyment . I just did not find this book interesting . I kept thinking . . Santiago , let that fish go and row back to shore . Was it really worth all that trouble ? I gave this book two stars because the book had one or two genuine moments in it that inspired me , but I did not care for the story as a whole . The book left me disappointed , so I started reading `` A Brave New World '' . It is a much better book , in my opinion .
 I think this book is not for young people to read . It will become a borring book for them . Hemingway is a very good writer . In this book he makes the story too long .
 I ordered these books for a class project , was TOTALLY turned off by the cover which is a black and yellow mess , and then I noticed that the publisher had MISSPELLED his name !!!! It should be Ernest - NOT Earnest !!!!! Come on - REALLY ??????????????? Shipping these books back .
 First of all , I would n't recommend buying this edition of the book because they could n't even spell the author 's name correctly.Regarding the book itself , I remember dragging myself through the pages as a high school freshman and asking myself why I had to end up with the only teacher who chose The Old Man and the Sea over Of Mice and Men . I recognized the metaphors about life , but I did n't care because the story just was n't engaging . Eat raw dolphin , pee over the side of the boat , pull the fish . Rinse and repeat.I thought maybe re-reading it as an adult might change my perspective , but no . It 's still boring . I did n't even finish it this time . I do n't care what deeper message the story contains , I 'm not going to read it if I have to fight to stay awake . If you want to read a good book by Ernest Hemingway , try A Farewell to Arms .
 I know this will be a great story , but annoyed that the copy I got does not have the correct cover . The copy received is some sort of re-make cover that is black and yellow . I was hoping for the blue/white cover with the sea pictured as this item will be going into a fisherman 's library . I 'll probably have to buy again somewhere in-person to make sure I am getting correct cover .
 Hemingway ... Fish ... Personally , when I read this book , I felt a bit seasick . I love novels of colors and flavors , novels with variety and awkward sentences . The Old Man and the Sea would certainly get an 800 on the SAT II , but , well , Shakespeare would 've barely gotten the 200 for his name . Still not comprehending ? Once upon a time , in all of our lives , we have had to take a course titled `` grammar . '' If you enjoy simple sentences that get the point across quickly and bluntly , this book will by far exceed your greatest expectations . Hemingway is for the impatient readers . However , if you , like myself , love writing that is more poetic than 8th-grade-english-class , I would highly recommend reading a brief summary of the book and getting on with life .
 I being a 14 year old girl found this book very boring because it is about a fisherman catching a big fish . It also had no chapters so it just kept going on and on .
 I was under the impression from the seller 's description that the book was in better condition than it actually was/is . I found it interesting that there was a price -LRB- from obviously a yard sale or something of that nature -RRB- of `` 1.50 '' written in pencil on the inside cover ... congratulations , you made over a $ 35.00 profit with that sale .
 ... Is n't it great to be swept away into the thrill of the adventure in a story ? I love that too , but that 's not the experience I had when reading The Old Man and the Sea . Even this story 's title lacks excitement ! But the title really says it all . It 's about an old man ... on the sea . I was expecting a little more from a book that won an award . It 's not what I had anticipated . I was hoping to feel the sensation of the open sea snatch me away from the real world and drop me into a wet wonderland , but instead I ended up being taken to the land of slumber . The Old Man and the Sea needs more action.From reading this book , I have come to find that The Old Man and the Sea has no point . For instance , half the book 's dialogue is Santiago , the main character , talking to himself or the fish . A one sided conversation is like talking to a wall or in this case , it 's talking to a fish . Conversations are interesting because people get to express their opinions ; it 's boring to read about an old man rambling on about his problems . What makes a story exciting is the adventure the main character has . Additionally , while having those ` ' fish conversations '' Santiago is just sitting in a boat . While he bobs up and down on the waves like a log on the sea , not much action is taking place . This book lacks the intensity that is essential to keep readers hooked.Because I did not see the point of this story , I was not satisfied with The Old Man and the Sea . There is no stimulation when reading this book . The thrill of a book is like frosting on a cake , it 's what makes it so good ! For example , when I got to the middle of the story , I almost fell asleep ! Additionally , I never felt a connection with any of the characters . It 's important to know the characters to understand how they feel in different situations . If the readers ca n't make a connection then it 's like being excluded from a group.I would n't recommend this book to any one who likes to actually stay awake when reading . This book was very bland and boring . The reason for reading is to experience things you ca n't otherwise do in your own life . People know what it 's like to be board . The Old Man and the Sea just is n't anything new .
 Agonizing . This describes my emotions while reading Ernest Hemmingway 's The Old Man and the Sea . Although it was awarded the Pulitzer Prize , it reeks with dreadful writing . The protagonist is Santiago , an old , unlucky fisherman . After suffering through over 80 days without a catch , he captures the largest fish on record . It becomes a great struggle to make it home with the fish and his life . A simple story it is , but not nearly as simple as Santiago 's character . Not to mention the dreadful manner in which the book was written . The Old Man and the Sea is a plain book , especially with the old man as the main character.Hemmingway did n't invent any complex characters ; nor did he create an original one . Most men have several attributes and flaws that make them who they are , but this is n't evident in the Hemmingway tale . For instance , Santiago spends the majority of his time fishing and he does this near flawlessly . A character needs to be more complex . No man is perfect and no man spends all of his time doing one thing . Likewise , Ernest Hemmingway was a fisherman himself . He did n't produce his own unique character . He only borrowed some aspects of his own life and threw them upon Santiago . Therefore , Santiago is a basic version of Hemmingway . His writing demonstrates the same simplicity.The so-called style of The Old Man and the Sea is merely a poor model of exceptional literature . Through the words of Hemmingway , I am left uninspired and my imagination is not satisfied . For example , a sentence from his book reads , `` It is strange '' -LRB- 84 -RRB- . Believe it or not , this is an entire sentence from the book . Reading this is like staring at a blank wall . There is no creativity present and it leaves a person feeling like the wall ... empty . On top of that lackluster sentence , the book uses little figurative language . All decent works are coated with artistic similes , metaphors , hyperboles , and personifications . In Hemmingway 's novel , finding such writing is like looking for Waldo in a sea of red and white stripes . All in all , nothing inventive was used when composing The Old Man and the Sea.One would expect a Pulitzer Prize winning story to be a fascinating account , bursting with creativity . However , The Old Man and the Sea is better suited as an inadequate example of literature . Considering a horrible lead character and the dull manner of the book , Hemmingway does not deserve such a great honor for such a bad book . On the next visit to the library , make sure The Old Man and the Sea is as far away as possible .
 The review of The Old Man and the SeaErnest Hemmingway is a great author but he is a little slow . He used his characters quite a bit , almost too much ; it made the book drag on and on and on . But he also showed his emotions very well , you could tell that he had experienced fishing before . The Old Man and the Sea is a vivid yet boring book that has a good story.I did n't like this book because of how Hemmingway had Santiago talk so much , and the book had no action . For example , the entire book was Santiago talking to himself , this kept me from getting into the book . If he explained more about the conflict or added action , the book could have been a great one . I do n't think Hemmingway could have written a more boring story . In addition , there was no action up until the end , before it 's just Santiago speaking to himself . If Hemmingway had a good rising action in this book it could have been a more exciting book because you anticipate the ending . It also seemed like Santiago kept repeating the same exact schedule making me want to put the book down . Because the book was fairly boring not too many people would get into the book and know what they read 5 minutes ago.Hemmingway also used a lot of detail making you feel inside the book along with a lot of info . For instance , every fact Santiago states Hemmingway gave you a descriptive and good explanation to it . I think this may have helped the book out by creating a good picture in your head . Along with giving you a lot of information so you can predict what will happen next . Additionally , Hemmingway made you feel you could feel what Santiago feels . With all of the detail and descriptive wording it gave you a touch of emotion and a feeling that Santiago may be feeling . Also Ernest let you know he knew what he was talking about by giving you so much information . For these reasons I would recommend this book to adults and not children.If Hemmingway did n't use Santiago as a source of speaking so much this book could have been great . Because he did and I would n't recommend this book to many people except for adults . Though , I did like how he showed his emotions through his writing making the reader feel involved . All in all this entire book is n't for kids and it is n't for someone who wants action or a good story to pump them up , it 's for someone who is very emotional and likes slow stories .
 The Old Man and the SeaAn old man goes on an exciting adventure of catching a marlin . The book , The Old Man and the Sea had a good plot but did n't have any good details to keep you interested in the story . I found myself dozing off while trying to read this book . Hemingway does do a good job at connecting the main character -LRB- Santiago -RRB- to himself.Overall the book is a good story but lacking in interesting details which would have made the book a lot better.Hemingway 's writing style is good for adults and old people , but most kids would not find this book enjoyable . However , he uses simple words to make his book easy to read -LRB- about a 6th grade reading level -RRB- . It also seems like hes got massive run on sentences that go on forever . His word choice is boring and puts me to sleep , for example
 Ernest Hemingway 's Old man and the sea ; a Pulitzer prize winning story about an old fisherman named Santiago , a large fish named Fish , and a four-day struggle that ended badly . Sounds romantic does n't it ? Well , not to me . Maybe it 's because I 'm a high school junior . Maybe it 's because I was forced to read it . But I did not think this story good enough to be even considered for the Pulitzer let alone win the prize.Ernest Hemingway 's style of writing is boring , tedious , and repetitive . And this story was no exception . From beginning to end it was one depressing trial to another . When Santiago was not in some type of pain -LRB- emotional as well as physical -RRB- such as when he got a rope burn when the fish got a sudden burst of speed . he was remembering some type of almost surreal memories that might have added to the story if they had anything to do with it . This shows that hemmingway 's style of writing may have reflected his life . In an A&E ; documentary about his life we were shown that he had several wives . I believe that the fish symbolized the wives that he lost by the plain fact that Santiago struggled for so long and when he caught the fish he only lost it to sharks.The four day struggle between the old man and the old fish was hard for both of them , but when the sharks came was harder on the fish . Ripping the very flesh off his cold , dead , lifeless carcass until the fish was nothing but a skeleton . I find that while I do feel sorry for Santiago who fished for eighty-four days straight without caching any fish , and then struggled for another four days with one fish only to loose it to sharks in the end , I am the most sympathetic towards the fish . The Fish was just living at the bottom of the sea when he got hooked after trying to find a bite to eat . If I were the fish I would have taken him into the Bermuda triangle or something like that , not just dragging him around until I died in vain.So , I would not read this book if I had a choice . But , since I do n't , I would say that this book is perfect if I was living in the time of the story . But since I am not I feel that I should warn this reader that this book is a perfect flop .
 If you are an average Joe looking for a good book to read , this is not for you . I found this book to be repetitive and everything is always linked to something else . It seems to drag on with descriptions and may seem as if it could be written in a few pages . If you are the a literature junky , the type that can not get enough symbolism and loves to sit around and analyze stories trying to find a hidden meaning this book will delight you , but if you want a book with suspense , mystery and a decent ending stay away .
 `` The Old Man and the Sea '' should be changed to `` The Old Man and the Snore . '' This book does n't even deserve 1 star . Symbolism is flowing faster than a faucet in this book , so be prepared . Read this book when you are wide-awake , as you may fall asleep when the Old Man is talking to himself , when he is alone at sea . Again , this is another book I do not understand why is required reading in high school , as I got nothing out of it but a good nap . I do not recommend .
 The Old Man and the Sea ReviewUnclear and confusing . These words describe The Old Man and the Sea . It is about an old man , Santiago , who likes to fish . He has n't caught a fish in 84 days and is very disappointed . He goes out to sea and hooks a Marlin , but runs into trouble . This book uses unfamiliar words and it leaves you lost.The Old Man and the Sea is unclear in the writing . For example , `` Bad luck to your mother '' is just one of the fragments Ernest Hemingway uses . Fragments leave the reader with an incomplete thought . An author should know not to use fragments in their writing . Authors should also know not to use unfamiliar words . For instance , Hemingway uses the Spanish word `` Galanas '' . He does n't give a definition or any clue of what the word might mean . A well written book should n't use undefined or unusual words . His writing was unclear , but the whole story was puzzling.The overall book was confusing . For example , the ending leaves the reader lost . I was n't able to tell what the protagonist was felling . It left the reader hanging there . In addition , The Old Man and the Sea has no adventure . I do n't enjoy fishing or reading about it . Catching a fish does n't catch my attention ! The entire book was confusing and boring.The Old Man and the Sea was unclear and confusing . It left the reader lost or - with an incomplete thought . The ending ought to be more appealing and adventurous . I would not recommend this book to someone who likes depressing , timid books , because that 's what The Old Man and the Sea is .
 When I found out I had to read this book for school I was actually pretty happy ! It only has about 150 pages ! but then before I sarted reading it my friend say the book in my poseesion and siad , `` That book is the esence of the devil ! '' I was like - yea , sure it ca n't be THAT bad ! Boy , was i wrong !! I -LRB- usually -RRB- am a super - fast reader ! a 400 page novel MAY take me 2 days if its good but Old Man and the Sea took me over a month ! I put it on my chair in my bedroom and left it there ! I would read it at 12 ot night just to make me tired ! At least it was good for something ! So - unless you ca n't get yourself to sleep at night - DONT READ THIS BORING BOOK ! ...
 The book that I read was the Old Man and the Sea . This book is a novel written by Ernest Hemingway.The conflict is the old man struggling with the fish , the climax is sharks eat the fish , and it is resolved when the man gets home.The major character in this book was the old man . His name was Santiago . He was an old , weathered fisherman who was skinny and not very attractive to look at . He was always very determined and very strong . He never gave up hope and he always saw the good in things . He did n't have many friends ; in fact , he only had one - the boy . Others thought that he was a stupid old man because he usually did n't catch anything and he was very poor . Over the course of the novel , he changes in the way that he realizes that people are n't always lucky , and that sometimes you just ca n't win.The theme of this book was that you will get defeated , but do n't give up hope.I personally did n't care for this book . It was very boring and uneventful . It did , however , make me feel some emotion - I felt very sorry for the fisherman - so it did get me into the book in that way . Other than that , thought , I did not like this book .
 The book is based on one fishing trip in the middle of nowhere with an old man and a giant marlin . The only inspiring thing about this book is the old man 's ability to stay strong enough to capture the marlin . Other than that , this book was so , so boring . First of all , why did n't they just summarize those three days with a couple of pages . Instead , I was forced to read an endless amount of pages that seemed to get longer about him catching and losing his prize fish/trophy . What 's the point ? He was already poor , and now he 's lost one of the most important things to happen to him . It was a lost phenomenon . I would have cryed and jumped off the boat if I had been the odl man . That 's how depressing this book is . You ca n't help but feel sympathetic when you read this book . This book does n't teach any morals or writing skills ; it teaches us to avoid reading anything by Hemingway . Even though Hemingway was praised for this novella , I question `` what is true literature . ''
 i had to read this for english class a few years back ... yuck . this was probably one of the most boring , simple books i 've ever read ... i realize hemingway writes very simply but jeez ... here 's the plot ... this old man goes out into the sea with a dinky little boat ... he fishes ... and fishes ... and fishes ... and fishes ... then some sharks come . . he fights them . . they come again ... and again ... and eat what he has caught ... and then ... here 's the climax ... he goes home ... Zzzzzzzz
 Have you ever watched anyone fish ? Pretty boring , is n't it ? Well , just imagine how much more boring it would be to read about somebody else fishing . That should give you a sense of how mind-numbing an experience it is to read `` The Old Man and the Sea . '' I am not ignorant of its deep religious symbolism . It is certainly a profound story , but it also happens to be a very dull one .
 Out of the mind of an author so famed and prestigious comes the story of a fisherman who goes out to catch fish . That 's all this story contains within its pages , in the literal sense . A man who has n't caught fish in a long time goes out to catch fish and then comes home.But what 's even worse than the long stretches of endless detail and description and the old man talking to himself and to his left hand and to the sea and to a fish and to the dolphin and te tuna is the overpowering sense of symbolism . We are taught that the man is a symbol for Jesus Christ and that the Sea is God and that `` The Old Man and The Sea '' is a parallel story to that of Jesus . In the end , Santiago -LRB- the main character -RRB- hauls his mast up the hill in likeness to Christ bearing the Cross . It almost seems as if Hemingway wrote this book specifically to call to mind the story of Jesus . But I do n't remember the story of Jesus ever being this boring , this drawn-out , and this underhandedly self-righteous . This book is definitely not an adventure book , and that 's fine , people often look for a book that is not action packed and filled with good/bad warring against each other . But this book barely even qualifies for a thought provoking novella . It is one of the worst books I have ever read .
 Some people think of Ernest Hemingway as an outstanding writer of great imagination and creativity . But I think the exact opposite . I find his writing very dull and confusing . That 's why I am simply puzzled at knowing that this book won the Pulitzer Prize.Fishing is not what most people would like to read about , even though that is the plot of the book . The main character , Santiago , is considered an unlucky fisherman . His Salaoness -LRB- is what they call it -RRB- has made him not catch a fish for 84 straight days ! He does not want to live life like that so he decides to set out on a journey . A journey that he will never forget and never give up on . That 's why this brings me to something that I can relate to . Persistence is the main key word here . Santiago does n't give up when he ca n't catch a fish . I can relate to that on many ways because I am also a very persistent person ! If I give up at something I will regret it for a very long time!Speaking of regretting , I regret reading this book ! It was n't a book that I enjoyed . Its dullness really made it hard to concentrate . It was hard to follow and confusing to read . I feel that the author should have made the plot more exciting and have some more adventure in it . That 's why I would n't recommend this book to anyone who has a lower level of reading . I would say that a person from the ages of 14 or above would do well reading this . It uses larger words which would make it a little hard for younger readers to comprehend.The book The Old Man and the Sea was a very unusual book . It was many mysteries that you will have to find out when you read it . I am sure that anyone interested in this topic would enjoy it a lot ! So get on your marks , get set , and read !
 The Old Man and the Sea Book ReviewZZZZ ... That was the sound I heard when my class read the book , The Old Man and the Sea . I found it to be boring and not suspenseful . Also , I think Ernest Hemingway intended his book for older readers and I feel the ending needs something more . All in all I did not like The Old Man and the Sea.The book was not interesting and suspense is much needed . For example , `` The myriad flecks of the plankton were annulled now by the high sun and it was only the great deep prisms in the blue water that the old man saw now with his lines going straight down into the water that was a mile deep . '' -LRB- 40 -RRB- This quote and many others like it made me yawn uncontrollably . Interesting books do n't make readers yawn . In addition to being boring it did n't leave me wanting more . For instance , `` It was quite light and any moment now the sun would rise . '' -LRB- 32 -RRB- Where is the suspense ? All stories need suspense to keep the reader involved . A good book is a book a reader does n't want to put down . Therefore the book is not one I would recommend to others.The Old Man and the Sea was intended for older audiences and the ending needs to have some changes . For example , Santiago is at sea and then BAM he is home again , the end . The ending needs more content and it ought to explain what happens after Santiago returns . It leaves the reader wondering and lost . Also , the tone of this book was n't written for junior high students to read . The book is sophisticated and most teenagers today are not into such sophisticated writing . I being a teenage reader makes me of all people understand this . In conclusion , most teenagers are not interested in this book and the ending needs to have some changes made.Even though Ernest Hemingway is one of the great American writers of all time this book is not one of his best . I found The Old Man and the Sea to be boring , without suspense , written for an older audience , and the ending needs to be different . In my opinion I did n't like The Old Man and the Sea .
 The Old Man and the Sea Book reviewThe Old Man and the Sea , to me the mention of its name makes me want to fall asleep . In my own opinion The Old Man and the Sea by Ernest Hemingway was a book that lacks suspense and voice from the author . For example `` He settled comfortably against the wood and took his suffering as it came and the fish swam steadily and the boat moved slowly through the dark water -LRB- pg64 -RRB- . This piece of writhing does n't keep my attention and I do n't feel the need to keep reading to see what happens in the story.The material is to general and the author 's voice barely comes through in his writing . For instance `` The myriad flecks of the plankton were annulled now by the high sun and it was only the great deep prisms in the blue water that the old man saw now with his lines going straight down into the water that was a mile deep '' -LRB- pg40 -RRB- sentences seem to go on forever and they still do not show a strong voice from the author . The reader ca n't tell who is writing because the author 's style is n't shown in his work.I believe that even though Hemingway was a great author of his time this particular piece of writhing is not up to his usual high standards that the average reader comes to expect . All in all I found the book to general and I think it needs more good details and voice from the author .
 Boring ... Repetitive ... Predictable ... These are just a few words that describe Ernest Hemmingway 's novel , The Old Man and the Sea . With each turn of the page , the book worsens . The plot of the book is solid , yet it is lacking the details , originality , and emotion to be a great story.The Old Man and the Sea is just a dull tale of man vs. fate . For example , Santiago is very persistent in fishing , yet he does not catch a fish in 87 days . No matter how hard Santiago tries , he ca n't catch a fish . There is an obstacle in his way that he can not overcome - fate . Furthermore , fate also stands in Santiago 's way when he finally catches the fish of his dreams . After he catches the fish , problems arise that are out of his control . Even though Santiago might have deserved this fish , fate took it away from him . There are two major themes in this book - fate and luck , neither which are very kind to Santiago.With a predictable ending and dull dialogue , The Old Man and the Sea is painful to read . For instance , the ending of the book is not only predictable , but so are the pages that lead up to it . I found myself in agony as I turned each page for I knew it would be the same repetitive dialogue . As I neared the ending , I knew what was going to happen and did n't feel a need to finish the book . In addition to the predictable ending , this book is also painful to read because of the short , choppy sentences that dominate most of the story . With this writing style that Ernest Hemmingway models , I do not see how it is possible for anyone to like this book . I would not recommend The Old Man and the Sea to anyone . This book should not have won any awards . It 's too short , too simple , and just too boring.The Old Man and the Sea is not a quality read . The only thing this book is good for is for English classes to read . I have n't read any other works of Hemmingway , and I do n't plan to . I lost all interest in his writing while reading this book . The Old Man and the Sea was a waste of my time .
 Yes , this book has lots of symbolizm . Yes it has universal themes . Yes , Hemingway employs a great use of symbolism . Yes his sentences are short and he uses simple , easy to understand vocabulary . BUT this is one of the most boring books I have ever read !!! Hello ! The guy sits in a boat in the middle of the ocean for a hundred pages trying to get a fish . If you love fish or just happen to love any book you read , then you 'll love this book . However , I , personally , was not fanscinated . Had the book not been required for my Honors English class summer reading list , I would n't have finished it . I gave this books two stars because I realize it had deeper meanings and so forth , plus , thankfully , Hemingway spared us and kept the book fairly short -LRB- as opposed to some boring books that are 400 pages -RRB- but on a surface level it was an unbearably drawn out book about a fish .
 The book was n't too long , in fact , it was incredibly short . And while it is full of symbolism that a person may not catch in the first read , it still was n't worth it . I 'm not a person that hates reading books , in fact , I enjoy it , but when I read this one , it was a struggle to continue reading . I did not find it too enjoyable , and I doubt if any people who do not enjoy reading/fishing/symbolism are going to really want to pick this one up .
 Okay , so I was forced , by way of caring about my grades at the point , into reading this book for freshman HS English class . Ten years and some 3,500 showers later , I still ca n't get the stink of this fish off me . I promise you , I still have fits when I see it on bookstore shelves . The only redeeming quality about this book is Unca Ernie 's name on the cover -LRB- although , being in the middle of `` The Sun Also Rises '' at the moment , I 'm not sure that qualifies as redeeming , at that -RRB- . Sure , it 's different , it 's simple , it 's simply brimming over with symbolism . But in my opinion , this is the sort of symbolism writers use when they do n't really have anything to say . Yeah , Jesus , the cross , whatever -- we know the story , thanks . You can only read so much about how the moon is the brother of the fish and the lion is the brother of the man and the lion is also the brother of the moon and therefore the man is the brother of the fish and therefore Donnie Osmond is the brother of Marie Osmond before you want to stick your head through a plate glass window and slice your jugular open on a shard . As a matter of fact , I have a suspicion that shame over writing this book is the reason Hemingway killed himself . I speak three languages , and none of them have negative words strong enough for how I feel about this book . Would I be writing a review ten years after the fact if I did n't have strong feelings ? As a last note , I do not tell friends to avoid this book , I encourage them to read it -LRB- but just checking it out at the library , do n't give the sods anymore money ! -RRB- , because the utter badness of this book truly has to be experienced to be believed .
 I read this book with great expectations . Hemingway has been billed as `` one of the greatest writers of the 20th century '' ! I figured it must be good , to have so much publicity . I was wrong.The book starts out in Havana , where a poor old man lives . He fishes for a living and has not caught a fish in a while . He knows that he is near the end of his life . He knows a boy who comes over often , but ca n't fish with him anymore . The old man decides to embark on a fishing trip.Once this happens , the pages drag on . And on . The grammar is supposed to be `` cutting edge '' and `` of powerful simplicity , '' but it 's really just incorrect . Call me a stickler , but in the end it 's plain annoying.After a hundred pages of time at sea -LRB- with not one interesting page -RRB- , the man returns with no fish . Oh , what great writing ? No , just a boring `` novella . ''
 Ernest Hemingway , in my opinion , is very over-rated . I know he 's one of the greats but I 'm just not fond of his style . He gets pretentiously romanticized in such films as City of Angels but I simply do n't like him . I am sorry , I just do n't . His writing style is harsh and obsessed with physical strengths and pretty much macho ' I must prove I 'm a man Grrrrr ! Fear my manliness ! ' content.I do n't really feel the depth to his writing that others claim to feel and see . I can find it in Victor Hugo , Dickens , Wilde , and many others but not here , not with Hemingway ... I am an avid reader and book collector . I love literature in general . I love books . I have always loved books but when I was tenth grade back in 1996 or so -LRB- I 'm twenty eight now -RRB- my literature class was made to read The Old Man and the Sea . In my opinion this is the one book to choose if you WANT to make a book lover lose interest in books.Imagine , if you will , spending your entire teenagehood trying to tell other teeangers that books are wonderful . They take you on adventures and you meet fascinating characters who do incredible things . And then you 're handed this book.An old man goes out on a boat and struggles with a really large fish for several days just to prove himself to himself . It 's dull and tedious . To me it felt like self-justified egotism and an inferiority complex manifested in a story of a man proving his manliness by catching a large fish . It bored me.To me it felt as if Hemingway was insecure with his sense of being a masculine being , of being someone with purpose . He seemed that he always had to prove his own worth to himself and people had to prove their worth to him and it 's reflected in his writing.I was told that Hemingway killed himself because he knew he was developing arthritis in his hands , this seems to reflect what I suspected of his personality already , a deep-seeded insecurity , self-consciousness and doubt of self-worth that he thought that he was of no worth to the world if his hands did n't function properly for his writing . He died in an era where recording your voice or dictating your story to someone else was fully possible . To me his suicide just proved the insecurity I noticed reflected in his ` Prove yoruself ' droning prose that is The Old Man and the Sea . Yes , it 's sad that he did that to himself but at the same time it showed the mindset that I disagree with and noticed in The Old Man and The Sea.I know there will be many who disagree with me but I do not like Hemingway 's writing style . It reminds me of Jack London and I am not really a fan of Jack London either . Though I love stories about wolves , Jack London 's knowledge of wolf behaviour is questionable at best . He did n't even realize wolves could bark or that they mate for life ! And London 's writing has that same macho ` prove your manliness ' quality to it that makes the writing feel harsh and at certain points surprisingly shallow and insecure.The Old Man and the Sea personifies for me everything young readers usually resent about classic literature . It was unrelatable , anti-climatic , long winded , and all-together-lacking . I felt no sympathy for the hero . I did n't understand why he felt he had to catch the fish in order to be satisfied with who he was . And the lack of other characters , interaction , external antagonists or antagonism -LRB- aside from the fish -RRB- made it dull . I say this as someone who loves the intricacy of Victor Hugo 's Les Miserables and the wit of Oscar Wilde 's The Picture of Dorian Gray . I do NOT like Hemingway.I think schools make a big mistake in picking this novel for literature classes for young readers . It does n't inspire interest in reading . I may cause students to lose interest in reading instead . It 's the complete opposite of what 's required to inspire young minds eager for adventure , drama and fantasy.I like good characterization and social interaction in my stories . I like tangible antagonists and more than two settings , I like my stories to have a littlle ... more .
 I hate fish this book was written about fish . This was torture to read .
 It would be easy to think that `` The Old Man and the Sea '' is boring , and you would be right . The book tries to portray some good themes , but lacks enthusiasm and a page turning plot . Most of the plot is predictable and lacking of life like characters . This book is one of the worst I have ever read.The story has some good themes , such as survival and persistence , but needs work on the plot and the tone . The plot was basic , following a strict pattern that would be expected of lesser authors . There were hardly any twists in the plot to excite the reader . This is due to the poor foreshadowing , `` he had n't caught a fish in 85 days ... '' the entire story was predictable . The only turn in the plot came at the end near what might have been considered the climax , when the sharks played a big role in the ending . There is a very monotone feeling about the book . None of the characters show much emotion . Even for a senile old man , he should have at least shown some emotion at being dragged out to sea . During the entire story , there was no sense of urgency . The story seemed more focused on delivering the message then telling a colorful story . In general , `` The Old Man and the Sea , '' needed more work on developing emotional characters and creating a plot that would keep the reader interested.Ernest Hemingway did n't seem to put any research into his story . Some of the actions are n't very realistic . Holding onto a 17 foot fish in a dingy is not possible . I have gone fishing for large fish before , and fighting a four foot fish for an hour can make even the strongest man give up . There is no way a decrepit old man could keep a 17 foot marlin on his line for even 15 minutes . He would be pulled into the water . The whole tone was n't very realistic . The only time there is any enthusiasm in the story is when the sharks attack the fish . Sharks the size described would be able to put a hole in the side of the book . A person could get more action fishing on a lake . This book lacks in realism and anyone who has gone deep sea fishing can easily see that . `` The Old Man and the Sea '' is a quick read but not even worth the time . If you 're just after themes , this book might appeal to you , but if you want anything more , look elsewhere . Anyone who has signed on for a charter boat can tell Hemingway did n't put much thought into the technicalities of the book .
 Hemingway apes `` Moby Dick , '' recasting Ahab as a `` black sheep '' shaman who constantly yearns for his overly emotional boy slave and has self-destructive tendencies he takes out on his loved ones and those who seek to possess said loved ones . Everything is emptiness , like brainpans fried away , ornaments without luster.At least Idaho Spud keeps his aimless ramblings brief , unlike the constipated `` A Moveable Feast , '' in which Papa Longstocking trained a spotlight on the mundanity of social hour at the writers guild .
 I thought this book was pointless and had no meaning to it . All its about is some guy who goes out on a boat and chases a fish around for three days . When he finally returns home he doesnt even have any of the fish left because they got eaten by sharks on the way home . I dont reccomend this book unless you have a book report and want to read a short book .
 Are you thinking about reading The Old Man and the Sea ? Stop , right now . The Old Man and the Sea is at best very bad due to the poor plot , minor action , and boring characters.The plot was boring and actionless . For example , only two things really happen throughout this whole book . The Old Man is completely insane , all through the book he talks to his hand trying to make it uncramp and if that is not crazy I do n't know what is . Now the second thing that happens is the shark attack . When it attacks it is the most exciting part in the book , but if I was to say how good the scene was I would have to say only mediocre at best . Also throughout the book it is all one setting . I do n't know about you but sitting through a whole book with just the ocean for a setting is boring . To say the least he could have improved on the plot and setting a lot.As for the characters in this book , Oh , excuse me character as to that he was quite dull and not to bright either . For instance , the Old Man is always thinking about baseball and fishing and how he thinks everyone will think he is crazy nothing else . Being very one-sided like that the Old Man makes for a bad main character . The Old Man could have been made handsome , like myself , so he did n't have to be smart . He is also very simple minded he says he was put on earth to fish and nothing else . I myself would prefer a more multi faceted person . And if not that at least have more than one character . So the Old Man and the Seas lack of characters and the dullness and the simplicity of the character he does have does not help the book at all.So in conclusion , it 's a very bad book and if the previous paragraphs did not prove it go ahead and read it , I do n't care if you suffer . Also keep this in mind If I were to rate this on a scale of 1to 1000 One thousand being the best I would give it a one .
 There are many books out in the world that have been awarded for excellence . The Old Man and the Sea sadly was sung to the high heavens as Hemmingway 's best work ever . I do n't believe I would want to read his other books if that is the case . With a writing style so boring , The Old Man and the Sea is n't deserving of the Pulitzer Prize or even positive praise.The plot of the story aggresses slowly with predictable outcomes . For instance the `` action '' in the book happens so rarely and slowly . The day spent on the skiff is prolonged so much that it seems like weeks . Since it takes so long for the events to take place , the reader loses interest . In addition to the slow action the event , if noticeable , are foreshadowed well before . Because the main events take so long to happen , they are hard to notice due to the reader 's boredom . If the reader has managed to stay conscious , they are able to predict the outcome of each predicament , making the story even duller . The Old Man and the Sea does not deserve an award of any kind . The events are slow and the outcomes predictable . That makes for dull reading and an uninterested reader.I refuse to recommend this book unless it is changed to satisfy most readers . Because the book needs to be changed , it wo n't be interesting until it is . ... . The whole story , especially the ending , needs to be changed to make me read this book again . However , a small group of people might enjoy this book if it were recommended to them . People with extremely creative imaginations could actually find this book amusing . The only other person to enjoy it is a critic who was blackmailed a large sum on money to put in a good word . ... . The Old Man and the Sea doe not deserve the award and especially any praise . I 'd rather be stuck looking at teen magazines the read that book ever again.The Old Man and the Sea , as I 've been saying so much , dose not deserve any praise at all . Its lack of action and content is unbearable . I do not recommend Hemmingway 's `` best book ever '' at all and I 'm sure many people support my decision . The Old Man and the Sea can be translated into , Boring Depth of Nothingness .
 I found The Old Man and The Sea very boring . It lacks any real plot . It is exactly -LRB- and only -RRB- what it sounds like
 While this book was well written as far Hemingway 's style is concerned , I fail to comprehend the point of a man trying to catch a fish -LRB- which is what the book basically focus 's on -RRB- If you are looking for an easy fast read , and enjoy the sport of fishing , I would then go on to say yes , read it if you like . But if you want a comprehensive book ... this book is NOT for you .
 I had to read this for a project in school , and I thought that it was boring . It goes on and on in what I think is way too much detail . I was not able to keep my attention on the book for more than a couple pages , and I 'm not usually picky when it comes to books . I would not read or recommend this book to anyone .
 When I ordered it I had no idea it was so short -LRB- its only about 90 pages -RRB- . I read this book for school and it was n't bad , it was a good story , but I felt the book ended to fast , like the writer gave up at in end . ; -RRB-
 I 'm in 11th grade english right now and we just finished reading this book , and it just made me fall in sleep in class and when I read it on my time I just do n't even want to read it , because it is so boring , the begining was o.k but then when he 's cut the fish and goes for days , it just gets boring !!!
 I had to read this book for my honors english class and out of all of the books I 've ever read , it was the most boring book ever ! The constant struggle with the fish and all is not my idea of a good book .
 there are many great books in the world and this is not one of them try A FAREWELL TO ARMS instead thats a classic
 Hemingway 's The Old Man and the Sea has been given A LOT of praise since it was written . Given the task of reading a book by an American author for a high school english class , I decided to give it a whirl , with such publicity it must be worth the read , right ? After about 50 pages I came to the conclusion that it was one of the most boring books I had ever read . I guess I 'm just a sucker for rich detail , which Hemingway completely overlooks . addcaptivating ... it was just plain dull . Why the world calls this novella an essential work of American Literature I 'll never know .
 I thought the book went on forever and never stopped . I felt like I was reading a book a chid wrote and it dose n't make sense . All it does is talk about a dumb fish and just talks about it for hours
 While on vacation last month I let a friend borrow this book . I had brought it with me to read and had so many others to choose from I decided to let her dig in while I read elsewhere . When she handed the book back to me I asked her what she thought . Her response was the quote in my review title . She looked at me and said `` it 's just a story '' and at first I was n't sure if that was a good or a bad thing.Then I read the book , and I understood what she meant . ` The Old Man and the Sea ' is a very direct and literal story . There are no colorful details ; no deep elaborations . Instead , the book -LRB- if one can call it that -RRB- gets right to the point . While many find a more philosophical and meaningful depth to this classic tale , I found the dryness a tad overwhelming and the overall effect to be rather stagnant . Yes , ` The Old Man and the Sea ' is told in such a way that it loses impact . For me , it was just a story . It was the equivalent of sitting around the campfire and listening to your grandfather tell you , in an excruciatingly bland monotone , the story of that one fish he desperately tried to bring home.The story told is that of an old Cuban fisherman who ventures off for a fishing trip , catches himself a prize marlin and then battles with it , and the elements , in an attempt to prove his worth -LRB- to himself and doubters -RRB- by bringing it home . It is a simple story that could have used some life , but it just lays there and in the end failed to move me much at all . When I explained this to another friend they simply said , `` well , I found it very ` Hemingway ' '' and then they shrugged and said `` so , what you just said '' . In other words ; apparently this dryness was his style . I have n't read other Hemingway , so I ca n't comment , but I 'm not entirely sure I 'm going to.You win some , you lose some.This lauded classic was lost on me , but this is solely my opinion and so is n't to be taken as the majority vote , since I seem to be highly outnumbered .
 Today I sat down and read `` The Old Man and the Sea '' by Ernest Hemingway . This was my first book by Hemingway , and I hated it . I plan on reading `` The Sun Also Rises , '' and `` Farewell to Arms , '' but if this book is a sign of things to come , I cringe thinking how I may waste precious time better spent on better books . This book was so wordy for such a nothing story . I know for many I 've just become a heretic but this book is dreadfully boring . I had rather high expectations about this piece , as a good friend of mine has talked it up . I was sorely disappointed.Not having read Hemingway , I had an uninformed reverence for his writings ; he 's been mystified to a great degree . `` The Old Man and the Sea '' is relentless in its repetition , and I never felt an affinity toward either of the two characters - the old man and the young boy -LRB- for whom the old man seems to have an inappropriate affection toward -RRB- . There are several types of authors
 There is no doubt that Ernest Hemingway 's `` The Old Man And The Sea '' is an incredible novella that everyone who loves great literature ought to own . My low score here has nothing to do with Hemingway - it has to do with the audio version spoken by Donald Sutherland . I 've listened to literally hundreds of audiobooks -LRB- my job both forces me and allows me to do so -RRB- - so to see this gem filled me with anticipation ! Hemingway 's brilliant tale of an old man suffering for relevance against time and mortality read by such an actor as Sutherland ought to have been outstanding - but Sutherland 's performance is so lacking in passion or even creativity that I took to the time out to write my thoughts here for any who are looking to purchase the audio version . Do n't do it - it 'll break your heart . Leave Sutherland on the stage and away from the studio - he has not the ability or the willingness to tell a story , especially one as this , like it should be . He drones on - monotone and listless , without differentiation between characters or even between dialogue and description . It 's three hours of somnambulistic regurgitation of a classic . That 's no way to honor Hemingway .
 The Old Man and the SeaIn the book The Old Man and the Sea had some very boring moments , but some of those moments were well made up for . It was written creatively but was very bland to myself as a reader . In The Old Man and the Sea it talks about Santiago &#65533; s struggles with his luck , and with his own will power.The creativity of the book while Santiago was on land with the boy was very dull . For example , &#65533; They sat on the Terrace and many of the fishermen made fun of the old man and he was not angry . &#65533; Santiago and Manolin only spent time worrying about fishing and they never shared their feelings about anything else that interested them besides baseball . They showed their care for each other in all their fishing needs . For instance , &#65533; He was asleep in a short time and he dreamed of Africa &#65533; &#65533; Santiago is always fantasizing of the better times and not facing reality . When he was facing reality he didn &#65533; t know how to handle it so he talked with himself for days until he had caught a fish he had been fighting for and slowly headed towards home . Within this book there is a hidden meaning behind the actions of Santiago but the way it was expressed made the book boring.In Hemingway &#65533; s writing he uses simple words that have a lot of meaning . For example , &#65533; &#65533; behaviour &#65533; &#65533; is what Santiago teaches to Manolin . These words are used throughout the book , which make it very boring , and very confusing . If the words were more intriguing , then the reader would be more interested in the book . For instance , &#65533; congregated &#65533; . The typical reader for this book isn &#65533; t going to know what congregated means . I think that if you &#65533; re unable to understand the words in the text then you won &#65533; t be able to understand the moral of the story either . All this put together really made the book hard to comprehend.In the end of it all , with given evidence , it was proved that this book has no true connection and feeling with the reader because of lack of comprehension . This book would have been much greater if the words were more exciting and more about Santiago &#65533; s and Manolin &#65533; s life , instead of with his luck throughout more than three-fourths of the book .
 The Old Man and the Sea is not a good book . As an interested reader , I came to this book with an open mind and high hopes . But what I got from it was a meaningless lecture on the basic plot of the story.Although Earnest Hemmingway is a brilliant man , this particular story is dull and unimaginative . While reading this book , I often found myself wandering from Hemmingway 's words . His tale lacks the adventuresome qualities that usually spark my interest , and shows little enthusiasm in his writing . He relates the entire story to his own experiences , therefore the reader feels lost in his reflection of his life . In fact , Hemmingway 's inspiration to this story was that he lived in Key West and was a humble fisherman , much like Santiago . Most readers can relate in no way to his idea of a good story . Especially when they do n't know the terms of fishing , which Hemmingway so repetitively uses . I would have enjoyed the book more if I had shared the same interests and experiences as Earnest Hemmingway . My opinion on the book is simply based on my lack of interest , knowledge and experience with this topic.I would not recommend this book to readers my age or younger . Though the book contains a somewhat interesting plot , Hemmingway 's style does not serve the topic well . His paragraphs seem to repeat themselves constantly , and the seemingly endless story unfolds slower than glue . He drains the energy from every sentence . This type of book probably appeals to older or more patient people . Hemmingway 's writing is brief , factual and organized . He eliminates all clutter , including his imagination . By doing this , the reader becomes bored and uninterested . As a result , the book is not recommended by other readers , so no one reads it anymore.Though he is an honorable writer , Earnest Hemmingway 's The Old Man and the Sea is hardly an honorable accomplishment .
 FishingSpending four days at sea can be very boring ; reading about it can be even worse . When I read The Old Man and the Sea I was n't just completely bored I was also very confused and the story was unclear . The book The Old Man and the Sea is about an old man Santiago who is out at sea to catch a big fish . He has n't caught a single fish in 84 days and he thinks today is the day . The young boy Manolin is Santiago 's friend who he has known since he was five . They use to fish together but Manolin 's parents said he had to go to a lucky boat . As the story gets going Santiago hooks a fish and struggles to keep it . Finally the fish jumps and he kills it . The plot was all right but it just did n't keep your interest.Fishing , fishing , and more fishing , that is all The Old Man and the Sea is about . It does n't keep your interest at all . For example , it rambles on and on about nothing when Santiago is talking . If the story did n't ramble on about a couple things the book would be more interesting and easier to read . It seems like Ernest Hemingway did n't have anything else to say when he keeps rambling on ! Besides , the story is to slow to make you want to read more . The main point of writing a book is to make people want to read it . Well , this book does none of that . Not only do you not want to finish The Old Man and the Sea you want to throw it away while you 're at it . When the reader is finished with this book they will ask themselves one question , why did I read this book ? If the book is n't interesting there is no need to read it.The worst parts of The Old Man and the Sea are the beginning and the end . For instance , the reader does n't get any information about Santiago except he is old , poor , and friends with a young boy Manolin . If the reader knew how he became poor or how he became friends with Manolin the story may make more sense . Not knowing about the beginning of Santiago 's fishing makes you wonder how he even became a fisherman . In addition , the ending makes you wonder even more than the beginning does . The ending just stops , you have a little bit of an ending but you do n't know what else happens . It just leaves you clueless , you do n't know what happens . In the book The Old Man and the Sea the two most important parts are missing , the beginning and the end.The Old Man and the Sea is very confusing , unclear , and boring . It is n't interesting and the beginning and end are practically missing . I would n't recommend this book to anyone who hates fishing or anyone who gets confused very easily because that is exactly what The Old Man and the Sea is about .
 I am no fan of The Old Man and the Sea , but it 's worth publicising more widely the little-known story of its genesis . The Old Man and the Sea was actually an allegory of Hemingway 's doomed attempts at wooing Norma Jean Baker -LRB- Marilyn = marlin
 I thought the Old Man and the Sea was n't very good . I thought the beginning was good and captured my attention , but as the book went on it got very dull . When he was following the fish the imagery was good , but it was boring . I also did n't get the comparison to God . I really do n't think that it was intentional of Hemmingway to have Santiago to appear as a Christ-like figure . I think that people just read into the book to far . I would not recommend this book to anyone and I only read it because it was required for my English class .
 Review is on the manufacturing of the book , not on the content - one of Hemingway 's classics . This particular copy is very poorly manufactured . If you are looking for a copy to add to your bookshelf , do not choose this edition , flimsy cover , poorly bound and will not last .
 I would n't buy this version . Do yourself a favor and get a version that has the author 's name spelled right on the cover . It 's Ernest Hemingway . Ernest Hemingway . Ernest Hemingway.This book is a classic .
 Old Man and The Sea Book ReviewThe book , Old Man and The Sea , is about a fisherman named Santiago , Who has n't caught a fish in eighty-five days . When he comes upon the biggest marlin he has ever faced . Who will pull who in ? Hemingway 's book is good , but it is repetitive with boring topics , and needs to summarize . As a result it made the book slow moving.Hemingway 's way of writing slowed the book 's movement down . For example , Hemmingway goes on about topics that do n't entice the reader . Using topics that bore the reader does n't move the story along , does it ? Topics are important to readers and using boring and unwanted topics push readers away . In addition , the way Hemingway wrote of people talking , `` the old man said '' , is to repetitive and thus slowing the story down . `` The old man said '' is ok if the writer uses other more descriptive words for the character 's dialogue . Repetitiveness and boring topics are only half of what makes the story slow moving.Hemingway spends too much time on topics that do n't concern the story . For example , Hemingway spends takes forty-five pages on Santiago catching the same fish . There is no need to use forty-five pages to catch one fish . Who needs to know all the little details of what goes on in Santiago 's head ? In addition , he also took eight pages for Santiago to climb up to his shack , fall asleep , and then Mandolin to get him coffee . I could write that in at the most four pages , and deliver the same information . Eight pages are too much for what had happened . Summarizing is something Hemingway needs to learn.Hemingway 's book is good , do n't get me wrong , but it is too slow . He takes too long to write something so simple . From what I read of Santiago , he needs to see a shrink -LRB- Santiago -RRB- . Hemingway is a good writer , but still needs some work .
 I really enjoyed the movie -LRB- 1990 -RRB- with Anthony Quinn as Santiago . So I decided it was time to read the book . Well I found the book and the movie paralleled pretty well . How ever I was getting bored with the book it seemed a bit repetitive . The old man kept going on and on about Joe Dimaggio 's bone spur.There were a few places that made me squeamish . One such place is when he gutted a dolphin and had his face stuck in it.The story is too short to go into detail without revealing the surprises ; however it is about -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- an old fisherman , that should be over the hill , going out to sea from Cuba to catch fish . He has 84 days of bad luck and with any luck this is about to change -LRB- or is it ? -RRB- The reader helps bring the story to life.The Old Man and the Sea ~ Anthony Quinn
 This was one of the worst books that I have ever read . I was forced to read it in an English assignment . It is 90 percent endless blabber about unnecessary and unwanted detail . Many call this one of the greatest books ever written by Ernest Hemingway . I can say that thanks to this book I will probably never read another Ernest Hemingway novel again . Filled with unending blabber the book is really pointless . There is no lesson to be learned , it is not exciting , funny , dramatic or moving . I would not recommend this book at all , unless you were someone who wanted to waste a few hours of their life . Overall this book never did anything to make me fell that it was a good book .
 I was forced to read this book in reading class . I found it to be a long book about nothing . Half of the time the book talked the old man 's wandering thoughts which had almost nothing to do with the story . And my teacher told us that every thing that happened to Santiago was related to Jesus 's crusifiction . I could see that in some areas , but in others it seemed far feched .
 This novella was just plain boring . The many different allegories hidden inside the story is fascinating but I think that for young people , this is NOT the thing to read .
 This is one of those gems that I had to suffer through in high school . It was a short read but an annoying , boring and depressing one . If the school system in their wisdom had decided to make us hormonal , easily depressed kids sit down and read about fishing , I could have picked up Field and Stream or else something by Patrick McManus , likeKerplunk !
 This book is meaningless . It 's pointless . It does n't say anything about society , it does n't bring up thoughts or opinions , it does n't take a stand on any issue . It 's a story about an old guy in a boat . This book was assigned to me , and I am now wondering why . Literature should have direction and goals it aims to accomplish when people read it . This is a randomly composed book about some old guy who goes fishing . Maybe if this book was set over the mans lifetime , and it described the trials and tribulations of his fishing as he ages , then it might be good . But the whole book was about one fishing trip . I do n't suggest it unless you enjoy books that are essentially pointless . If you do n't want to think , if you do n't want to be inspired , if you are looking for something to read that wo n't give you any new opinions on anything , please read this book .
 This book was not on my favorite list at all . I was forced to read it for english and all it did was frustrate me . I think that kids cant relate to it as much . Mabey if i wait until i am older and then i read it again i will appreciate it . But obviously someone thought this book was good if Hemmingway can get a Nobel Prize . And i can see why in soom ways . I just think this isnt good reading material for high school students .
 the book went on and on for 60 pages about the fish and the old man
 This is the most boring book I was ever forced to read -LRB- for an English class -RRB- . I can not describe how mind-numbing and pointless it was . I could n't have cared less what happened to the old man , the fish , the boat , or Ernest Hemmingway . It was a titanic struggle to get through the book -- way harder than anything the old man had to face . James Joyce does stream of consciousness a whole lot better -- and I hate Joyce 's writing too . Do n't waste your time reading this one when there are plenty of books out there with an actual plot .
 My daughter has trich and I searched for a book to help me deal with this . This book sounded like the best because it is written by a women with trich who is a mother of a child with trich . It sounded perfect . I paid for overnight shipping because I was frantic over the bald spots that were now forming on my beautiful girl 's head . The day it arrived I read it cover to cover and have never been more frustrated ! The beginning is very good . It gives an overview of trich . That 's great , although I already knew most of that from doing online research . However , it is a great introduction for those who have yet to do the research . I kept waiting for a chapter on tips and techniques that help . There was a lot of talk about self esteem and compassionate parenting . In fact , the majority of the book talked about it . That 's all fine and great ... we should all be parenting that way ... but it does n't get my daughter 's hand off of her head ! I FINALLY get to where it sounds like the author is going to give advice , and her advice is to get a copy of someone else 's book which has great tips on getting your child to stop pulling ! WHAT ??? ARE YOU KIDDING ME ??? I just paid 15 bucks for a book and another 15 for shipping only to be told to buy SOMEONE ELSE 'S BOOK !!! What a rip-off . If I ever met the author I would ask for my money back . What a huge disappointment!Don ' t waste your money !!!
 Sophmoric and silly , it still might be a good second-choice for a teen book club . PG-13-rated sex pops up now and again , but no bad language and little violence besides an un-Viking-like punch or two . -LRB- In the Sagas guys carry axes and misunderstandings lead to body parts flying off . -RRB- Some of the best stories of the original get muddled or left out , so if you skim the dull parts , the book 's not very long . For more advanced readers , I 'd recommend the Sagas themselves .
 I do n't know if it was the layout , or the similarity to the `` For Dummies '' series ... it just was not a good choice for me .
 I suppose that if you were to read this book and follow it 's instructions , you could likely produce a decent enough wine . However , if you really want a proper education on the subject , look elsewhere . Some might argue that this is merely a `` starting point '' , but I 'd rather not have the rudiments glazed over . Check out `` The way to make wine '' if you are considering making wine from grapes or pressed juice . I have only just started it , but it is a much more informative , well written book .
 If you are versed in postmodern theory and call yourself a `` Foucault Junkie '' as does V. Jabri , you will undoubtedly love this book . If you are a more typical human being who does not get off on clever semiotic turns of phrase and postmodern word play , you will hate this book . Just read the review by `` A Reader '' - if it makes sense to you and gets you excited , buy the book . If you have no idea what they are talking about , avoid this book like the Black Plague - it is more of the same .
 Mortal Kombat
 Mortal Kombat : DA is a fine game with all new characters and graphics that r fantastic on xbox but not on ps2 or gamecube -LCB- and i 'm not just saying that cause i hate the ngc or ps2 cause i own all 3 and have experience with them -RSB- But is a strategy guide really needed the game 's is n't even difficult and u already have their moves list on an especially easy to follow menu , so i dont think it 's needed but saying that it is useful for fatalities which r cool but not as cool as mk1 and mk2 . And is there any way to do friend ships cause they were cool especially Lui kang 's disco inferno and thats true as well MK : DA does n't have good fighters in like Shao Kahn and Lui Kang and Sub zero looks worse than ever as well as Raiden who Looks powerless just like KUng Lao and reptile as well . So in conclusion guide is ok but only for fatalities , MK : DA is good but NOT AS GOOD as MK1 and MK2 which were fantastic on arcade and snes but hard to play on megadrive.Thank u for reading and good night
 I can not believe that this book was allowed to go to print . As I read it , I was tempted to pull out my red pencil and edit as I went along . The repetition was more than I could bear and the writing was so elementary as to be insulting to the average reader . I ca n't believe that a writer with the kind of experience that Danielle Steel has does n't even use quotation marks correctly . Unbelievable.The sad thing is , this could have been a powerful story . Ms. Steel lost her own son and certainly knows a mother 's pain . That is where the problem lies . Her character Alice is strong and well developed . But no one else is . If she had spent more time on this book it might have been different . But , as usual , she power-wrote yet another and it did n't click .
 Two words ... `` just terrible '' ...
 This is the most horrible book I have ever read ! Danielle Steel is getting worse and worse with her writing . She repeats herself over and over again . What she writes in over 200 pages could be written in about 30 by someone else . What an elementary level book !! Read something by Lisa Jackson if you want to read something decent .
 I have read more books written by DS than by any other author . Steel 's writings have never failed to be entertaining , challenging , never failed to touch me emotionally , nor test my intelligence , until now . I agree with those who have stated they felt the book was written on a 5th grade level . The writing was way too simple for adult readers . DS did not put herself into this book . She had an ulterior motive for writing this selection .
 This is literally one of the most poorly written books I have ever read , which came as somewhat of a shock as it is Steel 's 58th bestseller . The story lacks depth and complexity , the characters lack development , the writing is repetitive , and everything is generally one-dimensional . Did she hire an intern to compose this book for her ??
 I am glad to hear I am not the only one who is driven crazy by the way she repeats the same things over and over again . It truly makes me not want to read her books . After reading the other readers ' reviews , I have decided not to buy . I can do without the frustration .
 I bought this book thinking that it would be like some of her other books , but I agree with some of the other readers . This book was like reading it over and over again . Had the same sentence over and over just in different sequence order . It was a childish story . We had a death in a family member and it 's been over 7 yrs and we still can not get over it . My ex-sister in law took her more than 5 yrs to move on and start dating again . So this book is not even close to reality . If you love someone so much , it does n't take you just 4 months to get over that person . I do not recommended this book to anyone to read . Very Very disappointed in Daneille Steel for even thinking in publishing it . She must of had a mood swing or something .
 What a ridiculous story line ! From the way-too-perfect Johnny to the way his one true love got over him within a few months , this book was hard to swallow start to finish . The writing style made me look online for the recommended age of readership - I truly thought I was reading a teenager 's book . Ms. Steele repeated herself over and over.I have a library full of books in my home - from classics to beach reads . This is first time I threw a book out after reading it instead of keeping it on the shelves . Just seeing it there would have aggravated me .
 This books was an extremely depressing book . Long and drawn out . Can all of this terrible stuff happen to these people . Does anything good ever happen . I will not buy any more of Steel 's books after this one .
 Definately not one of Steel 's best . I was disappointed . I thought the plot was corny ! It was an easy read , but I felt like I was reading a novel written for young teens . Every turn of the page was another predictible twist that just did n't add up to true Steel writing . If you liked `` Granny Dan '' or `` Silent Honor '' , skip this book . You 'll be disappointed .
 I was dissapointed with this book . I kept reading it in hopes that something really incredible was going to happen but unfortunatly never did . The characters were vague and the story line redundant and ends without closure .
 I really am a big fan of most of Danielle Steel 's body of work . I 've read the vast majority of her books - purchased and listened to many of them as audio books ... and even seen the ones that have been made into movies . This was pretty disappointing ! I had purchased `` Dating Game '' the same time I got `` Johnny Angel '' . `` Dating Game '' was everthing that `` Johnny Angel '' was n't ! The book was thin in every way - the story line and the characters were lacking ... and the whole thing reminded me of a beefed up short story . Hardly worth the $ 7.50 I paid for the paper back ! Also , the entire time I was reading it , I felt like someone was pulling my leg . It was somewhat entertaining - but I certainly would never be interested in re-reading it - which I often do with her other works ! It has the same silly fantasy of `` The Klone '' . I guess every once in awhile Ms Steel blows a mind fuse ! Hopefully , she 'll get back on track with the next book ! Let 's keep our fingers crossed !
 I have read every one of Danielle Steel 's books ... however ... this one was a real let down . Very predictable and boring . If you are looking for a great read ... pass this one up . Hope this is n't the future for this writer ... she seems to running out of good materail .
 Although , this story is touching and will bring tears to your eyes , I could n't help but feel let down after finishing the book . This was definitely not on a par with most of Danielle Steel 's work . The book seemed short and the characters were not given any real depth of personality . It was almost as if they were held at a distance from the reader . Sorry , this is just not a `` Steel Classic '' .
 This book was so bad that if I could have given it ZERO stars I would have . What a totally ridiculous story . The boy in the book is just WAY too perfect - from his perfect behavior , the fact that he 's a perfect student , boy friend , son , brother all the way to the perfect relationship he had with his mother . The story is not in the least bit interesting and the ending was just WAY too predictable . Do n't even bother picking this one up . It was a total waste of time .
 The story was touching , yet highly unrealistic . There was also too much redundancy . I thought this was an easy , yet disappointing read . I wonder if Steel has to meet a quota each year , and this was the by-product ? Not her best book .
 I am an avid Danielle Steel reader but this one is not one of her best . The concept was a good one but it was written in such simple language . The characters could have had a bit more depth . Maybe next time ... I know she is capable for much better writing !!
 I was interested in this book due to the topic of a person returning to earth as an angel . I have n't read many of Danielle Steel 's books , and after reading this one , I will NOT read another one . How many times can a writer repeat themselves ? If you 're Danielle Steel , WAY too much . She repeated conversations verbatim , she told and re-told situations and plot devices ad nauseeum -LRB- for example , father drinking , Bobby 's accident , father ignoring Charlie 's sports because she 's a girl , Johnny 's reactions to all of these events , etc -RRB- . This was an extremely sketchy book . For example , Johnny would perform miracles , but he did n't know how and we were n't told , either . They just happened . Fine , you might say that miracles do ` just happen ' , however , if Johnny is the instigator of all these miracles , more thought and description should have been given as to how he accomplished them . DS could add a lot more depth and detail to her story telling . The ending was SO predictable . Someone earlier said the ending was an unpredictable `` plot twist '' . I figured it out less than half way through the book . It 's hard to believe that she is a best selling author . I read this book in less than 2 hours . Check it out from the library -LRB- as I did -RRB- if you really do want to read it .
 What I did read of it was not very good . It is full of information and is a great choice for a history major maybe , but not me . I found it very hard to read as an English major .
 This is one of the most boring tales I have read . The author 's style is the major obstacle . The paragraphs often fill the better part of one even two pages -- these are easy to flip through . The content rambles on and on with unnecessary details on minor matters . The main story line is hard to find . And then , when discerned , it is not worth the work of putting it together .
 Yes , the book is peppered with feminist propaganda , but I wo n't base my disdain for the book due to that . I do dislike how whenever they are speaking about people from both sexes , the purposely always list she before he . `` She or he is likely to ... '' `` She or he sometimes may feel ... '' Why not go s/he , that seems pretty acceptable to me . Or he , then she , since that 's alphabetical . Or mix it up and do both , but it 's a purposeful action in this book to put female before male.I just fail to see the worth of the text . Why do I need to read a chapter on Living Single , Living With Others ? Or Dating , Coupling , and Mate Selection . Or The Marriage Experience.What did this book teach me ? Well , I now know such important things as the `` developmental family life cycle theory '' , which pays close attention to changes in families over time and attempts to explain family life in terms of a process that unfolds over the life course of families ? Huh ? Really , who cares ? The text is obsessed with trying to explain things , and give names and theories and terms to what I just refer to as `` life '' . Everyone lives life a different way . Live and let live I say , and quit analyzing it . If two gay people have a kid , good for them . Why delve into it ? If two straight people have a kid , good for them . If a grandmother lives with the family , who cares ? Why is an entire book dedicated to this?Sadly , most of those probably reading reviews on this book are students who will be required to buy it . So my advice , buy it , use it , resell it . If you happen to be a professor of sociology , put aside your personal feelings about my or other negative reviews , read the book cover to cover , and ask yourself if it really taught you anything , or enlightened you in anyway . I wish my professor had .
 Hold your nose on this one , folks!While there is some solid educational value to be gleaned from this work , I fear the trouble to filter the good from the bad makes this an untenable text , especially for those new to the dicipline.Why is this work so bad ? Simply reams and reams of feminist twaddle ! This book is literally infested with the so-called `` facts '' and `` scholarship '' from that bankrupted , poisonous and scientifically discredited ideology called feminism.One does have to appreciate the irony
 I bought this book 2 weeks before my class started . The delivery dates kept changing . I never received it so I had to purchase it from another website . Because of this , I had to turn in my assignment for class late . I received an email saying that I would be credited but I have not checked my statement yet . We 'll see .
 I adore Jonathan Kellerman and never thought I 'd dislike anything he wrote but this book was so disappointing . I always want Alex Delaware but I recognize that authors get different voices in their heads and , on that basis , I did struggle through the Billy Straight book , knowing that Alex would not be far behind . I found this story to be totally unrealistic and I know Kellerman can do better . What truly concerns me , though , is that he revealed only bits and pieces of Jeremy 's history , which makes me think that this character will be back . NOOOOO!The story sets up well but , in my opinion , goes downhill from there . Jeremy is a suspect in a variety of killings , all the while continuing his practice and no one at the hospital seems aware of the suspicion . He becomes erratic in his behavior and obsessed with his private investigation and no one is the wiser . Meanwhile , he seems to possess superhuman powers with patients.I must say that this book reminded me very much of Chasing the Dime by Michael Connelly . No , there are no similarities in the stories but both , in my opinion , are beneath the authors ' amazing abilities .
 When I saw Kellerman had a new book coming out , I signed up for it at the library without knowing what it was about , just assuming it was another Alex Deleware book . When I picked it up , I was disappointed that it was n't , but still optimistic , since I love Kellerman 's books . This book is a disappointment . I was well over 100 pages in , and still was not `` into '' the story . The main character , Jeremy , did not draw me in like Alex did in the other books . I did n't feel a connection with Jeremy , and did n't find myself rooting for him , like I do for Alex and Milo . The story is very slow moving , no driving suspense like the Deleware books . I finished the book because I was `` curious '' about how it would end , not because I had a driving need like I do with really good mysteries . I hope Kellerman sticks with the Deleware series , it 's a much better read in my opinion .
 The main characters were all people , if I met them in actual life , I would do my best to avoid if I had a choice -- either boring or worse . When Jeremy first observed the elegant dining club located in the strangely abandoned warehouse district , I thought I was in some King/horror clone . The story just never got moving , either in plot or character development.Maybe Jonathan needs some advise from his wife Faye .
 Look , if you want to read a good mystery , stick to Kellerman 's early work . `` Butcher 's Theater '' is dynamite . This one is pretty darned close to a remake -LRB- at least in terms of the villian 's MO -RRB- , but nowhere as imaginative or intriguing . It 's time for Kellerman to retire his word processor .
 I am a huge Jonathan Kellerman fan - have read everything but this new book is just incredibly boring . The language is very self indulgent and where plot shoud be , there are just endless descriptions of people or events that do n't really relate to the story . The only thing worse is the reader of the audio - flat , dull , the story may be putting him to sleep and his `` female '' character voice is just terrible . I was also offended by the need to use stereo type descriptions of Asian characters in the book . Very unusual and I 'm so disappointed .
 In the past I have found Jonathan Kellerman to be my favorite author , having read every book he has ever written . Conspiracy Club , however , does not live up to his previous works . The plot was weak , the characters even weaker . I found myself bored and thrilled when it ended . Mr. Kellerman , please go back to your previous style , this was simply not worth reading .
 I have been rading Jonathan Kellerman 's Alex Delaware novels for years and I have really enjoyed them . I was so disappointed by his new novel The Conspiracy Club . It moved so slowly it was painful . There were no interesting characters . I ca n't even remember the `` hero 's '' name . This one was n't worth the time . I was glad when it ended .
 Jonathon Kellerman is one of my favorite authers , and his last two books have been his best in years . But with Conspiracy Club he has totally missed the mark . This book is slow paced , the main character -LRB- Jeremy Carrier -RRB- is totally uninteresting . I 've read about 100 pages and nothing has happened ! I can only read a few pages at a time before I start getting sleepy . I had to put the book down , I could n't finish it . I may go back to it but not right away . What a bummer . If you 're looking for something to put you to sleep pick this book up . Everyone else should just leave it alone . Hopefully Kellerman 's next book will be up to his earlier standards .
 I have not or can not finish reading this book . It is soooo slooow and seems to be going nowhere and I do n't really care about Jeremy at all . Why is that ? My first experience with Jon Kellerman was so wonderful that I had to read everything right away . But this book ca n't be his . I did catch his wonderful descriptive talents in describing scenery but that is not plot . As with Patricia Cornwell 's disaster with Blow Fly , it seems as if two previous reviewers are right . Mr. Kellerman was phoning it in or he had this book from a college project and needed to get something published . I do n't think I will bother finishing The Conspiracy Club so I can use the time to find a new mystery author . I checked out this site to be sure that I was not the only one who was disappointed .
 I have always found that a good reader can make a mediocre book more interesting and a bad reader exposes weak prose in a few moments . This audio book has the one of the worst readers ever and writing so poor that even George Guidall would be hard pressed to keep me listening.I agree with an earlier reviewer 's thought that this book seems to be from before Kellerman 's Delaware success . The use of latin names of diseases without a translation and clumsy use of language -LRB- When was the last time you found the term `` jimcrack '' in a novel with a modern setting ? -RRB- . And , this book suffers the worst of Kellerman 's other novels
 This is so wordy and difficult to read , that it was n't even worth finishing . I was VERY disappointed in this author , since I usually enjoy his writing .
 Kellerman is best known for his Alex Delaware novels , and rightfully so . When an author wants to break from a popular character , there 's always the possibility of scepticism from the readers . Some authors are able to make this work -LRB- Jeffrey Deaver , for example -RRB- . Others fall flat , as Mr. Kellerman has on this one . I honestly do n't know what happened here . This is perhaps the slowest paced novel I 've ever read from a veteran author . How this ever got past his agent or editor I 'll never know . You are well over halfway through the book before anything happens , and I 'm not exaggerating here in the least . It 's almost like following someone 's boring life with morbid curiousity for a while , waiting for something to go wrong . The ending , when it mercifully comes , is n't worth the build up . The Conspiracy Club from the book 's title really does n't do anything that a single character could n't have done . It 's like this is a novel he 'd written years ago but put away and suddenly he had a deadline and had to grab it . The potential for a great story was here , but it would have meant losing the first half of the book and starting from there . I look forward to his next novel , but I hope it 'll be back to his old standard of great storytelling .
 I am about to bail . Its the lavish meal that did it . That 's a first for me in a Kellerman book . I came to these reviews convinced `` The Conspiracy Club '' was Kellerman 's first manuscript , written thirty or more years ago , rejected , and surfacing now to give readers a glimpse of how much he had developed . Boffo stylized cartoon characters , unconnected , very 50 's .
 I 've been a long-time fan of Jonathan Kellerman and have noticed his books steadily declining regarding plot , interest , and entertainment value . I was hoping `` The Conspiracy Club '' would bring him out of the rut he seems to have fallen into , but for me , this book only proves he has run out of motivation or has become bored with writing.I am beginning to wonder when the publishing world will grow tired of continually feeding to the reading world mundane works from formerly best-selling authors -LRB- i.e. Cornwell , Patterson , Clancy , Kellerman , et . -RRB- and instead focus on more talented , unknown authors . Come on , New York , listen to the readers who are expressing their opinions !
 This is BY FAR the worst Jonathan Kellerman book ever . I have been reading JK for over 10 years and have read almost every book of his . This book moved SO slow and he spent too much time building up characters that were not integral to the plot or at least not the murder mystery plot part . He spent more time building a love relationship between the main character and his girlfriend than he did solving the crime .1 word
 As an avid Kellerman fan I was very disappointed in this book . ... The Conspiracy Club was slow and boring , the characters are one-dimensional and did not engage me . If Kellerman had not been the author I would have not finished the book , I kept hoping it would be better . I actually felt ripped-off after reading it . It seemed like the plot for a poor TV movie .
 I have been a devoted reader of all things Kellerman -LRB- Jonathan and Faye -RRB- for a dozen or so years . I was thrilled to learn there was a new book by Jonathan that was not an Alex Delaware story . I very much enjoy series books and getting to know and like -LRB- or hate -RRB- the `` regulars '' . Sort of a soap opera behind the current plot thing . I was very excited to get to know the new characters in this book . It typically takes me about 2-3 days to finish a Kellerman novel -LRB- his or hers -RRB- I worked on reading this book for about two weeks . I made it about half way through this book . When I realized I dreaded reading anymore of it and really was n't caring what was going to happen next I gave up . I tried skimming the second half reading a sentence here and there so I could find out the ending . I still could n't figure out what was going on . It did n't matter though , by this point I really did not care how the book ended . I hope this will be a stand alone book and the characters will not continue on in another book . All in all this book was a major disappointment . Not at all of the calibar I have come to expect from Mr. Kellerman .
 When I saw a new Kellerman book , I snapped it right up and went right home to read it . I kept waiting for something to HAPPEN !! Guess what ? When I finished it -- still nothing . And Jeffrey was not even an interesting character . Why do authors who have great books and great characters have to leave them behind and do something DIFFERENT ? Bah Humbug !!!
 I usually enjoy the author 's works , even the non-Alex Delaware ones , but not this one . I agree with the other reviewers that the characters were flat , some of the plot lines were never tied together well , and that the setting hints that this was a discarded attempt from the past that Kellerman rescued from the trash can ... But my main beef with this novel is the language ! In some of his Alex Delaware novels , Kellerman turns off my interest with his grandeose architectual descriptions -LRB- I often think if he had n't been a psychologist he would have been an architect -RRB- , but this book is STUFFED with pompous , over-the-top language . I chuckled out loud at the reviewer who said he/she had multiple English degrees but still had to constantly run to the dictionary to look up Kellerman 's obscure word choices . Kellerman 's descriptions and dialogue during the secret dinner with Jeremy and the old eccentrics was just plain laughable.One reviewer said it best when they said that they language was `` forced , bombasic , and esoteric '' . Trust me - this book is painful drudgery to read for such a small payoff .
 How lame is the plot of THE CONSPIRACY CLUB ? So lame that even Kellerman realizes it . Because he takes this `` plot '' , with the same red herrings , twists , and `` the old switcheroo on who the real killer is '' , and recycled it into half of his next Petra Connor series entry , TWISTED .
 I 'm a big fan of Jonathan Kellerman and have read all of his books . The plot of this one is a bit too familiar . Psychologist help police solve brutal killings . And there 's even a Robin-esque woman by this side , but not too involved in the murderish goings on.I hope he brings back Milo and Alex -- why try to remake the original characters , when they are already done so well .
 I suppose not liking this book is my fault . I was expecting another Alex Delaware and did n't realize this was a `` stand alone '' type of novel . Maybe I did n't give this one a chance , but I do n't think Conspiracy Club comes even close in character development to the Delaware series . I would n't recommend your purchasing this one but borrowing from your public library . The story line is n't even that imaginative nor able to captivate and hold your attention for the length of the book .
 Lame plot , stale characters , and it takes over half the book for anything at all to happen . So much of this book is useless filler , I ca n't believe it even got published .
 Two huge problems with this book . One , this self righteous club is leaving clues to a killer and `` traveling and learning '' when they already know his identity , so I guess he can keep on dismembering women until the psychiatrist figures it all out and then gets teary eyed over his new special wine glass . Two , the city of Los Angeles functions as a character in Kellerman 's other novels and adds alot of realism to the novels . This thing drags on in some unnamed , nondescript city .
 Wow , I 've been a huge fan of Jonathan Kellerman 's novels for years now , and while I particularly enjoy the Alex Delaware series , until now I 've enjoyed his stand alone novels just as much.The only reason I struggled to finish the book was because it was a JK novel , but believe me , it really WAS a struggle . It 's possible that some of the reason is that the setting itself is fictional ; despite long narratives about the setting and its environs , I still never got a real feel for the area.I also did n't find any of the chracters likeable ; whether they are good guys or bad guys , or somewhere in between , I can usually identify with the characters in some way . Like them , hate them , are they funny , smart ? I just really did n't CARE.The second star is only because somewhere after page 200 , the `` action '' started to pick up and make some sense , and THERE was the Jonathan Kellerman writing I 've come to love , expect , and respect.Hopefully this was just a fluke . If nothing else , at least it 's apparent I 'm not the only one who feels this way .
 The author is reusing a similar plot device than in `` Twisted ''
 If this was my first Kellerman novel I would have been captivated . Kellerman has a unique writting style which I believe captivates and keeps his fans coming back for more . But Conspiracy Club was not his best . I was disappointed by the lack of development of the `` Club '' members characters . I also found Jeremy Carrier rather boring . Though it ended with Kellerman flare , I fear it was a case of `` too little too late ... `` not his usual page turner.But Kellerman can not please everybody all the time , and he is allowed the odd bad book , as long as he follows it up with a smasher like Therapy .
 Very dissapointing . As a huge fan of the Alex Delaware novels and Jonathan Kellerman 's style of writing , I was really looking forward to reading this book . Unfortunately , I found the main character , Jeremy Carrier , to be sad , whiny and an all around boring guy ! The story took forever to develop and by the time it did I had stopped caring what happened . He spent too much time introducting characters that ending up having little or nothing to do with the plot . I was surprised at some of the twists near the end , but they were n't enough for me to recommend this book . I finished reading it only to find out `` who done it '' . I recently read his new novel `` Therapy '' which I would recommmend along with most of the other Delware novels .
 I too have been a great Kellerman fan , and have read all his books . But this one is bad , and not just because it is n't Alex Delaware or because it has little if any real plot . It 's the style , something I do n't remember from the earlier books . One reader noticed the annoying short chapters , a trend from some other `` thriller '' writers.What I noticed was the page after page of one sentence paragraphs.Or one phrase paragraphs.Supposed to make us feel breathless , I guess.But really more like -LSB- Dick and Jane -RSB- .
 When I first read the Amazon review of this novel , I was intrigued . Never a fan of Kellerman 's Alex Delaware novels , I thought I might give this a try since it `` re-invigorates a number of tried-and-true mystery conventions , '' was `` gripping '' and `` intricately plotted . '' I found this novel to be neither gripping nor intricately plotted ; in fact , I found it tedious and quite boring . The main character of Dr. Jeremy Carrier is neither appealing nor likeable . He came off has whiny and little self-involved for my taste . Yeah , yeah , I know he 's just been tough a terrible ordeal , but please !
 Is this reall written by Kellerman ?? Why do authors DO this ; abandon a character that the public likes ... see Patricia Cornwell 's HORRIBLE Isle of Dogs when she dropped Kay Scarpetta ... where are Alex Delaware and Milo Sturgis ?? One reviewer referrred to them as `` stale '' ??? Not to me ; I want more . I 'm glad I checked this out at the library instead of wasting my money . I hope he or his staff reads these reviews , This character is weak and the whole story is simply NOT what I was expecting . Mr. Kellerman please bring back Dr. Delaware !!!!!
 I used to read Jonathan Kellerman 's books pretty regularly , but stopped buying them as they came out -- more because of budgetary restrictions than anything else . They were always pretty good , but not good enough to make me keep up with them when money was tight . That being said , I 've had two of his books on my bookshelves for quite awhile and thought it was time I got around to reading one of them.The Conspiracy Club is a stand-alone novel from Bellman , who departs from his Alex Delaware series to introduce Jeremy Carrier . Jeremy is a psychologist who is half-heartedly getting back on his feet following the recent murder of his girlfriend . The police have never identified her killer and have not ruled him out as a suspect . When other women start to disappear as well , Jeremy finds himself under additional scrutiny by the detective in charge of his girlfriend 's case . While this is going on , Jeremy receives an invitation to dine with an exclusive group of individuals who he discovers have each experienced a similar unresolved loss in their past and who have an intense interest in the nature of evil.The Conspiracy Club was a decent book , but nothing special . The story takes a while to become engaging and Kellerman 's attempt to shake things up with a little twist at the end left me inimpressed and ready to move on to the next book on the shelf .
 I was disappointed in this book . It was not up to the usual standards of Kellerman 's work ... . no flow for me . I have been an Alex Delaware fan since he first started years ago ... this is the first book of Kellerman 's that left me cold . Hope this is n't a trend .
 I am a huge Kellerman fan ; own all of his books and love them all including Billy Straight and The Butcher 's theater ; both non-Delaware books . This one is just plain a miss . The characters never strike a note , the book is made up of 50 some chapters often 1 or 2 pages long , seemingly inflating a short story to a 280 page novel ; a trend I think started by Mr. Patterson , and one I despise . 25 bucks for a 280 page book that is actually about 220 ? And the ending ; I for one hate books that introduce the murderer 4/5 ` ths of the way thru . Pass this one ; if you do n't have all of the other Kellerman books , treat yourself and pick up one or two that are already published .
 I , too , have been very into the Alex Delaware novels and was so excited about this one coming out . I was also disappointed when I found out it had a new main character -LRB- after I checked the book out -RRB- , but was willing to give it a fair chance . I had to fight to stay awake almost 100 pages into this book , as it went nowhere ! Arthur Chess is such a pointless character and the conversations they have are as boring as a forced lecture in college . Bottom line , if you have not read the previous books with Alex in them , go back a few in the series and read those . Save yourself the time on this one !
 I am a big fan of Kellerman and have listened to most of the Alex Delaware novels , but I stopped listening after completing the second CD -LRB- out of 8 -RRB- in this set . I found the medical jargon depressing , overdone , and totally irrelevent to the puzzle -LRB- which I assume was discovering the identity of the serial killer -RRB- . Also , I did n't think the characters were particularly likeable . I wo n't stop listening to the Alex Delaware stories read by the terrific John Rubenstein , but I wish I 'd passed on this book . The story was weak and the reader -LRB- Rob Kahn -RRB- was even weaker . Maybe listening to the edition read by David Birney would have been better .
 Kellerman has lost it ! Years ago , when I first discovered his books , I could not put them down . Now I read them through our local book club as punishment . He has become blas&eacute; , predictable , self-involved and should be put out to pasture . I sometimes wonder if he has a secretary who fills in the gaps once he has decided on the storyline . Never again , not even for our book club .
 I am an avid reader and huge Johathan Kellerman fan . I have read many of his books and was excited to read his latest novel . This is the first time in years I actually stopped reading a book in the middle out of interminable boredom . This book is extremely slow moving . Too much description and not enough action . It was as if someone else wrote the novel under Jonathan Kellerman 's name . The language seemed forced , bombastic , and esoteric . What a huge dissapointment . The only recommendation I would give for this book is to ask for your money back .
 I have read every one of Kellerman 's books and also have multiple degrees in English . So why am I running to the dictionary every 3 pages ? Scrofulous ? Remora ? Come on ... It detracts from the storyline and is pretentious . Give me Alex Delaware and easy reading anytime .
 Conspiracy Club is either Kellerman 's first manuscript -LRB- which may be correct given the type of clinical practice of the main character - comparable to Dr. Kellerman 's early years in psychology -RRB- , or a more recent manuscript written in a week . Overall , it is much more comparable to the Billy Straight novels than the usual enjoyable Delaware fare . From the perspective of a practicing psychologist , Dr. Carrier is no Alex Delaware - and is n't much of a psychologist either . He has at least as much psychopathology as any other character in the book ; and that 's not entertaining . Other characters are inadequately developed , the plot is convoluted , and the rush to conclusion is too improbable to believe - even when attempting to suspend reality for the sake of entertainment . Kellerman has done a lot for mystery readers and for psychologists ; Let 's hope that he bounces back again and produces another carefully thought out psychological mystery . Kellerman can be a good producer of interesting and intricate characters and story lines ; we want and expect better than this . This one will be on my bookshelf , but only to complete the Kellerman work product .
 I hoped that with a new protagonist , Jonathan Kellerman would once again come through with a goodd read , but I found this as bad as most of his recent Alex Delaware novels have been . There is no comparison between the early Alex Delaware novels . The Butcher 's Theater -LRB- the best -RRB- and his recent books . Maybe he shoult take a rest .
 As tired as I 've gotten of Alex and Robin 's love trials , I could n't help but miss that dysfunctional and self-important duo while reading `` Conspiracy Club . '' This book 's main character , Jeremy Carrier , never comes to life and his adventures sound like Kellerman is phoning it in . . On the plus side , Kellerman 's writing is as always a cut above the usual and he has good control over detail and pacing . Unfortunately , the women in this book make even stick figures like Robin seem complex . The scenes in the conspiracy club are cartoonish and about as menacing as an afternoon in a nursing home rec room . Bring back Alex and his rich boy , ca n't commit melodramas ! As much as he gets on my nerves , at least he got a bit more to him than a `` tragic secret . ''
 Hard to get into , I am accustomed to getting into one of his books and not putting it down until I finish it . This book is taking me weeks to finish . It just has not grabbed my attention . I say , `` Bring back Alex Deleware !
 I could not get into this book . I have the audio version . My mind kept wondering off . I had to stop listening to it half way trough it . I love all the Alex and Milo book . Please keep writing them instead .
 I love J Kellerman 's books , and could n't wait to get my hands on the latest one . I did n't mind that it is not part of the Ales Delaware `` series '' - I very much enjoyed Butcher 's Theatre , and Billy Straight . But this latest book is so incredibly longwinded and boring ! I can not get into it , I do not care for any of the characters , and I am now on page 278 , and still have n't found anything interesting in this book . I will finish it -LRB- sometime -RRB- , just because it is by Jonathan Kellerman . But I think it will go to the 2nd hand bookshop straight away - and I still have all his previous novels , and reread them again and again . PLEASE - no more Dr Carrier !!
 Mr. Kellerman wants the reader to believe that psychologists play a major role as medical providers . In his book , Dr. Carrier , a psychologist goes on medical roundswith physicians , is a consultant on the tumor board , is paged by the hospital for emergencies , is in a romance with a physician , and is seemingly requested by every surgeon for preop consults . Poppycock !! These roles describe physicians . A psychologist is not a medical provider . Most psychology degrees are liberal arts degrees not science . I believe Mr. Kellerman has delusions of grandeur regarding the field of psychology . His patientz deserve medical care-not someone to hold their hand and tell them they 'll get better.There are many glaring medical errors in this book . The physician Angela recalls how she almost killed someone . She says that she almost injected a dose of insulin that was off by 100 units . It is common knowledge an insulin syringe holds up to 100 units . How could the dose be off by 100 ? What ? She was supposed to give 30 units ? And , almost gave 300 in a syringe that only holds up to 100 units . This explains why psychologists should n't write medical thrillers-they have have little to no medical knowledge . And , btw physicians rarely draw up or administer shots of insulin most patients are trained to do it themselves . There are other numerous errors . He should get somebody with a medical background to proof-read . He is just so annoying and irritating . I read and finish everything so I groaned when I realized I had picked up another one of his stupid books about the importance of psychologists in medicsl care . I hope if a medical crisis ever happens he has enough sense to csll a physician !
 Audio Book review - It was n't the worst book , but it was very long and droning . However , it was only 5 CDs long , and that is a rather quick read . Something about the narrator or maybe the lack of a gripping plot , made it feel much much longer . In the end it became oddly confusing and I kept trying to remember who all these characters are and what their relations were to one another . Only because it was so long and so full of holes and twists , it became almost boring and hard to pay attention to . However , I can see that Kellerman may be a good writer of other books , so I will give him a chance and pick up another audio boook . It was a good enough book that I kept listening to it . However , I kept listening hoping that something would happen and that all of this time would have a pay off . I was wrong .
 I am a fan of Jonathan Kellerman 's other books -LRB- 3-5 stars , the lot -RRB- , but this book would get 0 if it was an option . The underlying plot makes no sense - a club of do-gooders who somehow identifies a serial killer -LRB- it is never explained how -RRB- , but instead of doing the obvious they guide our hero to solve it - whilst the killer is carrying on killing other victims ! Almost needless to say , when our hero eventually does identify the killer , he decides to take matters into his own hands -LRB- a poorly motivated distrust of the police is to blame -RRB- and gets saved in a typical Kellerman last minute shoot-out -LRB- my only serious issue with the Alex Delaware series ... -RRB- Turns out his mistrust of the cops was misplaced - they end up saving his life.Altogether a poor read - slow paced and a plot that is utterly devoid of logic .
 This was perhaps the absolute worse Jonathan Kellerman going!I have read at least two-thirds of his novels most of which are quite pleasing and entertaining , some more wierd than others ... Not good at all ! Really!At any rate , I agree completely -LRB- as does my wife -RRB- , who feels as did a recent reviewer ; it would be incredibly fantastic to find that this novel was not something from his distant past , that was now thrown in for a quick hit ... It was formal , unlike any other of his novels , truly BORING X 10 , and we barely got through it on a relaxing summer vacation.Both of us felt it was just terrible at best ! Rent it on audio book at the library , that way you can stand the horribly slow plot culminating in a relatively exciting -LRB- much needed -RRB- ending ...
 I was a big fan of Jonathan Kellerman , that was until this book ! A see-through plot and `` the Club '' was just bizarre to say the least.Hopefully the next book I read by Kellerman -LRB- if I read one again -RRB- will be better as this was a waste of my time !
 I certainly would not recommend this book to anyone as a first Kellerman 's novel.There are too many medical jargons and terms as if Kellerman is trying to show off his medical knowledge . There are just too many unnecessary references to either the rarer or more serious and feared disorders unrelated to the story and thus causing a lot of side tracking which to me is a pure waste of time reading and boring to readers especially those with medical knowledge . It took me a long long time to finish this novel and thought of discarding it numerous times even when I was more than half way through the novel ! This is especially so after having read the very exciting Robert Crais 's `` Demolition Angel '' followed by Lee Child 's `` One Shot '' . The story in this book are also full of loop holes and I can not buy the idea of a Conspiracy Club using Jeremy to get to the killer and allowing more murders to take place while he was stressfully doing so.However , I must admit that I did enjoy reading a couple of Kellerman 's other novels `` Murder Book '' & `` When the Bough Breaks '' quite some time ago .
 I just listened through an unabridged recording of the book.The blurbs should have warned me , '' ... re-invigorates a number of tried-and-true mystery conventions ... '' '' ... Bob Kahn 's reading adds suspense to Kellerman 's less than original plot ... '' '' ... adds complexity to flat characters ... `` Tried-and-true-and-friggin-predictable-and-boring plot and real flat characters indeed!I know mystery storytelling dates back hundreds , if not thousands , of years and basically every writer retells one of a few storylines in his own way . I have generally liked Kellerman 's previous books from the Delaware series . But this one just went on and on without any building up of that tingling under your skin that you expect from a good serial killer thriller . When Kellerman finally decides to cut to the chase -LRB- on CD # 8 out of 8 -RRB- , the end is a total anticlimax . I do n't mind anti-climactic endings - I just saw and liked `` The Constant Gardner '' - but the previous seven CDs seemed to building up to an all-out nuclear warfare , and I did n't know when it was time to wake up and hear the fat lady sing.The book does no credit to Kellerman 's excellent reputation . Where he tries to add emotional depth to an otherwise tepid story , the dialogue and the little soul-stirring twists fall flat . I mean , come on ! Stick to your knitting -LRB- or whittling or wordsmithy , whatever -RRB- , man .
 I did n't enjoy this book much - we spend too much time `` in the narrator 's head '' , with long drawn-out , repetitive thought processes . The plot was disappointingly predictable , and the tension between the main characters , the detective and Jeremy , was sadly lacking . Kellerman can do much better . .
 I usually enjoy the Kellerman books but this is not his best work . Major medical mistakes - Percocet is not an injectable drug , for example ! should have been screened . The characters are uninvolving , and the ending a big letdown after all the work to develop characters .
 Unfortunately there were not many redeeming qualities to this book . The book was frustrating in its lack of citation and I believe the author lacks any historical credibility . The author himself admits that he has no credentials in history or anthropology . Furthermore , the few bits of interest are far outweighed by overwhelming amounts of unnecessary historical fiction.As fascinating as many parts of this book were , The Ohlone Way was a disappointment . I began the book with no preconceived notions but almost immediately I was frustrated with the author 's style of writing . I found it nearly impossible to tell when the author was writing factual , sourced material , or if he was filling in blanks with accounts of other native cultures from the same time period or if he was purely speculating based on his own notions of what native life must have been like . The author stated that he did use sources on the Ohlone as well as other peoples and yet he rarely used actual citations . Such a lack of sources led me to doubt the historicity of much of the author 's statements.Another bothersome characteristic of The Ohlone Way was how the author presented his information/conjectures . Much of the story sounded like some sort of bad soap opera or one of those intolerable after school specials . I did n't understand the purpose of the story about the hypothetical divorced woman who wallowed in her own depression . There was no need for the long , drawn out explanation of how she triumphed over her depression by weaving the most beautiful hypothetical basket ever seen . I understand the author is trying to be creative and make history more appealing to a wider audience but there are plenty of other ways to do so without resorting to writing cheesy historical fiction.In closing , I would like to say that the Ohlone people and culture seem extremely fascinating but unfortunately I do n't feel like I really know very much about them . The author 's lack of citations , historical credibility , and his disregard for historical integrity have only led me to doubt nearly ever statement he made throughout the entire book . If he had taken out some of the fictional aspects of the book and spent his time more wisely on citing sources , The Ohlone Way could have been a most fascinating historical study rather than the somewhat silly novel it became .
 Content not as expected . Cost is too much for this book . Do n't waste your money .
 Let me start out by saying that I REALLY wanted to like this book . I have never read Harris before but have an interest in history/thriller/mystery idea . Needless to say I was excited about reading the book . In the end I was pretty disappointed.Pompeii chronicles the four days leading up to and including the eruption of Mt. Vesuvius . While this backdrop is intriguing , I have to agree that the time limitations made the character development non-existent , the plot underdeveloped , etc. . Marcus Attilius , aqueduct engineer from Rome stumbles across love , conspiracy , and heroism all within 96 hours . There are some interesting storylines here including the rebellion of young Corelia and the subsequent relationship with Attilius , the water conspiracy in Pompeii , the disappearance of Exomnius , etc. . Nevertheless none of these storylines are grossly developed and in the end I felt that I really did n't care what happened to anyone.The novel is at times hard to read and the character names hard to pronounce . All in all I was fairly disappointed and glad that the book was a mere 300 pages .
 I wo n't go into the details of the plot itself . The professional and readers ' reviews on this page do that . I want to comment on the flow of the plot and the characters which inhabit it . This book moves very slowly . There is very little tension . What does it matter if someone stole this or destroyed that ? There can be no real resolution of these matters because the reader knows that virtually everyone in the town of Pompeii will soon die when the volcano erupts . The characters might have been able to carry the reader along if they had been interesting , exciting people . But , they are cliches . The completely evil villain ; the sad , ever moral good guy . And they talk and talk and talk . Until the last third of the book , there is virtually no action in this supposed thriller . If you want a fast paced novel with vivid characters , you might want to look elsewhere .
 The novel has many , many historical flaws that render the story implausible at best . One gets the impression that it was written for a quick read , quick sell , and then right to the big-screen . In view of its publication date following shortly on the heels of the hit movie `` Gladiator , '' one can almost see the author rushing to cash-in on the Roman `` craze , '' spawned by that movie . All that would be fine , a light-entertainment piece aimed at a mass-market audience ; however , the author repeatedly boasts of his extensive historical research and accuracy in creating this novel , while persistently making gross historical errors throughout.As other reviews have noted , the principle characters are thinly drawn , with modern viewpoints that have little relation to the era in which they are set . The protagonist , Attilius , condemns slavery -LRB- even as he makes use of it -RRB- in a civilization that was built on slavery and could not have existed without it . He somehow manages to deduce that Mt. Vesuvious is about to erupt , even though volcanic eruptions were totally unknown to the Romans of his time . Even the most scientific mind of his era -LRB- who figures prominently in the novel -RRB- Pliny the Elder , has no clue , but a simple aquatic engineer figures this out ??? His love-interest Corelia 's very name smacks of shoddy scholarship on the part of the author , who poses himself as an expert in Romanology . By Roman tradition , her name would be Ampliatia , after her father ; the name `` Corelia '' has no connection to the girl 's family , and thus is not an accurate Roman name . But perhaps the most annoying , and laughable mistake is also the most minute ; everywhere in the novel , the characters are burning candles -- yes , wax candles ! One would think , with all of Mr. Harris 's indepth research of Roman engineering , that he might have deduced that candles are a relatively modern invention , first appearing in the middle ages , virtually unknown to the ancient Romans . Might this be why not a single candle , candlestick , or candle holder was found in the ruins of Pompeii or Herculaneum ? There 's not a single Roman artifact indicating the use of wax candles for illumination ; yet there are thousands upon thousands of oil lamps from the Roman era . This somehow escaped the author 's attention . Exactly what kind of research did he conduct for his `` meticulously '' researched novel ?
 Most good-to-great novels take some time to get absorbed in . -LRB- Think `` Moby Dick '' , `` Crime and Punishment '' , or even `` Lonesome Dove '' . -RRB- But not `` Pompeii '' by Robert Harris . Here you are immediately swept up in the excitement and suspense provoked by the appointment of a new `` aquarius '' overseeing the Aqua Augusta , the massive aqueduct supplying Pompeii and surrounding cities with fresh water . The resentment of his new charges , the mystery of what has happened to his predecessor , the reader 's awareness of the impending volcanic disaster - all this contributes to a compelling beginning within the first few pages.The momentum established in the first chapter of `` Pompeii '' is carried through - until somewhere near the halfway point of the novel . At about that point my interest started to flag . It began to be clear that the breakneck pace of the story had momentarily obscured the formulaic structure , the lack of any real subtlety in drawing the characters , and the thinness of the insights into the structure of 1st century Roman culture . I began to breathe a sigh of relief each time the author paused all-too-briefly for an exposition of the engineering details of aqueduct construction.Far shorter than any of the more famous novels mentioned above , `` Pompeii '' in the end proved a pleasant enough diversion . But the author missed the opportunity to turn his story-telling skills and immersion in the details of ancient water management techniques to greater advantage .
 The book started out okay , but went down hill from there . I do n't think characters and plot lines were developed as well as they could have been . Very disappointing considering how interesting the subject matter is . I found my mind wandering countless times while reading the book . It almost became a chore to pick it up where I left off . I just felt like something was missing throughout the read . I definitely do not recommend it .
 From the pedestrian dialogue to the adequate prose , Harris attaches lots of research . But there 's a reason he opens each chapter with quotes from texts on volcanoes . He 's too inadequate an author to incorporate this material into the actual text . No Leon Uris he ! All the characters are cardboard with the possible exception of Pliny , but Pliny 's views as expressed here on sexuality do not seem bona fide . Additionally , the hero 's behavior and thoughts are inconsistent . A better writer would have used this book as an outline for a much richer work . The basics are here , but little else . Do n't be surprised to find yourself skimming towards the end .
 Pompeii was the first Harris novel I have read . I had looked forward to it based on some reviews only to be disappointed . He did a fine job with the historical and scientific material , but his plot was no better than the plots of Hollywood B movies of the 1940 's and 50 's . The central character , the young aqueduct engineer , was able to go without sleep or food for three days and survive the fantastic forces of the eruption of Vesuvius - more than once ! Moreover , the moral stance of the novel is that it really did not matter what happened to all the other people in the path of the eruption - not just vile former slave now rich and manipulative land owner - as long as the young engineer rescued the young woman he met briefly just two days before the catastrophe . I think Harris really knows what are the geophysical consequences of a volcanic eruption , but not the human , and that is a serious fault as his central theme is the human response to the eruption .
 How is it possible for an author to take one of the most dramatic and destructive natural disasters in Western History and render it so flat and lifeless ? One-dimensional characters are the problem . Harris 's people have no personalities and no nuance ; they wander through a book that has the formal tone and stilted style of '50s gladiator movies . The only way to read this book is on fast-forward . Or better , wait for the movie .
 I read this in part because of the favorable reviews and after finishing the book I have to wonder what the favorable reviewers read . The book is composed of two or three barely related stories . The first is about a young roman water way specialist as he works to restore water to a town . The second and least important story is how the young engineer developes affection toward the daughter of a villain , and the third involves the destruction of Pompeii as a result of Mt Vesuvius 's eruption.None of the stories was especially engaging and I could have set the book aside at any time as the story and it 's ending were completely predictable .
 Robert Harris ' novel , POMPEII , is an instructive book . The reader learns about the Roman aqueduct system and about erupting volcanos . She also learns about the effects of the exploding volcano on the town of Pompeii and the people in it . The reader is also learns how people lived in 79 AD , what they wore , what they ate , their customs and religious observations . It 's all very instructive and ... -LRB- yawn -RRB- ... very boring.Unfortunately , the novel framework around all this research is weak and falls apart long before Vesuvious blows its top.Perhaps the worst transgressions in POMPEII are the cartoonish characters , cardboard thin and sterotypical . Hate that , do n't you?There is the evil contractor , the learned philospoher , the upright , honest hero , the innocent maiden in distress.Give me a break!There is very little action in the book except running around trying to find the leak in the aqueduct or dodging falling rock fropm the eruption . The best action takes place when a hapless slave was fed to a nasty eel as punishment for killing some fish.There are n't even any -LRB- ... -RRB- scenes in libidinous ancient Rome!I think this was a good idea and there is a good novel in in all this somewhere . Robert Harris just did n't manage to find it this time.But I learned a lot and there is something to be said for that
 Being an Italian who loves the Roman empire , I was quite excited on Pompeii and I bought it on the very first day . Unfortunately the book is boring boring and boring . Honestly , I gave up reading after 200 pages ... . Though I am not used at , why waste your time on an unlikely love affair set in a corrupted Roman town ? Just read Italian newspapers to find more actual love affairs in an even more corrupted Italian economy ...
 I liked the way it starts out painting a picture of Ancient Rome that is visually . But the characters soon turned dry.Especially because the main voice was a an Architect who had a very modern feel to him.Much like Michael Chricton 's `` Eaters of the dead , '' It lacked an Ancient point of view .
 If you are expecting a well-crafted , literary historical novel -LRB- regarding the eruption of Mt. Vesuvius in ancient Greece -RRB- , you will be disappointed . this book seems to have been designed for a mass audience . the plot of this book is not very imaginative or interesting and the prose is annoyingly slick . Finally , there is neither much detail regarding the history of ancient greece nor to volcanology , either of which might have provided more redeeming value for this book .
 Pompei , by Robert Harris , is terrible . It is written in a childish style like you used to get in the Weekly Reader in third grade . The plot is lighter that pumice . Do you think our hero , Attilius , will live through the eruption , go back to Pompei and find the girl ? Do you think Exomnius was on the take and Ampliatus is behind it all ? As soon as you meet these characters it is clear what is going to happen the writing is so bad . I was hoping that our hero would have to solve some intricate math in roman numerals , like in the Da Vinci Code , to add some interest . Do n't buy this in hard cover , wait for the comic book . Even Russell Crowe would turn down this movie , the plot it is so dumb .
 I 've read many books , in all genres , but I can only remember a few which made me throw the story aside half way through . The story set up far too many scenes dealing with nudity , homosexuality , and sexual fantasy . I thought the story was about a very entertaining aquarius and his quest to get the water running again in Pompeii . This story was too much for me , and I would never suggest this novel to anyone .
 Unfortunately , the book neither gives adequate information about the life of the people at the time , nor is the information about the Roman aqueducts really coherent . So , itb seems to me , this book is neither fish nor fowl.It is simply very superficial!It is still interesting and easy reading , only , after you 've finished , you do not really know , why you read it .
 I chose this book for a book review for my humanities class . The absolute BEST review I can give it is exceedingly tedious . It was a monstrous waste of my time and effort .
 I read `` Fatherland '' and liked it . Terrific premise -- that Hitler had not lost WWII -- and reasonably well-made characters.Then I read `` Enigma '' and hated it . I kept expecting it to get better . It never did . Unlike `` Fatherland , '' `` Enigma '' merely stuck to facts -- the breaking of the German code in WWII . The characters were lifeless and the plot a snore . `` Pompeii '' is more like `` Enigma '' -- no messing with actual history ; just a fictional rendition of it.And it is equally dull . I teach Latin , so I know the history and the details . The fictional characters are one-dimensional at best ; more like zero-dimensional . They are predictable and uninteresting . And the plot , of course , is known beforehand . The romance has no sparks.If you want to learn some history , this book will teach you . But as a novel it is dry , dry , dry .
 I enjoyed Harris ' `` Fatherland '' , but I 'm afraid I ca n't recommend `` Pompeii '' . The plot was linear and predictable and the one-dimensional characters were just not very interesting . For a historical novel I expected more insights into Roman thought and culture , but those aspects of the book were pretty superficial.It 's not a horrible book , but it 's just fluff . Fuff with a touch of history , but fluff nonetheless . I expected better .
 its ok , but it gives you to much information to soon , i mean the city of Pompeii is thrilling and so is teh thought of how the people must have felt about it , but this information filled book sucked teh life out of the doomed city , personally i think he could have done much better and his past books support that . I wish he couldve made some of the information just disapear then maybe it couldve made a better turn-out . I was throughly disapointed .
 I can not say I liked this book . It had its moments , but they were few and far between . Basically the plot is about an Aquarius -LRB- A guy who manges the aqueducts of Rome -RRB- and a Volcano with a little romance mixed in . Very boring indeed.Premise
 I adored Liz Ireland 's previous book and was eagerly looking forward to this one.What a letdown . It felt to me as though this storyline was simply recycled from a mish-mash of previous chick lits . Basic storyline
 I hate to give a low score to a Nalini Singh book but I really was n't a huge fan of either the hero or the heroine in this one . Jasmine is only 18 when she meets and falls in love with Tariq , son of the sheikh of a desert kingdom . Young and insecure , her family convinces her to leave Tariq and end the relationship . Four years go by when Jasmine hears of Tariq 's father , the sheikh passing . Having matured in the last four years and come into her own , Jasmine has realized the mistake she made in leaving the man she loved . She hops a plane back to Tariq , intent on making it work this time . Tariq knows that Jasmine has made plans to come back and he intends to make her stay . Picking her up from the airport he takes her to his palace and basically tricks her into marrying him . Sure , she knows what 's going on but it does n't change the fact that he thought he was doing it without her knowledge.Tariq is angry at her for leaving him all those years ago , which is understandable . However , what I do n't understand is his why he ties her to him when he is so intent on remaining angry with her and not trusting her . I feel like part of him does it so that he can punish her . He withholds his love from her and his words and actions border on cruelty . I know he 's afraid to show Jasmine how he feels because he does n't want to be hurt again but at a certain point I just stopped liking him.I liked Jasmine a little more but not much more . I did n't understand why she put up with Tariq 's behavior for as long as she did . Actually I think I do . Since she was the one who left him originally , I think believes his behavior is fitting punishment for her lack of faith and that this time around , she has to prove to him that her love will not be swayed - by him or anyone else . Unfortunately he did n't want to believe it for a very long time . When the Big Conflict finally occurs I was mad at both of them - Tariq for his lack of trust and Jasmine for putting up with it for so long . He also says something incredibly cruel to her during a big fight which made me want to punch him.Though I did feel an emotional connection between the two characters , in the end , there was little romance in this romance novel . I am glad I read it because Nalini Singh is one of my favorite authors and I liked taking a look at her early work . But I would not recommend this to someone if I wanted to turn them on to her books . My copy of Desert Warrior was bundled with the new release , Lord of the Abyss . Lord of the Abyss is freakin ' AWESOME -LRB- see review here -RRB- so , if you 're interested in Desert Warrior , pick up the bundled version with Lord of the Abyss . * I received this book free of charge from the publisher in exchange for an honest review . This , in no way , affected my opinion or review of this book .
 Dull and dopey . -LRB- And I 'm someone who generally * likes * sheik romances ! -RRB- Unless you 're a sheik-romance enthusiast who simply must own every Rudolph Valentino retread to roll down the highway , I 'd say save your money on this one .
 Much of The Pride is a boring , narcissistic exercise.Long passages read as if they were the author lecturing rather than the characters speaking . These history telling monologues inform and reinform the reader about the mores , foibles and existence of this `` elite '' group of African-Americans as if their existence were a revelation . It was repetitious and preachy and the characters tended to speak as if they were clones of the author . The Pride was also incrediably slow-moving because it lacked sufficient interaction and believable dialogue between the characters . Thus , what I recall and detest about the characters is that they all graduated from Dartmouth , Harvard or Mount Holyoke ? -LRB- are these the author 's favorite best ? colleges -RRB- and use adjectives such as `` knucklehead '' or `` chucklehead '' repetitively to describe foolish acquaintances . How quaint ! I struggled to complete this novel , and by the time I did , I cared not at all about the outcome of the so - called plot .
 I truly wanted to read The Pride , so much that I forced myself to get through half the novel before I abandoned it . Mr. Ford writes lovely prose and can turn a phrase . Unfortunately , this novel is bogged down with tedious character development and a plodding storyline . It takes the first hundred pages or so to get several characters to a decedent 's memorial service . Then , the next 1/3 of the book is spent over a luncheon meeting . Before the lunchgoers had finished their meal , I was completely tired of them and their business deliberations . I had no interest in continuing .
 I did not enjoy `` The Pride '' at all . The plot has all the right ingredients for a really fine story
 love is the other side of hate - intense and unforgettable . still it 's better to love and not to love , for in loving we learn much about ourselves .
 True , God is not just Love , do n't believe only the parts convenient to you . You need to understand the whole scope of God and have fear for him . By fear I would mean awareness of his justness and impartiality . God is the supreme judge as well as the one who is love.That said , I think this so-called most famous sermon goes against how Jesus presented God . While it could do a job in scaring the hell out of people , it lacks balance . Jesus preached about hell as a part of the whole picture and not just about it . I do n't see Jesus relying on scare-tactics and harsh words to get his point across . The only people Jesus came hard against were the Pharisees and other religious people who were self-righteous and thought just knowing the scriptures and following a bunch of rules `` made up by man '' were the way to please God . These ` rules ' were all the rules added to the original commandment , for example , the scripture spoke of 40 lashes but the Pharisees would say go 39 times in case of a miscount.This sermon is a brutal scare tactic that might give a church a spiritual kick in the butt but I do n't think it would benefit people in the long run . While some christians have overblown God 's love to the point of denying his wrath , overblowing God 's wrath at the expense of his love is just the reverse of the first blunder .
 In the light of -LRB- Matthew 16:18 -19 -RRB- what are the revivalists trying to revive ? The Hell that is revealed in Scripture by the Orthodox Church is far worse than anything Mr. Edwards could ever come up with for it is being without God -LRB- 1 Corin 2:9 -RRB- . We should live neither out of fear of punishment nor out of the desire for reward , but for the sake of love of God , which should be our only goal . -LRB- 1 John 4:18 -RRB- . Gods Grace and Love is much more and far greater than simple earthly human emotionalism -LRB- Philip 2:12 . -RRB- * Eternal fire is not material as we know it , but only such as God knows . St. John Damascene *
 In a nutshell , Edwards writes about hell and that we are all destined and deserving to go there unless Jesus protects us from the Father . While the wrath of God and the existence of hell are obviously present in the Bible , something seems off with this piece of literature . I found myself wishing that the Father was more like Jesus , which does n't make sense . I found it difficult to pray to my `` Abba '' in the heavens . I believe that , in the end , Jesus came to set us free from the sin that holds us as slaves , to lead us back to the arms of our loving Father , to heal and to renew , not just to protect us from the Father as Edwards seems to suggest here . One of the reasons that people are unable to trust God completely is because they do n't believe that He is perfectly good , only powerful.I do understand what many other reviewers have said in regards to the words of Jesus to the self righteous . It 's true that he does n't compromise , which we should be thankful for . Without the destruction of all that is evil , how could the perfect kingdom of God , the renewal of all that is good that is spoken of in the Bible , be realized ? I do n't want to challenge any doctrines , I am not qualified to do that . I only wish to encourage all who read this book to question the character of the God that Edwards presents . Jesus said to love our enemies , would n't he do the same ? I have not read anything else by Jonathan Edwards -LRB- I really do n't want to now -RRB- , and I know that he is greatly respected by many people . Hopefully his other works are better than this one . If you read this book , I would suggest using this piece of advise from a favorite author of mine . `` The acid test for any theology is this
 Hopefully , Jonathan Edwards ' sermon will soon be relegated to its proper place in history
 I believe the editor has missed the mark and failed to properly address what the Gospel is all about ... . grace . The editor is obviously young and without enough life experience to know how to write the TRUTH . It is a shame that Christians must be fed misinformation by individuals who do not know what they are talking about . It is only by grace that we can come to Him ... the rest is irrelevant .
 could be worse than this piece of obscenity utterly bereft of any type of merit . To think that there are those who believe in a god who is just WAITING to cast his children into an eternal , everlasting , writhing , excruciating , pit of endless torment , is to think completely in contradiction to the message of Jesus Christ.If Jesus Christ was God -LRB- and I believe He was -RRB- then why did n't he spend every waking moment of his life warning about this Father of His who was waiting to torture His children ? NOTHING else would have been as important-not healing the sick , forgiving sin , preaching the Sermon on the Mount , or feeding the multitudes as it would be to spend every living moment talking about the wrath to come . Merciless , pitiless , cruel wrath.In order to back up Edwards ' diatribe , Jesus should have said , `` My Father in heaven HATES you-every last one '' , `` It is my Father 's good pleasure to see his children twist and turn in agony in front of a grinning demon who smiles fiendishly as he lights another piece of brimstone . '' In other words , what would have been the point of the Gospels or the Good News ? What would have been the point of love ? What would have been the point of forgiveness ? What would have been the point of charity ? What indeed would have been the point of the Bible except to say `` you 're damned with an everlasting damnation ? `` Scriptures such as `` now abide these three things , faith , hope , and love , and the greatest of these is love . '' would have been childishly naive . The greatest would have been punishment . The Bible would not have been God 's `` love letter '' to us as some have called it , but a book that described such miseries as to make the Holocaust look tame in comparison . That is if we are to believe in Edward 's strange , disjointed , and schizophrenic ideas of God.The more I think about Edwards and his theology the more I believe that he told us very , very little about God , but a whole lot about Johnathan Edwards . He composed a sadistic , twisted piece of prose intended to scare people into believing in a petty , small , autocratic god , who , in the end , discarded people into a a huge fiery trash can full of infinite punishments for finite crimes ; a god who would make Bin Laden , Hitler , Mussolini , and Stalin infinitely proud.A god sort of like , well , Johnathan Edwards .
 There is no measure how harmful and disastrous this `` sermon '' has been to all who have read or heard it . The teaching of hell or everlasting damnation -LRB- eternal torment -RRB- is a pagan teaching that has been graphed into the teachings of Christianity over 1800 years ago . The first century church never believed in a `` hell '' . The theory of hell was brought in by converts to Christianity from pagan religions of the world . `` Hell '' was embraced by the political/religious leaders of the church because they saw the controlling and `` converting '' effect of the pagan doctrine and thus it was adopted as `` orthodox '' centuries after the resurrection of Christ . Our English translations have all been used to continue this pagan teaching as fact , when it is actually fiction . Mostly all English versions except the Concordant Literal New Testament and Young 's Literal propagate this fallacy.Do your homework . Go to www dot what-the-hell-is-hell dot com and www dot bible-truths dot com and read up . If you scoff then here is your challenge . Do the research from a non-traditional , non-pagan perspective and you might find incredible things to praise God about.Other HIGHLY recommended books are `` The Inescapable Love of God '' by Thomas Talbott -LRB- ISBN
 The Psalms in Worship is a selection of Psalms or Psalm parts divided to be read by leader and congregation , by two voices , by chorus and solo voices ... etc. . While I am fond of antiphonal Psalm repetition and while Psalm scholarship has shown that some Psalms are intended to be done in various voices , I fail to see how the divisions proposed by the authors of this volume enhance or emphasis the meaning and structure of the Psalm.The final section of this book includes responsories based on Psalms which are well done . For example a call to worship based on Psalm 34:3 has the leader say `` Glorify the Lord with me '' to which the people respond `` Let us exalt his name together '' . I do not , however , find this portion sufficient to justify recommending the book .
 I had to read this book for a literature class . I found the book at my local library in the teen section . The story is creative and interesting but the editor did a very poor job on this book . It was really more annoying to read than anything because I felt like I should be editing the book as I read . There were long , over descriptive sentances that I had to go back and read over again to understand . There were even sentances in the book that made no sense at all ; Just a bunch of words put together . It 's really frustrating to have to read such a poorly written book and it 's sad because the story could have been really good .
 Ursula K. Le Guin is my favorite writer . That is why I advise you
 `` The eye of the heron '' is about a planet that started as a prison planet . There are two different groups of people living here , both with their own outlook at life . The first group is democratically organised and every decision has to be made by all the members of the group . The second group is very strictly organised and decisions are being made by the leader . The first group is being dominated by the second group and are only allowed to live in a small part of the planet . Eventually they revolt against that , but without using violence.Luz is the main character of the book . She is the daughter of the leader of the second group . She realises that there are other ways of living your life and she has to make a decision about her future.I did n't like this book too much . I thought it was mediocre . I liked the fact that there are two very different groups of people living in a planet , but the story was very shallow . The differences were very black & white and the people were n't becoming real people to me . I would n't want to read this book again !
 First off , this novel comes from a larger collective novel called Millennial Women published in 1978 . This novel , as well as the other stories , follow the basic theme of a strong female protagonist throwing off the shackles of some dominating male -LRB- s -RRB- . So The Eye of the Heron has the sense of being constrained by what the author has to write to , as well as being ten years dated even for 1978 . The secondary theme of the story is a revolution , of sorts , by non-violence . When one thinks of non-violence one typically thinks of Gandi . However , Gandi made use of non-violence in India , oppressed by the British , by the fact that there were so many of them , almost a billion at the time , and so many fewer of the British dominators , so refusing to provide services literally shut down the country if one wanted that country to run . But as someone once said , violence has ` solved ' more conflicts than any other method in history . In Russia between WWI and -LRB- during -RRB- WWII , Russia so dominated in population all of the surrounding countries it occupied that if any one tried non-violent revolution , the Russians would simply tortured , kill , or starve the population until they went extinct , and then just go on to the other countries it dominated . In the novel there were n't enough of the oppressed group to have non-violence succeed , and at least Le Guin knew that , because basically that attempt fails.The two groups , the oppressors and the oppressed , ended up on a planet by different methods . The oppressors were originally criminals sent there by earth , sort or a penal colony -LRB- think of Australia -RRB- . The oppressed started as a group called the People of the Peace in a movement called Peace on Earth . This movement began the Long March through the countries of Europe and people joined them on the way . Eventually they all took boats to Montreal of Canamerica -LRB- I 'm not making this up -RRB- and desired to populate the central plains of what is now Canada , but the government of Canamerica thought they were spies of some non-descript entity called the Republic and so offered to send the lucky ones on one-way ships to the penal colony world . Now one can look at a modern map of Canada and see a lot of open space in central Canada , but the reason Canadians or any one else , have n't populated that area in large numbers in because of bitter cold , and people of peace dancing around campfire naked or lying in the grass looking up at the clouds do n't come across as a group that would generally tolerate arctic tundra cold , but also in central Canada there exists a small gnat that gets through the holes of the typical screen and delivers a painful bite . Also the mosquitoes are in such huge numbers that they 've been described as a moving mat on a lake surface . Going back to the Soviet Union/Russian Empire , the Russians took anyone who did n't follow the rules , strip them , and threw them outside of the camp . These people would freeze to death in winter , or be eaten alive by the swarms of insects in summer . My uncle described a situation in the labor camp when working on some force project in the woods where if one had to relieve a bodily function , you would climb a tree to a limb , since the insects stayed mostly along the ground , and relieve yourself from there , otherwise the insects would be relentless on any exposed skin surface . Anyway , Le Guin apparently was n't aware of the inhospitality by nature of central arctic Canada , so this sets up a flaw in her that there 's got to be some place for people calling themselves whatever to find some country that would allow them to set up shop . Anyway on another planet there 's got to be enough room , but no one can know enough to do anything until our protagonist forces the issue . For the protagonist , Luz , think of a snotty 16 year old kid that has all the answers , but not responsible for anything so does n't take any blame for anything . I 'm not sure how this character would be inspiring to any adult woman that is striving for independence from dominating men -LRB- a worthy issue -RRB- and may be why this novel has been relegated to the young adult section.Le Guin writes some interesting descriptions of the natural creatures and flora of the planet , but even her prose of this becomes tiresome after a while . Not a necessary book within feminine studies and certainly not within science fiction .
 Mike Hammer was an alcoholic , a brutal fighter , a bully with a short temper , and he carried a loaded gun . He was also a racist , a sexist , a homophobe and thought his way was the only way . He was , in short , what inexperienced 16-year old boys wanted to be in 1950 . Gorgeous women threw themselves at him , pleading for his -- his whatever . He had plenty of money , although no one seemed to be paying him . His `` heap '' -LRB- automobile -RRB- looked shabby but it had a powerful , souped-up engine . What more could one ask?For one thing , reality . That was the missing ingredient . In this book , Hammer 's best pal , an ex-cop , is murdered , and Hammer is devastated . So is the murdered pal 's girlfriend , an ex-drug addict . Hammer spends a lot of time drinking , driving and drooling as he goes after the murder -- but there is no mention of a funeral for the pal . Funerals are reality , and Mickey Spillane did n't bother with such trivialities . I give this as but one example.Still , there is a certain pleasure in reading Spillane , if only for his literary style . He did n't invent the staccato sentence sequences , but he certainly was master of them . `` I , the Jury '' followed the Dashiell Hammet books and others . Mike Hammer was n't exactly an original , just an exaggeration of it . Unfortunately , one of Spillane 's books is enough to satisfy my thirst for another 50 years or so .
 Truly , truly bad ... If you want good noir , see , Hammett or Chandler -LRB- both pof the Macdonalds are great too -RRB- . Spillane simply does not know how to write
 I had to buy this book under duress -LRB- one of those lecturer/author situations at uni -RRB- , and was very disappointed to find that there is text and bullet points missing - the pages are in the right order 58,59 , etc. . But the bottom of p58 does not correspond with the top of p59 . Crap printing as well . Look elsewhere if you have to buy this book .
 Mandi Norwood is an angry woman . Through the lens of resolute feminism , Norwood presents a venomously skewed scenario of modern marriage and relationships . Blatantly anti-establishment , she balks at traditions such as taking one 's husband 's name , nurturing and caring for one 's family , and taking on the responsibility of creating a healthy home environment . Her tone is perpetually pissed off -- a shock to those of us who are happy in our relationships , engagements , or marriages . Perhaps Norwood should have titled her book `` The Complete Guide to My Pessimistic Outlook on Modern Marriage . ''
 First off , this book is not about sex , it 's about marriage , so do n't waste your money if you 're looking for sex tips . In any case , Mandi Norwood utterly disapproves of sex advice for women -LRB- but more on that later -RRB- . The purpose of this book is to teach new-millennium wives how to act like 1950 's husbands - only I truly doubt if 1950 's husbands were quite as selfish , thoughtless and utterly inconsiderate as this book suggests wives should be.Offered a job on the other side of the world ? Do n't discuss it with your husband , just go home and tell him you 're taking it regardless of what he thinks . He can either come with you or get lost . Feel like taking a year off to travel the world -LRB- using your joint savings to do it ? -RRB- . Do n't ask him how he feels about the impact on your finances or how it might affect your future plans . Just give him a list of places you 're going . Invite him along , sure , but do n't make out you give a damn either way . And let him know that your destinations of choice are non-negotiable . If he has places he wants to go ` you can talk about that ' . Feel like having an affair ? Go for it . Society says this is OK for husbands -LRB- apparently - though that 's news to me -RRB- so it 's OK for wives too.I think when most people get married they have at least some intention of making the other person happy . But to Mandi Norwood this is not only irrelevant but wrong . Redbook magazine had the temerity to publish tips for women on how to be terrific in bed . How dare they ! Who cares whether your husband enjoys your sex life ? The only important thing is that you do . -LRB- Quite a risky position to take when three weeks without sex is portrayed by one of Norwood 's friends as grounds for divorce . -RRB- Showing you care for your husband , or showing him any kind of loyalty , is portrayed as hopelessly outdated . If his brother 's wife is leaving him , get on the phone and give her advice on how to get the best divorce settlement . And always remember , his mother is the enemy . -LRB- Actually all women over 45 are utterly contemptible sell-outs according to Mandi -RRB- . The start of the book is full of women expressing their reservations about marriage and why they were reluctant to do it . It 's never explained , anywhere , why they did , or why anyone would . The unbearably self-satisfied Norwood -LRB- who throughout the book seems to think all women are just like her -RRB- says : `` My life plan was pretty much this
 i 'm a women in the army and have 2 kids with my husbanded . he lets me do what i went in the point of letting me chase my dreams . and yes i keep my own last name . i like it . but i still keep in mined that my husbanded and kids have feeling to . so when i read this book it pissed me off . if this book is about married girl of today . why dos it sounded like a women that need to get a divorce and anger mangment class . i think if u want to be anger at the world and are ready to leave your husband then this book is for u.
 I 'm getting married next year , and I 've read alot of books related to marriage and planning weddings , and this was the worst waste of them all . The author spends the whole book ranting about what ` our ' mothers did wrong and how modern women should all be bit - I mean witches like her . She never talks about finding what 's right for yourself , you either worship Norwood , or you belong in your mothers generation and are doomed to pain misery . In Norwood 's world their seems to be no possibility of compromise , it 's his way or hers . She blames the disruption of the '50s family on ` his way ' and praises ` her way ' as the path to success . Total self-centered spoiled princess BS . This woman is an conceited idiot , and this book is a waste of time and money .
 ... if you want her marriage to end in bitter divorce . This book emphasizes `` me '' over `` we '' at every turn . It completley omits the idea that a woman might want to put her job on hiatus while her children are young . In fact , it suggests getting a nanny so you do n't have to deal with them at all . To summerize , love your children , but aviod a real relationship with them . Same goes for the rest of your family . You ca n't go to your mother for advice . She either , `` lost her identity to that of ` the little wife ' '' or `` swallowed the Superwoman ideal and collapsed under the pressure ... '' -LRB- p. 10 -RRB- Your husband is an inferior life form , according to this book . He must be domesticated with negative reinforcement . The book suggests standing in the middle of the room and yelling until you get what you want . Extra points for swearing . Otherwise , you will be taken for granted . Effective , but not well thought out . Then there 's the section on how affairs can help your marriage . If you 're a conservative Christian , you wont like the chapter about why you need to sleep around to help decide who you should marry . It seems everthing Cosmo and Redbook says about nice ways to show your man what you want in bed is just a waste of time to this woman . It 's more efficient to find one who already knows.This book is all about life with a roomate you happen to have sex with , not a marriage . I gave it two stars because there were a few things I agreed with , such as not giving your husband ultimatums and it is important not to lose yourself in your marriage -LRB- or job , or anything else in life -RRB- but I 'm glad I borrowed it from the library . I 'd be very disappionted if I had spent the money.I would suggest this book to someone who does n't like her husband and wants him to spend all his time in the bar . He will need to be very , very drunk to be willing to come home to you . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I did not disagree with many of the author 's assertions that marriage in the past has not been a picnic for women . I believe that historically wives have been given the shaft , and that a cultural shift in this regard is a positive thing . But her solutions to these issues were utterly laughable to me . Marriage is a partnership where both husband and wife should work hard to please , sacrifice when needed , cheer each other on , and aid each other in their individual and mutual goals -- and above all , love unconditionally . Amazingly , the ideas of the author seemed incredibly outdated -- like a throw-back to 1990s ' feminism . -LRB- And I should know ! I have a minor in Women 's Studies from the 90s . -RRB- Hey , I 'm all for feminism , but I do not believe in the notion of elevating one gender over the other . Have n't we moved beyond that initial knee-jerk reaction and realized that equality and mutual respect is the better , more mature response ? I do n't think we need to create the same kind of environment for men in marriage that women of generations past had to endure . Two wrongs do not make a right . We need a fresh , new model for marriage in which both participants are actively engaged in making the relationship work -- not some `` to hell with you ! '' model that is as old as the hills and never did anyone any good . I do not give this author the permission to represent me and my ideas as a modern married woman !
 These comments refer to the old Continuum edition , NOT to the Stanford edition , which is a fine translation ... While not wishing to detract from what has been said about the importance of this book , it is worth mentioning that the English translation is scandalously bad and in need of replacement . I 've had occasion to make extensive comparisons between the German original and the translation and the results are not encouraging . Much is simply flat-out wrong -LRB- e.g. , sometimes the translator mistakes one German word for another -RRB- even more is unnecessarily clumsy . While Horkheimer and Adorno adopted a rather dense style of writing , nothing they produced is quite as cumbersome as what readers of this translation have had to endure.One can sympathize with the translator -- he did the translation at a time when very little by Horkheimer and Adorno was in English and it appears that he worked under a rather tight schedule -LRB- it is possible to find errors piling up on a page and then suddenly ceasing -- suggesting that the poor fellow took a break and came back later on , with happier results -RRB- . But there is no forgiving the publisher for leaving this text uncorrected for so long despite a long-standing consensus among students of the Frankfurt School that this is a deeply flawed translation . That anything of the power of the original makes it through the muck of this translation is a testimony to the force of Horkheimer and Adorno 's ideas.A new translation is long overdue . Until then , readers coming to the work of the Frankfurt School might want to seek out Max Horkheimer 's Eclipse of Reason , a summary of the argument elaborated here which Horkheimer delivered in English at Columbia University at about the same time of as the publication of the German original of this book .
 Gunzelin Schmid Noerr , the editor of the Stanford edition of DIALECTIC OF ENLIGHTENMENT , has taken a dense , difficult book and made it more work to read . Horkheimer and Adorno 's `` philosophical fragments '' reward the reader not only with sustained analyses of capitalist culture , but also with pithy one-liners worthy of the authors ' role as the philosophical Statler and Waldorf heckling Euro-American civilization . But Noerr 's pedantry constantly gets in their way and yours.The edition has two problems
 This book barely provides the entertainment value of what it costs to purchase . The photos themselves are haphazard with little artistic value . There are some interesting graphic design elements to this book but they are few . Overall , a disappointment ...
 Amazing that Coleman Barks credits himself as translator of Rumi , despite apparently never having even read Rumi 's writing in the original Persian . R. Nicholson , whose translations from the original Farsi Barks cribs -LRB- sorry - `` rephrases '' -RRB- in several books , himself admits
 Unless you enjoy working hard at reading novels , I do n't recommend this book . Before you start take a look at the 411 notes in the back that you will have to study -LRB- unless you know already know -RRB- to get something out of this work .
 Kim is a good . though dated . novel . but badly transcribed . In some places very badly transcribed .
 good book , but this digital format is messed up . whoever converted this from the gutenberg project version did n't do it right .
 The description claims the Kindle edition has page numbers . I tried it on Kindle for iPad and Kindle for PC and guess what ! There are no page numbers ! I have the latest versions of Kindle on both PC and iPad !
 I bought this book for my kindle touch but it wo n't download ! I really wanted to read it because it sounded interesting . Sincerely , Your Would Have Been Customer
 This one 's not properly formattedfor the KindleDo n't bother!It will drive you nutsBut do n't overlook the bookKipling is a lot more sophisticated than he looksSome have called this a mystery or thrillerI loved the intricate look at cultureand a little bonusA lama 's enlightenment
 Review for Public Domain Books edition of Kim with ASIN
 OK to start I was completely board through what I read of KIM . Dont be fooled most people who come on to write reviews are history majors and like anything that is historical . Let me tell you that for a normal person KIM will not be all that interesting ! I will give Kipling credit for spending much of his life in India , this is apparent in the novel where he shows a vast understanding of the culture but again if you are not a history buff this is not a book for you .
 I had heard that Kim was one of the best books of all time . Had to wait 2 months for library to acquire it.Have never been so disappointed in anything . Cults , voodoo , spells , magic , demonic activity , caste system , blasphemy , abuse , violence , superstition , humanism -LRB- worship of certain humans -RRB- , depression , ... UGH !! WHAT A WASTE OF TIME !! DO N'T BOTHER READING THIS .
 If you want to be bored , comfused , and perplexed , you should read this book . I would certainly not recommend it for teens and younger people . It 's very confusing dialect and the story has no plot at all . In fact , if you read the preface by the author , he actually says that the book is pointless . Heres what I mean . In one chapter , the chacters sat by the side of the road ALL DAY . Well good for them , but nobody wants to read 39 pages about it . Everyone that I have talked to about this book have all dispised it for it 's lack of . . well ... anything . In fact , I had to sit and force myself to read a chapter . When the author ends every word with a `` th '' it makes it very hard to understand what is going on . Many adults say that it is supposed to be a `` role model '' book . Is a 13-year-old boy who smokes and calls people horrible names a role model ? I do n't think so .
 If you are interested in Indian culture , read it . The language is so thick you have to either trudge through it to ` get it ' or skim it and miss it altogether . Very time consuming for such a short novel .
 Kim , by Rudyard Kipling , is a book that can not relate to anyone who is not connected to India today . Kim came out in the 19th century when England was in India . This book appealed to the people back home because they wanted to learn about what their relatives were experiencing down there . In our day , England is not occupying India , so there is no connection at all to India . I think that people would appreciate Kim if they lived in the 19th century , but not now in the 21st . I also think that the plot in Kim is weak . Kim is a son of two Europeans who have died ; his father was in the British army , and his mother was a nurse . He is trying to find out is true identity ; for even though his skin is brown , and he looks just like an Indian , Kim is of European blood . The book follows Kim and his llama -LRB- priest -RRB- friend as they journey across India in search of a special river the llama is determined to find . On the way , Kim is found by an English army regiment , and the army , after learning about who Kim really is , puts Kim in school . Kim eventually runs away from school , and becomes a spy for Britain . In the end , Kim and the llama find the special river , and Kim `` finds '' himself.Another drawback to people living in this day and age trying to read this book is that the book , even though very well written , is brimming with Indian words Kipling sticks in in just about every paragraph . He says , for example , '' The old street vender gave Kim a piece of bread -LRB- nan -RRB- and told him to be off . '' In reading the book , I found it very hard to read around these `` road blocks '' without getting distracted.I do not recommend this book to anyone who has never had any experiences overseas in the land of India .
 If you want to read a book where there is no plot , no action and no humor look no further than Kim . Too bad Kipling spent so many years writing this novel . Just So Stories and the Jungle Book are childhood favorites of mine , Kim just lacks that charming quality in this adult novel . Think Huck Finn meets Pip set in India with no where to go and nothing to do .
 Please ! I thought kipling was supposed to be a good author . . Until I read Kim . I can not comprehend why anyone would enjoy or have any desire to read a piece of utter -LRB- ... -RRB- like this . In the first chapter I got bored . In the second chapter my mind wandered . By the fifth chapter I was having convulsions . By the tenth chapter I was having a severe epileptic seisure and was experiencing demonic posession of some type . . Ok , well maybe it was n't that bad , but this book is a disgrace to reputable literature . If books had odors this one would be a heap of fertilizer in the hot July sun . I 've read some other Kipling books and they were decent , but this bag of cat droppings gave me mental cramps and contortions . I 'm hemorraghing here ! Help ! Save me from this -LRB- ... -RRB- ...
 this is first time i came across a book formatted so that its become unreadable .
 Kim is a great story , but this is NOT the edition to buy . It 's too bad , because it 's a handsome book , sturdily built , and with the largest text out there -LRB- which is why I bought it -RRB- . But unfortunately the text is full of misprints . Random periods , missing letters , wrong words , and a section of repeated text like a cut and paste operation gone astray . It 's a bad value , and a worse gift . Move on ...
 Perhaps it was my fault but I have given `` New Yorker Books '' of various cartoon subject matter in the past and have been delighted . This little book is tiny !! It 's about 4 '' X 3 '' and not a quarter of an inch thick . I would have been happier had I known in advance . There is nowhere in the copy that alludes to this surprise . Many of the tiny little cartoons are very funny , however .
 These books are quite tiny , as in pocket-size . The original hardcover is a standard size book , but not this edition , although the only difference in the heading is paperback versus hardcover . While poetry can be lovely in pocket size books , detailed cartoons suffer in the miniature edition . In the original , the cartoons are wonderful . Fabulous gift of laughter for someone who is hospital-bound , which was my intention , but this edition is too small to be fully enjoyed , especially by anyone with vision affected by age/illness . Oddly , even though it was only two weeks after receiving the books when I tried to return them -LRB- because they are just too small for the older patients for whom these are intended -RRB- according to the Amazon site these are only eligible to be replaced with others of the same item , these are not eligible to be returned for a refund . Peculiar because Amazon has been good about returns in the past . Go figure . So be careful to check the size listed in the fine print on each edition that you consider before you order !
 I must admit I did n't make it through 100 pages . I had good intentions , made it through the first 40 or so , then promised that I would pick up again ` later . ' It 's now been a couple of weeks and I 've made every excuse that I could think of , before realizing that it 's not you -- it 's me . So I must with reluctance -LRB- but relief -RRB- consign this book to the box in the basement marked `` goodwill . ''
 Anyone who has read The Company surely will be disappointed with this short novel . While it was a fast read , it was mostly unspectacular and the writing was poor .
 `` The Publisher 's Review '' was kind to end its assessment of the book with , '' ... but a little silly . '' `` Silly '' began about page five and reappeared frequently during the remaining 285 pages . We 're looking here at `` silly '' at the high school composition level , and the plot is strained and worse even than the writing.This was copywritten 13 years ago , and Littell has become a somewhat better writer in the interim . I just finished his latest , `` The Company , '' and it was worth about 31/2 stars . I 'll skip anything else by him.The old phrase , `` the book 's not worth the candle , '' is too kind for `` The Once and Future Spy . ''
 How could the author of so great a book as `` The Company '' draft such a mediocre cliche-ridden effort as this . One reason , I submit , is that he could n't make up his mind if he wanted to write a historical novel or a spy novel . He had a similar dilemma in `` An Agent in Place '' where he could n't decide whether he wanted to write a love story or a spy story . `` The Company '' was a whole dimension above most spy novels . `` The Once and Future Spy , '' sadly , is simply a uninspired work . The plot was highly improbable , the characters lacked credibility , and Littell resorted to too many cheap plot tricks to speed the book along , at the cost of believeability . Even the whole theme of `` whose truth ? '' also is not all that unique . Do n't want to give the ending away so I wo n't say any more about that except that , personally , I found the ending to be highly unsatisfying . I still have a few more Littell books to read and I am hoping that I will get from them the deep pleasure I got from `` The Company . '' Littell 's capable of much much better work than reflected in this novel .
 No , `` Weird '' is not a term usually associated with a book review , but it 's difficult to think of a better one-word description here.This book is so convoluted , and much of it rather illogical , that it is hard to believe the same author has written thecomplex , detailed and fascinating book , `` The Company . '' This one must have been some sort of practice run.As we read through it , there are interesting parts , but we keepthinking as we go along that the author will surely bring it alltogether in a satisfying way . But he never does . There is anending of sorts , but the story never quite comes together . And many of us will not be wishing there was more , we will , instead , be wishing we had spent our time more profitably.The story , on the surface , is about an ultra-secret project bya handful of CIA operatives working outside even that organization , with the direction and approval of the Attorney General , and the aim of this project is to sow discord in theheart of one of our Muslim enemy countries , while also bringinginto disrepute everything that country stands for . A laudablegoal , and a very nice starting point for this type novel.But the author insists on intermixing with that story another , and parallel , story about Nathan Hale during our Revolutionagainst the British Empire . The Hale story is quite far-fetched , so it detracts rather than adds to the central theme.With the shifts in both era and story , this is not exciting , butrather distracting . Not a very well-put-together story and ultimately dissatisfying .
 I neglected to add the following to my previous review . The author would have the reader believe that the murderer simply poured gasoline on the victim then disposed of the gasoline can , lit a match , all while the victim stayed still waiting his fate . Assuming a fire can be easily be started in this manner , would not the murderer also have been injured by the resulting fire since she was just a few feet away ? Would not the victim at the very least moved or gotten out of the vehicle since he would not have died instantly?I fould it hard to enjoy this book based on a false premise .
 I was very disappointed in this book . I felt I had to finish it because SOMETHING had to happen to make it worth reading . It never did . After a while I did n't even care what happened to the characters . Hope the next one is better .
 There are just too many coincidences and unbelievable incidents that mar this book.A bicyclist hit by a `` large car driving fast towards her '' is uninjured and fails to obtain information from the driver . Much later she goes to London for no mentioned reason and while there decides to go to the gallery in the House of Lords . She almost immediately recognizes the voice of the person speaking as the one who hit her.I presume the editor caught this and other unbelieable incidents , but it would have perhaps been difficult to make changes -LRB- after all James is 85 -RRB- and still make the publishing deadline . In fact I would go so far as to say there could not have been a book if incidents such as the above were eliminated.This is probably James ' last Dalgliesh book .
 I am a huge fan of PD James and Adam Dagliesh , but this book just did not work for me . The characters were unappealing , the plot was unbelievable . I normally love mysteries that are slow-paced and build to a climax , and normally you can count on PD James for this type of mystery , but not this time . The book was boring , by the end I found myself wishing I had n't wasted my time . It was so disappointing .
 I always finish a book and I tried very hard to stick with this one . But half way through it , I realized that I was wasting precious time so I gave up on it . There are just too many descriptive paragraphs that add nothing to the story or the characters . The characters are stuffy and even the ones you are supposed to like , come off as wooden . The writing style simply does not flow so I found myself re-reading . Do n't waste your money or time with this one ...
 I found this book to be horrible . I 'm and engineer , so I 'm not out looking for any hidden symbolism or themes in a book , I just want a good mystery . But this book had plenty of underlying themes that just annoyed me to no end . First and foremost , the author seems to have a love of Jaguars which she ca n't contain . Its Jaguar Jaguar Jaguar for the entire book . Sure , I understand that it does relate to the story , but jeez , who cares that everyone drives a Jaguar . Oh , the detective never gets into his `` car '' ... no no , he gets into his Jaguar ... she is very careful to spell that out every time . People either drive Jaguars , BMWs , or Mercedes in this book , or if they are poor Ford Fiestas and bikes ... Thats it . The endless references to Jaguar and how cool it is made me sick and bored . Also , I love how there was no middle class in this book , people were either rich and crusty or poor as dirt ... super realistic . And I love the attention paid to the characters ' residences , the way how social standing and proper decoration were always explained in great detail , while the terrible state of the poor residences were looked down on . The author came across as a total stuck up rich upper crust old lady . I mean , seriously , every description was about upholding one 's social class or the terrible state that poor people live in -LRB- and I do n't mean terrible like we should feel bad for them , but terrible in how embarrassed we should be for them -RRB- ... I 'm embarrassed for the author , she 's just not in touch with those not in her `` class '' seemingly . Another strange thing about the book was how all the characters had seedy backgrounds , and were somehow all interlated through tawdry dealings . I mean , very poor character development . Every character had something to hide , every character had a dark past ... Not realistic at all . And the whole Emma subplot was pointless . I would say this is the worst book I 've ever read , not because of the actual plot or writing style , but because the views of the author come across in her writing , and her views are just snobby and old . Not being a Lord myself , this book just ticked me off about how closed minded some people are , and how material . Do n't buy this book , the author will just get a new Jaguar with the profits ...
 The usual detail on room decoration , depressed characters and dysfunctional families , without an inspired or original plot to support them . The crimes themselves , despite some attractive trappings , turn out to be flat and dull , while also implausible -- a problem in a `` realistic '' crime novel . The characters mostly are the same stuffy , wealthy , well-spoken elitists we 've seen before , too many times now , with the usual wrangle taking place over the attempted closing of some august and architecturally distinguished building . Dalgleish fans I guess are happy to see him romancing Emma , the only problem here is we do n't see much in the way of romance . Their romance lacks any of the charm and appeal of the classic romances in James ' much admired Crime Queen trio of Sayers , Allingham and Marsh . It 's a shame , because one can tell from her personal appearances and interviews that James is a charming , amusing woman . Too bad she snuffs out these qualities in her books .
 While this book may have some good advice for court reporters , it is rife with errors in stating grammar rules -LRB- e.g.
 The pro-Confederate side of the flag controversy needs articulate voices . Unfortunately , this book is not one of them because the quality of the writing is inadequate . If you 're looking for some good pro-Confederate arguments , I will recommend a couple below.The immediate problem with Hinkle 's book is that poor rhetorical and stylistic decisions appear persistently . The prose fails to flow smoothly due to poor transitions , inappropriate diction , and even some errors in grammar and punctuation . Hinkle criticizes his opponents for being intemperate in their tone , yet he himself repeatedly launches invectives and irrelevant ad hominem attacks against those who disagree with him . A combative tone , unsupported claims , and fallacies in logic result in a book that fails to invite critical analysis of the issues.If you 're looking for books that are scholarly and articulate , one is RACIST SYMBOLS AND REPARATIONS by George Schedler -LRB- Rowan & Littlefield , 1998 -RRB- , a pro-flag book that is sometimes dense but one that never underestimates the intelligence of the reader . Another is CONFEDERATE SYMBOLS IN THE CONTEMPORARY SOUTH , edited by J. Michael Martinez -LRB- University Press of Florida , 2000 -RRB- , which contains a variety of perspectives on the issue.In his introduction , Hinkle indicates that he wrote his book for people who support the Confederate flag but who `` do n't know how to respond when confronted '' by anti-flag arguments . Preaching to the choir is hardly a challenging goal for a writer and it does n't show respect for the reader 's intelligence . The other books that I recommend are much more comprehensive , engaging , and respectful of the reader than Hinkle 's book .
 Having finished this book I am left with several impressions - none of them favorable.The first is that the author here , Don Hinkle , makes more than several preposterous comments regarding facts surrounding the Civil War.One is that there were large numbers of slaves who `` willingly '' fought on the side of the South for their freedom . Freedom ?? From what ?? The people who held them ; who eagerly used their lives up for the sole purpose of providing cheap labor for their highly profitable crops of King Cotton ? We are expected to believe this and other ludicrous statements thoughout this work.Another impression I am left with is the small , mean-minded spirit that seems to pervade this book . The author actually stoops to making a snide remark about Abraham Lincoln apparently getting what he deserved when he was assassinated . This is a dramatic difference from any other book I have ever encountered in any treatment of President Lincoln . And , it is a tone that the author seems to have adopted and feels quite comfortable displaying here.In conclusion , and in addition to the above comments , there are simply too many attempts to appeal to emotion over facts - from the young girl holding onto the Confederate flag in a longing manner on the front cover to the author devoting 20 % of the book , the final chapter , to describing the events surrounding the shooting death of a white southern male for having displayed that flag - while at the same time ignoring the flood of racial incidents perpetrated by those who love to display that emblem.This book simply does not meet the level of professionalism and fairness that I am used to in similar historical treatments .
 The historical accuracy of this book is sadly lacking.If you do n't think the Confederacy -LRB- and therefore its symbol -RRB- was built on racism and slavery , read the Cornerstone Speech of Alexander Stephens , the Vice President of the Confederate States here
 Pathetic . How could anyone defend a break of the Union , for the purpose of slavery , and the very thing that symbolizes the split?Why do so many people hang on this ? The Civil War is over ! The South LOST ! Get over it.This is not worth anyone 's time , nor should it have been printed . This is a far cry from historical perspective . It is rooted in bias , and has obviously not had the benefit of research based on reason , or the weighing of evidence . You 'll find better works of history in reader 's digest.If you have self-respect , and respect others , stay away from this .
 The Confederate flag controversy stirs so much emotion that all rationality gets lost in the debate . For example , looking at the way people are rating reviews , it is apparent that a lot of individuals rate reviews not according to how helpful a review actually is , but merely according to whether they agree with the review . The most helpful reviews -- the ones that offer specific reasons and textual evidence to support their opinions -- also tend to be the ones that get rated the lowest.Notice that the question asks how helpful the review is , not how much you agree with it . A review might agree with your opinion about the book , but it might also be badly written and unhelpful . A review might disagree with your opinion , but it might also be insightful and helpful.Please be fair-minded and intelligent . Make a distinction between how much you agree with a review and how helpful the review actually is . This use of rationality rather than emotion is precisely the tone we need to bring to the debate over the Confederate flag .
 It contained some basic information . It suggested that I get an independent type machanic or expert to review the aircraft prior to purchase . Duh ? Also , it provides some generic information about different types of aircraft . Look for a better book .
 This is the abridged version ! Do n't get this!I love Boswell 's Life of Johnson , it is one of my favorite books in the world . -LRB- Definitely in the top five -RRB- . It has altered my outlook on life , the universe , and everything ... . in a permanently positive manner.But I absolutely hate , loath , and despise all pitiful `` abridged '' versions.And I could not find anywhere on Amazon 's page that this is abridged!Now I have to send it back ! What a pain !
 For a french textbook this one leaves much to be desired . Some practice questions and context on the pieces of work found within .
 First off , the title is misleading
 To be frank it was n't really my cup of tea . To be sure , it 's very compelling at places and has some great information ... but do n't expect any characters to be happy at the end . Ever.Plot ? Bright young lad goes to war over wise preants advice , two older brothers die , -LSB- ... -RSB- child , horrible sluaghter , lad scared forever . Oh , and he 's part of an ethnic minority.Maybe people who are in to depressing themselves would like this . It is well written . I still would n't recommend it .
 _ State and Revolution _ is a complicated book in the annals of Marxist thinking . Lenin assigns above all a class role to the State , and therefore ascertains correctly the necessity of a socialist state assuming a proletarian viewpoint . At the same time , Lenin 's socialist state lacks a truly political dimension , as it remains , above all , a means for strictly administrative decision-making . Something that would gravely hamper the subsequent understanding of the political character of a future socialist state , specially when you think that this book was written while Lenin hid from the Kerensky government , that 's to say just before the October Revolution . Neverthless , the problems put by the book have enormous present value . Therefore it must be taken as entirely questionable the decision to choose as translator an anti-communist like Service , something that would be quite like choosing a neo-stalinist to translate Trotsky 's `` Revolution Betrayed '' .
 Why should anybody want to read a book written by Lenin ? Should n't deeds speak louder than words ?
 I bought the `` original '' `` The Worst Case Scenario Survival Handbook '' . I loved its humor and so I gave this one a try . I cant say it 's bad . However , it 's somehow much more serious than the original one , thus less humorous and fun . The problem is
 Are you kidding me , `` if you sent a wrong email go to your colleague 's desk open his email and delete your email '' what is this , a joke?This book is so useless and written irresponsibly , cause what if some one really does what he says ??? you can be charged with misdemeanor!The only thing I liked about this book is how to escape from the ceiling if you are trapped in a room . That was cool !
 Nice book on job interviews and surviving the workplace . Advice on how to set up your cubicle and common sense items on what to wear.Some tongue in cheek parts though . Such as the section
 I admire the author for creating this book and a series of others like it . I assume that it is beneficial for some ; however you have to be an idiot to try 95 % of the suggestions made in this book . I was amazed at how ridiculous the tips were and how simple the the book was written . I 'm curious to know if he tried any of the suggestions in the book . I was afraid for those individuals to read this book who value everything in it and try to escape a board meeting by crawling under a table . I hope this was a book for entertainment and jokes . I was highly upset for wasting my time with this book . I 'm even more shocked by those who continue reading the series and `` If you do n't have an ounce of common sense this book is for you '' should be the title of any other series of these books . I rarely ever write a review but this one deserves the I can think of anything ridiculous and put it in a book and people will buy it award . You got me , I 'm glad I didnt pay for it . So I 'll conclude this message by telling my boss the stupid browser on my computer accidently went to amazon.com to write a review on a stupid book that I 'm not really typing right now . It 's just an illusion and im getting my files in order .
 I was very disappointed with this listenandlive title . All the advice and tips are so obvious and just statements of common sense . In fact many things seem contrived and the advice given does not seem practical at all . A lot of it is obsolete like the chapter about emails .
 This book has nothing to recommend it . There is no plot , no character development and no romance . Do n't bother with this one !!
 I bought this book party because it had so many positive reveiws . This is the second book that I have read by this author and both times I was very disappointed . I just do n't feel any connection to the characters , the plot is not interesting and it I had to push myself to finish the book . It seems like ideas and subplots are introduced that go no where . And so many things are put into the book , that it is confusing and crowded . I really ca n't figure out what everone else is seeing that I do n't . I have read many western romances and these just dont stack up . I have one more book by this author that I already bought so I 'll read it and see if it holds my interest .
 i have read jodi thomas and loved her . this story is lacking the spark that is her trademark . i do not recommend this one !
 And suddenly they were all run over by a bus ... The moral is
 I found `` Duane 's depressed '' not nearly as good as I had expected . True , the character of Duane is fascinating , and there is a good deal of wonderful humor . However , Duane is never really depressed except in others ' eyes , and I found that assignment almost insulting . The fact is that he shows no signs of depression , he is sort of goaded into visiting the psychiatrist , he falls in love with her almost instantly , has a flood of tears and a great understanding far too soon in the doctor-patient relationship , and in general the entire psychological development , from the `` walking '' start to the `` pyramidal '' finish , is written in an all-too sophomorish manner . Perhaps I would have enjoyed it more if I had reread `` The last picture show '' or read `` Texasville '' . Surely one the story in `` Duane 's depressed '' could -LRB- and should -RRB- have been told in far fewer words .
 I have read many books by this author . I enjoyed the characters and how they interacted with others . The last book in the `` Lonesome Dove '' series and this one are both no fun and this is one of the reasons I read them . Just coming to the conclussion that old age sucks seems too easy with no real depth.Duanes interaction with his wife and his friends are absent from this book and I really do n't care about the doctor 's character at all . I would have been more interested in how he and his peers handle old age together .
 Is it just me , or does anyone else see Duane as a modern version of Woodrow Call ? I can imagine Woodrow doing everything Duane does , saying everything Duane says , and thinking everything Duane thinks . Even Duane 's task of reading Proust mirrors Woodrow 's hauling Gus back to Texas.I was also disappointed in that so many of Duane 's acquaintances are eccentrics . Pervasive eccentricity is believable in the context of frontier Texas ; it is not in modern America.And finally , Woodrow/Duane just are n't interesting without Gus . `` Duane 's Depressed '' lacks a Gus .
 ... and so am I , after reading this . Well , almost reading it . I gave up in the middle . Yaaawwwn . Too bad McMurtry has lost his touch . I read the two reviews preceding mine but found I totally disagreed with their opinions . I , too , had previously read The Last Picture Show and Texasville . I 've seen the movies that go with the books . I adore Jeff Bridges and had always thought he made a terrific Duane . I like quirky characters as much as the next reader but I did n't connect with any of the ones in this book . The little kids were big-mouthed brats , their `` parents '' had never grown up and probably never would . I had always liked Karla and Duane but I just did n't feel anything for them . Maybe I 'll just re-read Lonesome Dove , my all-time favourite McMurtry . This new book just did n't `` do it for me . ''
 Reading any of McMurtry 's sequels is a pointless exercise . They may have literary merit , but for those of us who just want to read the next installment , they are merely one big down . His earlier novels created memorable characters we cared about ; his later works dispose of them with reckless abandon . How 90 's !
 Duanes Depressed is one of the slowest and most annoying books I have read in a long time . The book was lacking any sort of reasoning that would compel the reader to want to go on ! I found myself putting down the book in annoyance many a time , only later to pick it up , believing that this book must get better , and have some sort of purpose to it . It does n't . Do not waste your time with this one . Good thing I got it at the library .
 I 've read and enjoyed most of McMurtry 's books but found this one quite disappointing . The beginning was wonderful but about halfway through , the book turns into a boring and oversimplified advertisement for the magic of psychoanalysis.Bob Ray
 Followed Abbey 's `` Fools Progress '' with this little one day read . After a couple of times hearign about the one ball , I had enough . Did you know that Ken Starr is from Thalia ?
 Lonesome Dove is one of my favorite books of all time and I have enjoyed all of his other books -LRB- Terms of Endearment , Comanche Moon , Buffalo Girls , Anything for Billy , Streets of Laredo , etc -RRB- however I had trouble finishing Duane 's Depressed . The first half of the book rolled along but the second half became unbearably slow . I felt like I was reading a character study by James Joyce.This book did not have the memorable characters characteristic of McMurtry novels . Imagine Lonesome Dove being a character study of Woodrow Call , it certainly would not win a Pulitzer . Maybe I prefer the Lonesome Dove saga better . I still recommend this book to those who love the Texasville series but for first time Larry McMurtry readers , try reading Lonesome Dove or Terms of Endearment before you read this book .
 I tried . I really , really , really tried but I just could n't make it through this book . It 's soooooooo boring ... even after 6 chapters . Duane is n't the only one depressed after reading this book ... it 's terrible !!! There are many , many , many more books out there that are worth your time and money ... this one is n't . Do n't even pick it up ... just walk on by !!!!!!
 In 1998 I reviewed this book when I was strongly biased against Christian rock music . Because I can not figure out how to retract the old review , I offer this public admission that I was completely nave when I read the book . I later found distortions and statements taken out of context which were used to bend the reader in the direction of the author 's bias . I publicly apologize for my foolishness in jumping onto the book 's message without checking the real facts.Rock on for Jesus !
 I remember this writer from back when I was a kid and my parents & church believed his every word and funny enough this drove me to listen to ` secular ' rock & alternative music instead of any form of Christian music.It was only after I got married almost 4 years ago to a Christian woman that I discovered all forms of Christian music including Christian rock and I 'm blown away by the impact Christian bands are making at leading more young people to Christ.All you have to do is look up Christian Rock bands like Kutless or The Newsboys or Toby Mac to see how they minister to people at their concerts.Shame on you Jeff Goodwin for leading so many people away from Christ . Books like these are the worse form of legalism and only continue to give Christianity a bad name ...
 The service I received when getting this book was exelent and I got the book for a paper about christian rock , but I completly disagree with Mr. Godwin and I believe that Christian rock can and has been used by God
 One thing I ca n't stand is a Christian leader -LRB- In the media at that -RRB- misrepresenting , misinterpreting and misapplying scripture . Jeff Godwin does Just that in his book and video . Not to mention the damage he has done to many others by taking their staments out of context . I can not say that i am in favour of all CCM material . However it is a shame that many are willing to throw the dishes out with the wash water . It doesnt take very long to realize that very few have taken Jeff Godwin on . And I guess he will say that he is being persecuted for his stance . What is important is that we stick with biblical truth and not conspiracy theories .
 I wonder how many people he had to pay off to get a good review on this nonsence . he must have alot of wicked Baptists in his wallet
 This book is a biased look at Christian rock music from a guy who obviously has no concept of what an open mind is.What makes this book rediculous is that Jeff Godwin singles out rock and roll as a tool of influence used by Satan . The bible clearly says that Satan was the angel of ALL music.Also , many of the hymns in our Sunday hymnals are based on the melodies of old pub songs . Gospel music is derived from American country/western music which in turn was derived from standard blues scales and song structure ... which , ironically , is also where rock and roll comes from ... LOOK IT UP.Regardless of Satan 's role as angelic musician , the church has always used music as an instrument of praise . If the chuch is going to be hypocritical about music , then maybe it should keep up.As music evolves , the use of the new music styles can also be turned into instruments of praise.There is absolutely no better way to reach a fan of rock music than to use his own music as a method of spreading the word.The closed-minded view that Rock music is evil and your Gospel music is somehow holy is precisely why the people that would read this book are completely ineffective in bringing young people to Christ ... oh and by the way ... In high school , a `` new kid '' at school gave me a tape of a band called `` The Crucified '' . That tape introduced me to Christ in a way that 16 years of sunday school never did . Think about that .
 This is the earlier , and flawed , edition of a great book . Shamos himself has specifically disowned this book for many reasons . Among other things , the publisher forgot to include a crucial diagram which illustrates the meaning of various terms used to describe markings and locations on the table . For example , head string , billiard spot , balk line , etc. . This is the only such diagram in print , and the publisher forgot it ! The next edition , The New Illustrated Encyclopedia of Billiards , rectifies this.This book is not an instruction manual on how to play pool or billiards , but is instead a first - rate guide to all of the language used in every cue sport . Terms are clearly defined and , where appropriate , well illustrated . If you want to know what word the British use for `` English , '' or where the often misunderstood `` tangent line '' actually is , this book will give you a clear and authoritative answer . The author is a true scholar and is the curator of The Billiard Archive , the most complete collection of books and periodicals about pool , billiards , and snooker .
 The product arrived with numerous pages missing in the book . I filed a claim , was offered another book in exchange since they were out of this title . I asked for another book which ended up not being available so requested my money back and was given a credit on my card . While the merchandise was damaged , I have to say the resolution was swift and to my satisfaction . So the product gets one star but the resolution process gets five stars .
 Jane Jacobs was the grand old lady of urban planning . It was delightful to read her The Death and Life of Great American Cities . She turned the professional world of urban planning upside down . Professional and traditional urban planning were once and for all discredited . In later years she elaborated on the economy of cities . Jane Jacobs was a true believer in the cultural and economical primacy of cities . In Systems of Survival she researches the moral values in society . Her form is the Platonic dialogue . She introduces two distinct moral syndromes , the commercial and the guardian . The crossing of the borders and the resulting moral dilemmas are the main issues that Jacobs addresses . It is a disappointing book . I missed the fresh insights of earlier work and thought Jacobs is drifting away from her main themes . The book lacks focus and is unclear in its conclusions . Good luck we still can cherish her other books . Luuk Oost
 I was attracted to the author 's premise for this book , as I have recently been struggling with the conflicting moral perspectives from which colleagues can view the same issue . But I found the book too confusing , and could n't find compelling support for the author 's hypotheses.The book is framed as a Socratic dialogue among characters . Although this style seemed plausible , the characters ' personalities were not developed enough for me to distinguish them and identify them with their arguments . Overall , the author 's plausible premise was not supported clearly by illustration or research and I remain un-persuaded .
 this book can be very introspective at times but digging to deep into a subject can get boring after a while . the format could have been better
 I can not understand why everyone gave this book 5 stars except for the fact it is politically unkind not to -LRB- the author is , after all , under house arrest for his political activities and this book is banned in his own country of Indonesia -RRB- . However , this is some of the worst writting I have ever read . He makes grand , over the top statements about how his characters feel about each other with nothing to back it up except his pronouncements that he hits you over the head with every so often -LRB- just in case you had regained consciousness and had forgotten -RRB- . He waxes poetically about his mother-in-law and how smart and well educated she is and yet spends the end of the book melodramtically wringing his hands when she loses everything because she moronically thought as a concubine she could keep everything after the death of her master -LRB- if she understands the political situation of the day as well as he claims , why did she not have a plan in the event of his death ? -RRB- I ca n't wait to get rid of my copy of this book , but then that means some poor sap will be stuck reading it .
 We bought this book for our 3 year old who is fascinated with dinosaurs . I was pleased with the illustrations and the easy to follow layout , but when we got to the T-Rex , Xenotarsosaurus and the Yangchuanosaurus , the pictures became too graphic for my son . For example , the T-Rex is carrying what looks to be a severed limb from another animal in it 's mouth . I realize that some dinosaurs are meat eaters , but I was hoping this book was a little less explicit . I think this book could be better for an older child .
 John Keiger 's biography of Raymond Poincare is an unrelieved litany of lugubrious praise in the earlier style of Pierre Renouvin and Poincare 's own memoirs . Keiger has no problem with Poincare 's collaboration with Alexander Isvolsky , the Russian Ambassador in Paris . He has no trouble with Poincare 's secret encouragement of Russia and his counsel of `` firmness '' during the July Crisis of 1914 , which could have only one outcome
 This book is the classic tale of the Princess and the Pea , but with illustrations that would delight an older reader more than a child . Very theatrical and interesting , but not what I 'd expected for my young granddaughters .
 I got this book after searching for the Princess and the Pea story for my 2-yr-old , who is currently fascinated with our telling her that story orally at bedtime . This looked like a cool , artistic take on it . Sometimes I kick myself for buying books/picture books online for my kids without the chance to flip through it or preread it myself . I 'll admit this book is , um , unique and clever -- but it was not at all interesting to my young daughter and my guess is that it wo n't be until she 's much older -- say , at least 10 . Two complaints from a parent 's perspective -- the faces , while certainly artistic , are pinched and angry looking on every page in an aloof and odd way and the last page describes in a snarky tone that real princesses do n't eat peas . Great . As if it were n't hard enough to get kids to eat veggies . So , like I said , older kids/girls might like and the artistic adult crowd -- but it was read/looked at once by my little girl and is collecting dust now . True test of a great book for kids is that they go back for more over and over for days ! This one , not a hit .
 The story is basically the same , but my family did not appreciate the art . It was a real turn off to us . It 's a little hard to explain , but it just felt strange and distracting . It 's not horrible , we just did n't like it . To each their own I guess .
 THIS BOOK IS ALMOST FOR ADULTS . I HAVE TO PARAPHRASE IT SO MUCH FOR MY CHILD THAT , AT THE END OF THE DAY , WHEN I 'M THE MOST EXHAUSTED , THIS BOOK IS TOO MUCH WORK . MY CHILD ENJOYED THE PHOTO 'S BUT YOU CA N'T READ IT WORD FOR WORD . IT 'S VERY WORDY AND OVER KIDS ' HEADS .
 An astonishingly successfull attempt to take a one-page idea and repeat it enough to create an entire book . The author 's premise is valid
 _________________________________________ Speaking plainly , this is a wretched book . White 's commentary is dull , pretentious and stupefyingly repetitious . The snippets of interviews with astronauts are short , scattershot and basically worthless . The book was inexplicably recommended by Lynn Margulis , which is why I tried it . Avoid , avoid!Truth in reviewing
 Although the picture is of the correct edition , the wrong edition was sent . It was not the Little Leather Library edition as advertised . It was for a gift and I did n't have any time to send it back or I would have . False advertising .
 WARNING to anyone who clicks on the Kindle link for this book
 I have been looking for a dream book . One that can tell me about dreams and perhaps explain it to me . I was not happy with this book , this one is more of a poem book with some memoir content in it . Boring and cheap . For someone like myself who crave to know about dreams , I strongly suggest
 I never did receive the book and I have ask the credit card company for a refund of $ 80.14 . Louella Strickland
 Due to a lack of shorthand classes in my area , I decided to buy this book and teach myself . I read the warnings that this book is not recommended for beginners , but I 've taught myself many other skills in the past and figured learning shorthand would be challenging , but possible . When I received the book , I realized that the author assumes you 've already read Basic Principles . There are no explanations for what shorthand is , how it originated , or which tools are needed to get started , and I was expecting to see at least a couple of pages covering these topics . I was also disappointed that there are no explanations for any of the material covered in the chapters and that there does n't seem to be answers for any of the transcription exercises . I returned this book .
 When I read the first hundred pages I hoped that the romanic scenes would get better . Not only did the become worse and lame but also the remaining part of the story was soooo dull that it took me 20 times to pick the book up and complete reading it . Between two people , in order for there to be love u neeed some sort of comunication . If it were real life i would have understood that jervaulx could not communicate with anyone and i would have felt sorry for him but in no way can his life become a good story to base a whole book upon.I personally did n't feel like i ever knew the characters at all . I did n't respond to the book at all .
 This story has a little suspense . Kept me interested in the plot about a third of the way through then lost me because I began to anticipate the next actions of the hero and heroine . Heroine was much to naivete but considering the era the story took place , it was a normal behavior . Lost interest and did n't finish the story .
 I loved the character Christian , but I wanted to strangle Maddy by the middle of the book . She was so creepy to Christian and just downright stupid and annoying . How could anyone be such a jerk even back then . She ruined the whole book for me .
 I 've heard ` wonders ' about this book , but I was not impressed . Aside from the fact that it was different because of the hero 's seizure I did not find him dangerous , witty , or special And she was just so WIMPY and I was so sick and tired of Quaker this and Quaker that.I was frustrated at how being a Quaker -LRB- in those days , I 'm sure -RRB- put so many limitations on her actions and her feelings . And the details were so intricate I was skimming over pages . Not sure I 'll be reading Kinsale again !
 i dont know what all the hype is about this book . It was horrible . The female character was ... unloving ... despite the efforts of the author to get you to feel for her and understand her dilemas while dealing with her religion and duty . She was unchristian in my mind . I absolutely could not stand her . As for him , I did like the way the author described what was going through his mind while attempting to communicate . It was very human , and so was he . The only reason I gave it a 1 was because of him and his plight . Is a throw away . sorry author , but you failed miserably with this one .
 This is the first time I 've read Laura Kinsale . The majority of the reviews convinced me to buy Flowers in the Storm . I had no problem with the characters . I found them typical for this type of historical romance . The female main character being a Quaker who was very repressed in so many ways was understandable . The arrogant Duke being selfish , etc. was just a common sterotype . What bothered me terribly was how confusing the author made it for the reader to understand 90 % of what the male main character was trying to say after his ` stroke ' . It was very tiring to try and follow what he was thinking , and I think this distracted very much from the story . I forged through much of the confusing thinking/trying to speak of this character so that I could finish the book . Even at the end he did n't seem to be able to express himself very well vocally , leaving me with a sense of disappointment that the author had n't done a better job of communicating ! I 'm giving this book only two stars because I think the story was different and I did get the general idea of what happened ! When I tell you that I rarely pay more than $ 5 for a Kindle book , and often find very good stories for $ 1.99 or 3.99 , then you will understand why I had to write this review of Flowers in the Storm , for which I paid $ 7.99 .
 Why ? Why did one of my all-time favorite authors have to reissue this book ? It was downright awful . From one of the most priggish and uninspiring heroines in history to one of the most frustrating and -LRB- yes -RRB- abusive heroes in memory , I kept wondering why I turned page after page to finally arrive at the much-appreciated ending . Yes , I understand that Maddy had to come to grips with leaving her religion behind , and yes , I get that Christian was angry , but still , their story held and delivered about as much interest as watching paint dry . As the Italians say , `` There is no worse thief than a bad book . '' I agree whole-heartedly . I also just finished Lessons in French , and I am amazed that someone did n't tell Ms. Kinsale to chop a good 100 pages off of either of these novels , in the name of common sense . Gah . It 's such a let-down after the wonderful Shadow and the Star . Let 's hope her future works are better !!!!
 Laura Kinsale is one of my favorite authors because she is so different from any other writer . But , I 'm sorry to say , this book is so awful there is nothing to reccomend it . Maddy has to be the most dislikable herione I 've ever read . She is so dishonest to herself , that it 's impossible for her to relate to the poor hero of the story . Please read any other book by Laura Kinsale You 'll love her .
 Was going to buy this book for my kindle as I wanted to reread it again , but seriously $ 7.99 ????? I do n't think so !!! Think we all as costumers have to say absolutely NOT , for a kindle book !!!!
 The premise was terrific , the setup was lovely , the heroine was the most annoying , milk toast , un heroic woman I have ever had the bad luck to read about . At 91 % read she was still running away . The story gave her many opportunities to rise and each time she wilted.more concerned with her own version of spiritual comfort than with actually doing the right thing . I could n't even finish this garbage .
 First , I 'll say that I only checked out this book because it came so highly recommended . It 's been voted as a great romance -LRB- a keeper -RRB- . I 'll have to disagree . I did n't want to buy the book because the whole story just did n't sound appealing , so I checked it out instead . I was willing to give it a try.I finished it up last night and what a huge disappointment . I guess I expected great things ... do n't get me wrong , it 's a good story , but I do n't know how many more times I could stand `` plain '' speaking -LRB- e.g. thou , thoust , thee , thy , etc. -RRB- . It just PLAIN got on my nerves -LRB- I think it got on the hero 's nerves too -RRB- . The heroine ... I could go on for pages about her . She 's an absolute nightmare . She kept running away from a good thing and was such a wimp!The hero ... sigh ... he 's the stuff dreams are made of . Those two were just thrown into a situation and the story resulted from that situation . Personally , they should have gone their separate ways and he should have found someone else . Likewise with her.Bottom line
 I too , like others , bought this book after seeing it on many `` Best Romances Ever ! '' lists . It was my first Kinsale , though not my last -LRB- I have read one or two others that I picked up at Goodwill -RRB- . I honestly can not think of anything positive to say . The book is a struggle to read . Kinsale writes a good story , her prose is her best feature , yes , she paints like Monet with words . So , if you like lots of pretty words , descriptions , complex plots etc , then this book is for you.But as a reader , I never felt engaged or excited . I never cared one iota for either character . Maybe the excessive prose got in the way ... . I honestly do n't know . All I do know I kept thinking `` OK , any minute now , this book will get great ! I just know it ! `` The characters ? Maddy was far too strident , inconsistant and as passionate as a ... bowl of warm oatmeal . She has the letter of the law , but not the spirit . I hever could understand the why and how of her . Only that every page with her on it was a greater ordeal to read.And honestly , I found it nearly impossible to believe she loved herself , much less Christian . She was actually mean to him right up until the last 3 pages -LRB- a Kinsale trademark I 'm coming to see -RRB- . IOW , you have misery and misunderstanding and then an `` I love you ! '' ending . So the reader never gets their time with the couple when they are happy and at peace.Whoopy -LRB- not -RRB- . That , again , appears to be a trend of the 80 's that is long gone , thank goodness . If I struggle with a couple through all their miseries , I want to share some of their happiness . So the book lost points big time for the `` All Suffering All the Time '' ending.Christian I felt for , yet at the same time I found myself going down the `` Why did a man so young have a stroke ? Genetics ? Alcohol ? And what part of his brain was damaged ? '' Path instead of actually seeing him as a 3 D human . Yes , he was a rat and a scoundrel -LRB- we read about that for umpteen pages , thankyouvermuch -RRB- . In addition , his speech patterns were such that I found myself more frustrated or thinking `` No stroke patient I 've ever seen talked this way ! '' instead of having my heart break . Or feeling moved or touched . It was one constant jolt after another of ` this is incorrect ' or downright `` where did she come up with this ! '' Times have changed , there is more information out there etc , but again , this dated the book and made it more annoying than enjoyable.I 'm not saying she did n't do her research , simply ... neither character rang true as a real person . I simply never felt anything for them because they were too unreachable . Mostly , I never got my time with them in love and happy ... the best part of the story . When the book was over , they were gone , the book put down never to be read again . And I as a reader found that the only thoughts that were being provoked were `` Ok , how do I get 5 hours of my life back ? ''
 I was excited to pick up this book , especially after reading so many great reviews . But honestly ... what in the world have I missed ? For as long as this book was , I did n't really care for H/H one way or another . There was more script devoted to describing things then allowing us to get to know the characters . I found myself skipping over the excessive descriptions more than once . I found the heroine , Maddy , more annoying then anything else . She was very inconsistent and I felt bad that Christian was `` stuck '' with her . She was great in the beginning of the book , but just annoying as things progressed . Nothing but hope for major recovery kept me tuned into this book . I really did make it through only hoping that the next page will offer a break through in the story , but nope ... This book was a struggle to read .
 Like a painting you keep adding more and more paint to , this just got muddier and muddier . The author should have ended the book way sooner.I liked the story that the Duke suffers some type of spasm -LRB- never says what , I thought he was drugged -RRB- and his subsequent care . Most authors will not write about things like this ; they should . We get the Florence Nightingale effect by proxy , so instead of Superman Duke like other romance novels , we get loveable , regular guy Duke . Main character Maddy is a religious zealot of the Quaker cult . I call it a cult not to insult , but simply because family that is non-cult are cut out of their lives . That being said , it was very frustrating to watch this main character work against herself and her relationship , with a man she totally did n't appreciate or deserve . Fun , laughing and sex with her husband left this leading lady in the constant throes of guilt . The Duke seems to pick unsuitable women , the main character Maddy being no better than the mistress in my opinion . I kept turning pages wondering what this fanatic would do next and it did n't get any better as the relationship seemed to erode Maddy to a sniveling wreck , dependent on her fellow cult members to decide her and the Duke 's fate . I do not like giving bad reviews on someone 's hard work . Should have been a shorter book , and stopped before Maddy got too loony . I felt sorry for the Duke .
 I was so very disappointed in this book ! I read all the reviews and ordered the book . Whatever I paid for the book was way too much . I just could NOT like the heroine . I tried , I really tried . However , she just never gave up her pious , better than thou , cans ' t love anything attitude . I love books with imperfect heros and heroines , and I just KNEW she was going to come around . Sadly , no . I finally gave up reading it and started skimming it around 3:30 a.m. . What a wasted evening . This was my first Laura Kinsale book and I am very hesitant to try another .
 The first half of this book is so dark and gloomy that it was torture to read . Not to mention the actual physcial torture the patients received at this institution . Sadly , this is probably how stroke victims were treated.The characters were not likeable in any way . The author delved way to deep into Christian 's mind and some of the things he thought were startlingly scary . I just do n't think a mental institution is the place for a romance even if the patient is n't really insane.Maddy was so consumed with guilt that everytime a rare romantic moment did appear it was ruined by her thoughts of God . I found her extremely annoying.There was absolutely no witty dialogue of any kind . How could there be ? An extremely religious Quaker woman and a man who could barely talk . I just did n't like this story .
 I 'm really not sure why so many people seem to love this book . The hero is mean and selfish , and not in any sort of endearing way at all . The heroine is a hypocrite with absolutely no personality . He has a stroke , she nurses him through it , then is forced to marry him and they fight about a million things and do n't even seem to care about each other . After all this they somehow live happily ever after at the end . Oh also he totally does n't care that a former mistress of his had his baby and wants him to take care of it . The end . Most cherished love story of all time my -LSB- ... -RSB- . Try writing some characters that are n't completely annoying and flat first.I only give this review 2 stars because for some reason I finished the book . At an unnecessary 533 pages it was pretty painful .
 This book got off to a great start . Christian and Maddy are as different as night from day but sparks flare between them when they meet . Christian is every girl 's dream , a man who can see beyond the surface of a woman to her soul -LRB- and still find something to admire -RRB- . Maddy is shaken by her attraction and unwilling admiration for Christian who she had come to think of as amoral , unlike her strict Quaker self.However , the story quickly degenerates after Christian is struck by an illness that leaves him impaired . Maddy shows initial strength in character when she sticks by Christian when no one else is willing to . Unfortunately she proves to be lily-livered and frequently bends under the pressures from Christian 's greedy family and her Quaker friend.It is also clear that Christian 's love for Maddy is born from his gratitude and continual dependance on Maddy . Maddy is continually torn between sticking by Christian and her Quaker life . Had someone better come along who was willing to have him , I 'm sure Christian would have dumped her in a heartbeat . It was that kind of story and really quite pathetic.If you want to read a better story about a Quaker woman who battles the limits of her faith for love , read Penelope Williamson 's `` The Outsider '' .
 This book was on the top of my wishlist forever and when I bought it I was sooo excited . After the first 120 pages or so I was so bored I did n't want to keep reading the book.It dragged on and on with tedious details and the main male character at first pulled at my heart strings . But then you just realize he is selfish . And when they declair their love it seams so stupid . She cares more about religion then him and he is just a selfish man who wants someone to take care of him.Very dissapointing .
 I bought this book because of all the 5-star reviews . It 's been sitting at home on page 300 for about 2 weeks now . It started out with potential with the hero suffering a stroke and then not being able to communicate but then it dragged on and on and I found myself skimming tons of pages to see if it got any better down the road . It did n't . I 'm not sure if I 'll ever finish this book . What a waste of money !
 A great portion of this book is Maddy as a Quaker nurse caring for Christian who is a Duke . Christian has had a stroke and has been confined to an insane asylum . There are sweet and emotional interactions here but their time together in the asylum went on and on and on and on . We get the point . Maddy is Christian 's `` rock '' and he comes to depend on her . Christian helps bring Maddy out of her confined Quaker world and she feels romantic love for a man . These two are codependent on one another for pages and pages and pages ... . Soooo boring.It is also not terribly romantic watching a young , handsome man attempt to recover from a stroke . It made me wonder about the depth of illness in the Duke . It is not that common for a very young man to have a stroke without having some underlying vascular or cardiac disease . Not exactly what good romance stories are made of .
 I was very excited to get this book because it rated so well , but I quickly became very disappointed . I found this book to be very slow . I found myself skimming the pages , just waiting for some action . Maddy the female character was just too prudish for me . I know she was Quaker , but come on , she was so boring . I was just waiting for her to come alive . I only read 3/4 of the way through . I just could n't get into it like everyone else did .
 As a bookworm and a selective , but avid , romance fan , I finally caved into the hype and bought this book as a treat to read over the holidays . Eek . It irritated the heck out of me and I was seriously disappointed and amazed that so many people wrote this was the best ever romance book !!! There ca n't be an interesting and rewarding love story without TWO interesting lovers to cheer for -- and there was only one.Yes , I agree with the other 1-star and 2-star reviews , the female character `` Maddy-girl '' -LRB- and did n't that phrase began to be endlessly irritating ! -RRB- was an unpleasant read . Of course she possessed `` normal intelligence . '' But she did not have wisdom , of which even little children possess in some measure . Her spirituality seemed a constant internal posturing and jockeying for position -- it seemed to be all about her . Her reactions , her thoughts , her judgments -LRB- on herself and others -RRB- . Initially , Christian -LRB- the male hero -RRB- was her shot at spiritual greatness in the book . She was very excited by this . The book clearly states she felt God had spoken to her and given her this mission . Hand in glove with this , was the fact she was physically attracted to him . This fact existed independent of any seductive behavior on his part . So the attraction on her part was 2-fold . But it was not love.On the other hand , Christian seemed to develop a deep emotional attachment to her very quickly . -LRB- Besides his need for survival via her assistance . -RRB- Therefore , obviously he was going to be made to suffer , contingent on a return of similiar feelings on her part.Maddy 's warmth and compassion was minimal -- in proportion to the circumstances -- and came across as more strongly prompted by her wish for spiritual greatness than true love for another . She was incredibly self-involved and limited in her vision and determined to live up to the standard of her -LRB- Quaker -RRB- peers , rather than living up to an internal standard developed after much soul-searching -LRB- `` Truth '' -RRB- . In other words , through much of the book , she was incapable of independent moral and emotional honesty . I just wanted to dropkick her . She verbally attacks her tortured husband calling him names , reviling him for his faults -- spendthrift , liar , savage -- and thinks she is so much holier than him . Yeah , yeah , a real saint . The rave reviews talk about how `` loyal and patient '' Maddy is throughout . Huh ? Patient is one thing she is not . She is constantly poised to leave him or berating him and his world.The male character , Christian , would have been an interesting character , but it was painful to read hundreds of pages detailing his torments , including Maddy 's unpleasantness , the one person his very existence depended on , unfortunately.There were large sections of the story that were terribly slow to plow through . One always knew it would follow the pattern of
 I must agree with some of the previous reviewers . The heroine made me want to throw the book across the room . I honestly did not understand the buzz about this book . It was just OK .
 For almost 15 or so years I have heard about this book . It has frequently shows up at the top of many readers ' favorite lists . It has blurbs galore that hail it as one of the best romance novels of all time.Whenever I come across a recommendation of author or book that gets as much as ink is this , I am usually all over it . So strangely , in the past 15 or so years , I have never really felt compelled to pick this book up.But this week , that came to an end and I read it.It is definitely well written and can agree that there is probably no other romance novel like it -- what , with the hero who has a stroke and the heroine who is a Quaker and all.However , I did n't get the `` ahhhhh '' feeling from it after I closed the book . The relationship between the two main characters was not the stuff of romantic romance , imo . Maddy was too disdainful and judgmental . And while that can sometimes be a staple in the romance novel , I do n't feel the author managed to thread feelings of tenderness or longing or love in with the judgment . Jervaulx was much more sympathetic . Not because he spent the whole book struggling to learn to talk or to not be chained up like a lunatic in an asylum , but I thought the author did a much better job of conveying how much Maddy meant to him than the other way around . Too bad , with a better heroine this might be a 3 star review.I do not recommend .
 I am among the few reviewers who really do n't see what the hoo-hah is over this book . This book came highly rated by several websites but it is really beyond me why people like this book so much . I do n't remember disagreeing with so many people on the characters that I simply can not identify with.In a novel that is over 450 pages long , Laura Kinsale gave hardly any space to the character development of Christian before his stroke , other than that he got a married woman pregnant , jointly discovered a new mathematical formula , and fought a duel with the married woman 's husband.There was only one meaningful encounter between Christian and Maddy before he was impaired , when he was describing her features to her blind dad . Their next encounter if I am not mistaken was when she saw him again at the asylum her cousin runs.It 's hard to ignore that Christian probably fell for Maddy because she is the only person protecting him from an abusive asylum warden . And considering that he later agrees to marry a woman that his aunt has chosen just so he does not have to go back to the asylum just reinforces the point.And while I understand that Kinsale is giving us the perspective of a man suffering from a stroke , it really gets quite tiresome trying to understand what Christian is thinking page after page . I 've read several other romances involving people with disabilities , including Catherine Anderson 's Annie 's Song , and I never had the impatient feeling to skip over the characters ' thoughts and feelings.Still , other than the parts of his thoughts and speech that I wanted to rush through , I must say that I like Christian 's character throughtout the book -LRB- basically because I like rakes , the more `` rakehellish '' the better ! -RRB- That 's more than I can say about Maddy . Her Quaker character adds more complications that needed in a story that is already has so many hurdles for the hero and heroine to overcome . She takes care of Christian because it was a command from God . She unwillingly escapes with him later even though he needs her . This to me is not love , it 's a duty she undertakes unwillingly.I think this story could have been much more than what it is , and I am really perplexed at how so many people enjoyed this book when I probably wo n't even read it again . My copy of Flowers From The Storm is better off with someone who appreciates this so-called love story .
 This book could have been a great story and had the potential to be a real keeper to read over and over again . The premise was fantastic . However , the book just dragged on and on . The hero of the story , The Duke of Jervaulx , was excellently portrayed . You could easily feel his pain when he is forced into an asylum for the insane . However , the book 's heroin , Maddy , was a bit out of control . A devout Quaker , she was torn between the life she always knew and the life with the Duke . While I really liked most of the characters , she just annoyed me to no end . Could she be more indecisive ? The book eventually lacked closure with the secondary characters -LRB- the blind father and the former mistress -RRB- and should have resolved the books main issue of the Duke losing everything or not . For a 532-page book , it should have tied things up a bit neater instead of just the `` love conquers all '' typical ending .
 This book left me torn . I really enjoyed the first half . Christian , Duke of Jervaulx , is a rake , but not THAT bad of one-he drinks , gambles , has affairs with willing married ladies . He is also a genius . One day he suffers a horrible stroke that leaves him unable to speak or understand language . His nasty family sends him straight to the madhouse , where he is beaten , humiliated & misunderstood.In comes Maddy . She realizes that Christian is not mad , but is trapped inside his own mind , unable to speak . She has some sort of ephinany that it is God 's Will that she help this man . So she does . Sort of . Christian sees that she is the only one who can help him , and is desperate for her . But she seems too scared to really be helpful . She is constantly letting other people tell her what to do & how to do it.They take Christian to a competency hearing , trying to take away his title & money & lands . He fails . His aunt says she wo n't send him back to the madhouse if he marries some stupid young girl . Of course he agrees , but ends up running away at the wedding , taking Maddy with him.This is where I started to hate Maddy . She is a self-righteous , narrow-minded , weak , stupid woman . Christian needs her help badly , but all she can do is condemn him for his past actions , criticize him for the way he lives , and try to get out of her decision to help him . She claims to love him , but she wo n't compromise one little bit on anything for him . She consistently tries to leave him , even after they are married-by her choice-while Christian stuggles with everything . He can barely speak or write , and he 's lost his sense of self . But he does his best to deal . His family wants to send him back to the asylum , his bankers & lawyers have decided on their own that he is incompetent & wo n't give him his money , his mistress from before the stroke causes all sorts of trouble , and all Maddy can do is complain about him and cry and whine about how she never should have married him . Ugh.She is the worst sort of hypocrite . I 'd have thought that her faith would make her strong & compassionate , but it just seems to make her judgemental & weak . Christian loves her , needs her more than anyone else , and she keeps turning her back on him . In the end , Christian has become a better man , but she is still the same.All in all , loved him , hated her . The story was well-written , and Christian is one of the most memorable characters I 've read . But the heroine ruins it . I could n't stand her , & do n't think she deserved Christian 's unwavering love .
 I enjoy reading Michael Grant 's books - in fact , he is one of my favourite authors . In most of his books , he makes history an enjoyable romp , writing books that are engaging and hard to put down.However , this book is one of the biggest rip-offs I 've seen . It has a price from Fantasyland and the text is about as detailed as the leaflets you pick up from a museum . For example , the ` Chapter ' on Pagan Temple architecture has a total of 488 words . It has over 100 pages only because there are full-page title-pages introducing each section.Considering this is supposed to be a book on Roman Art , the text tells you nothing , and the price is so high you think you are getting something of quality , rather than a hardcover museum leaflet . Michael Grant should stick to books on historical figures , -LRB- Eg . Nero , Cleopatra etc -RRB- and leave Art History to the experts .
 Like many others , I bought this book because of the outstanding article written about Dee Hock in one of the first issues of `` Fast Company . '' So I waited ... and waited ... and waited for Hock to come out with this long-planned volume -LRB- replete with many publishing delays -RRB- . The result . Yeech . I could n't stomach more than 10 pages or so . In the future , let 's keep the writing to others writing * about * Mr. Hock . This book reads like someone who 's been cooped up in the study a bit too long . In the original article , there was an exciting thesis about creating organizations in which power was pushed away from the center . And Visa , Hock 's brainchild , was a brilliant manifestation of that principle.But the book is about ... ummmm , what ? `` Old Monkey Mind '' musings ? Who can follow these meanderings ? Readers of the article are bound to be disappointed . At least we get a little insight as to why the author is no longer at Visa . Tough to imagine that a man with this sort of obvious brilliance could function trying to run the nuts-and-bolts of an increasingly static -LRB- and less chaordic -RRB- organization .
 The underlying science used to rationalize the voracity of ` chaordic ' organizational archictures is missed completely . Chaordic is a poor buzzword . A HOLONIC approach to the balancing act between hierarchy and heterarchy as well as self-organization and autocatalytic evolution is most appropriate . Do a web search if you want more on holonics . The reulting science of such behavior was 1st published by Auther Koestler in his landmark book `` The Ghost In The Machine '' -LRB- c -RRB- 1967 . Appendix 1 of this work is something that would serve to cleanse this authors apparent lack of scientific prowess . This author says it all and I quote ; `` I do not believe that VISA is a model to emulate . '' pp282 . It is obvious that the success of VISA and therefore this book are suspect and miss the mark . It is amazing that the Chaordic Alliance was ever funded . The book is close , but no Cigar !! One star gives credit to the sis-boom-bah rhetoric that this book is peppered with . This author does n't have the slightest clue in the world that all he has done is to put old wine in new bottles . The wine in his new bottle is now vinegar ! I doubt he knows it .
 Reading this book is like reading three books at the same time . It is a part story of VISA , part reflection on life 's lessons and part textbook on organisation theory . Depending on what the reader is looking for , it can either be a great book or a lousy one.If the reader is looking specifically for a story on VISA , he will find the story superficial , lacking in details and excitement.If the reader is looking for a new organisation theory , termed Chaordic Theory by the author , he will find that the book explains little on the theories -LRB- no more than ten pages -RRB- and even lesser on how to apply it . The example of how VISA applied Chaordic theory is superficial and I doubt anyone can apply Chaordic concepts in their organisation just by reading the book.If the reader is looking for life 's lesson as experienced by an extraordinary man , if the reader is willing to plough through the book for such lessons , the reader will find the book full of such life 's lesson . I found one such lesson most valuable . The author wrote that men must always keep the beasts of Ambition , Avarice , Ego and Greed at bay . I thought that was a valuable lesson indeed.Reading this book demanded much of my concentration . Interspersed in the story of VISA , are reflections of how certain thoughts and theories were developed . Such reflections not only break the flow of the book , but also tend to be much more philosophical in nature . To add to the confusion , there are little boxes of mini-maxims -LRB- as the author termed it -RRB- , throughout the book . While I like the touch of the mini-maxims , it again breaks the flow of a normal read . The author certainly is serious when he wrote in the beginning of the book that this book is chaordic in nature . If you ask me , it was some kind of relief when I finally finished the book.The book ended with a disguised plea for donation to the Chaordic Alliance . Somehow , this did not feel right to me . I guess the author should have stuck to what he wrote in the book when he said he never ask for donations from others .
 Mr. Jeffrey Lent the Author of , `` In The Fall '' was the only person who supplied a comment on this book 's jacket . And that was enough reason for me to get the book , as , `` Into The Fall '' , was one of the best books I had read last year , and I hoped , `` Gabriel 's Story '' , would approach that work in quality . The book does not , the story does not , and the writing does not.I liked the premise of an emancipated family settling and beginning a new life in Kansas , and I looked forward to the Author providing a fresh perspective on the theme . None of this happened as the portion of the book dedicated to the Family 's experience is minimal prior to Gabriel leaving his Family for , `` higher adventure '' . The majority of the book is Gabriel playing witness to , and hearing stories that are clich&eacute; , brutally violent , random , and basically pointless . A sampling of events includes multiple murders for which there is no motivation other than a thirst for blood . Rape is second on the list but only because there is less opportunity for it to be committed . Victims are not simply killed , they are disemboweled with great descriptive detail , and castration while the victim is alive is another light touch . Staking a person on an anthill is also another form of amusement.Every nauseating historical prejudice is discussed at length , with extended drunken and sober monologue dedicated to racism , and the explanation of why the extermination of the Native Americans is not only correct but also necessary.The very brief description of the book on the jacket should have been a sign of how little was contained within . Gabriel is described as a youth , which is appropriate for a 15 year old , but then becomes a man a paragraph later . You can attempt to place all manner of meaning on this bloody trip across a portion of America , or you can take the book for what it is . This is about a kid who runs away from home , is taken in by and follows a group of serial killers , rapists and racists , and then loops back around and comes home once again . If the runaway theme seems familiar it is , for it has been written dozens of times and almost all better than this example.Trying to raise this to the level of a , `` Prodigal Son '' story , or a coming of age story just does not work . The time that passes from beginning to end is not long enough for any accumulation of knowledge . Merely witnessing mindless violence does not qualify as a profound trip through life , lasting just over one year 's time.The most interesting character does not speak until three quarters of the book has passed . And when she does the talent the Author may have in later works is shown albeit briefly . When a book lacks an endorsement from even one reliable press or literary source , and relies on an Author with one book to his credit , the blame should fall on the buyer if he or she is disappointed . I made this mistake once before when I accepted a well-liked Author 's opinion only to be subjected to mediocre work , I will not do so again . And that 's unfortunate , as many new Authors do n't always come with endorsements . They were no accolades for this work . They were appropriately absent .
 The majority of this book is about a 15 year-old boy witnessing a bunch of cowboys he is riding with murder , maim , and rape ... without protest on his part . In the end , after nearly drowning , he decides to go home . Spare me !!! If you really want to read a great book about blacks pioneering the West , read `` The Personal Story of Rachel DuPree '' by Ann Weisgarber .
 As a collector of the entire series , no one awaited this book more than I. I feel let down . Of the 13 stories , -LRB- and it 's only 318 pages , not 352 -RRB- , seven are fiction . These were not well chosen
 As a passive individual , I live through the words and experiences of first hand authors for my adventure . This narrative simply scratches the surface of those before it . `` Ship of Gold '' , `` The Fatal North '' and `` Abandon Ship ! '' come to mind immediately as adrenaline rush examples . Any of the several publications on `` The Endurance '' far exceed the expectations of `` Deep Blue '' . The human spirit has greater tales to tell .
 While the book is not bad , the authors will give you the irritating feeling that they have milked this cow for all it is worth . Where does it end ? Chicken Soup for the Soup Lover 's Soul ? Chicken Soup for the Mountain Climbers Soul ? Chicken Soup for the Amazon Reviewer 's Soul ??? Where there is a buck to be made on inspiration , the authors of the `` Chicken Soup '' series will sniff it out .
 Were Remembrance Day simply a thriller I would rate it five stars . It is fast-paced and some neat science is woven into a suspenseful plot . Its deadly pyrotechnics and interesting locales suggest that its targeted market is viewers rather than readers.Its great defect is in its misrepresentation of the Anglo-Irish conflict . It assumes that the reader is fully disinformed by Brit propaganda . In reality , Ireland 's 834 years of Brit rule has been one long genocide varying only in its intensity . Liz I , Cromwell and Victoria each murdered more than half of Ireland 's population . The author presents ex-IRA-man Lindow as an ex-terrorist . He depicts Lindow 's Irish mother as evil to the extent that she is a patriot . As antitoxins to such gross propaganda buy Ten Men Dead or Eye-Witness Bloody Sunday or -LRB- Sutton 's -RRB- Index of Deaths From the Conflict in Ireland . Author Porter is refuted by the official murder record . For example ; wwwdotterrorismirelanddotcom shows that , of the 173 child-murders in this post-1969 phase , 20 were by Irish forces ; 153 by Brit forces - the actual terrorists .
 This is a collection of stories held together by a central narrative -LRB- think Canterbury Tales -RRB- But do n't bother downloading this free book . You just get past the preliminary narrative and into the first tale and a large part of the first tale is missing ! So you can make absolutely NO sense of the first story . -LRB- This was not a download problem because I re-downloaded and the segment was still missing . -RRB- Plus the formatting is bad throughout the book , with half lines of print . I reported the missing portion to Amazon and eventually it might get fixed , but for now you can download another copy of this book -LRB- Annotated version -RRB- for $ 2 which has a working Table of Contents allowing you to access any of the tales directly . I love Wilkie Collins and this book is worth reading if you are a fan , just skip this free version .
 I agree -LRB- now -RRB- with the editorial review , but I had to see for myself , since I am a Chopra fan . Editor said `` Although Chopra 's theories are expressed in a confusing and repetitive manner , the techniques he advocates may prove interesting to those who enjoy his humanistic , if convoluted , approach to self-help . '' Yep.There are better books on the market , including one I just finished from a NDE survivor who educates without the confusion , and theres two chapters on technique that humans can understand ! Psychic Gifts in the Christian life by Tiffany Snow . Other books you should look at is the -LRB- not kidding -RRB- `` Idiot '' series , which lay a good foundation for several disciplines , like `` Meditation for Idiots '' or `` Psychic Awareness for Idiots , '' etc. . The Power of Coincidence is a bit flat.You expect an author to generate a shift in consciousness , and excitment and method of beneficial change . This book did n't do it . I hope his next one is better . I see him on TV , etc , and I know he 's getting better at marketing , but what about the writing ? Maybe he 's just too busy now for us regular people . Where is the old Chopra I know ? I want him back !
 Wayne Dyer is better -LRB- most of his books -RRB- . Tiffany Snow is better -LRB- all of her books -RRB- . Some of Chopra 's earlier works are better . Many books are better than this , this one just repeats most of what we already know , so why bother ?
 I agree -LRB- now -RRB- with the editorial review , but I had to see for myself , since I am a Chopra fan . Editor said `` Although Chopra 's theories are expressed in a confusing and repetitive manner , the techniques he advocates may prove interesting to those who enjoy his humanistic , if convoluted , approach to self-help . '' Yep.There are better books on the market , including one I just finished from a NDE survivor who educates without the confusion , and theres two chapters on technique that humans can understand ! Psychic Gifts in the Christian life by Tiffany Snow . Other books you should look at is the -LRB- not kidding -RRB- `` Idiot '' series , which lay a good foundation for several disciplines , like `` Meditation for Idiots '' or `` Psychic Awareness for Idiots , '' etc. . The Power of Coincidence is a bit flat.You expect an author to generate a shift in consciousness , and excitment and method of beneficial change . This book did n't do it . I hope his next one is better . I see him on TV , etc , and I know he 's getting better at marketing , but what about the writing ? Maybe he 's just too busy now for us regular people . Where is the old Chopra I knew ? I want him back !
 I did n't care for the method of presentation . Monotone !! I felt like I had to Work to hard to get what could have been verbalized with a easier approach . Deepak moves through `` Some '' material way to fast and seemed to come to a almost deadening halt going through Why the hand bones connected to the wrist bone , which is connected to the arm bone , etc. ... To each his own , but I found This one to have Way to much info that I still am wondering why it was in there ?? I Gave my Cd 's away . I recommend `` Ask and It Is Given-Part 1 -LRB- at least -RRB- by Esther & Jerry Hicks for The Law of Attraction .
 In any systematic book -LRB- and Chopra does attempt to describe a system of synchronicity -RRB- , you expect an author to employ a powerful set of concepts -LRB- a -RRB- , use them in delightfully unexpected ways -LRB- b -RRB- , to really reveal a world that is not only fantastic -LRB- c -RRB- , but _ applies well _ to your everyday life , causing a shift in perspective -LRB- d -RRB- . Addressing these general points : -LRB- a -RRB- The concepts used in this book are not powerful . -LRB- b -RRB- These concepts are in fact well-worn , and pretty much cliche , as are their connections to each other
 I agree with the other interview here . I have n't read the other two books cited , but I did read Snow 's book , and got a lot out of it . In my book , Deepak has been `` Snowed '' over .
 This book was a disappointment . I got absolutely nothing out of it . No change in my life except I 'm the price of it poorer and have still yet another book to clutter my home . I have read a lot of spiritual and newage books and again this one was way too deep and unaffective .
 This is the most amazing book I 've ever read . I went to France for the sole purpose of learning french so that I could read this book . However , this is the worst and most disappointing translation I have ever seen . It has been re-written and re-authored in a postmodernist discourse that is untrue to the text . If you want to understand , read , and love Fanon , buy an earlier edition !!!
 Frantz Fanon was a lucid writer with a knack for turning a phrase . Philcox butchers Fanon and strips his words of their power . Do yourself a favor and buy the earlier translation by Constance Farrington . It is the next best thing to learning french and reading Fanon 's words in the language in which they were written .
 I was n't enthusiastic about this book to begin with . Maybe that made me less receptive to Fanon 's ideas . I can see why disconsolate university types would get into Fanon , he can dish out the bitter slogans with ease . He does not , however , illustrate that the ends he wishes to achieve with the clarity that could justify his violent means . Thus I see this book as philosophically suspect.Romanticizing the rural mass and then marginalizing their ability to coherently rule themselves , Fanon justifies propagandistic manipulation , nationalized education and infrastructure , marginalization of ethnicity and cultural diversity ; essentialy what he advocates is the construction of a technocracy that garbs itself in `` revolutionary '' euphemisms and uses the rural quantity as a check on the independence and economic and educational flexibility of urbanized elites . My professor saw my perspective as skewed , and perhaps it is.At any rate , given my suspicions about the ends Fanon sees as his structure , I consequently have contempt for his reasoning enunciating violence . First , he eloquently and passionately illustrates the techniques of imperialism in subjugating the colonized . This is his book 's greatest strength ; however , many readers enamored of this aspect seem incapable of critiquing the rest of the book.From his economic and social analysis of colonialism , Fanon is able to racialize a state of conflict between the oppressed and oppressor . This constructs social identity in a way that is useful for his arguments for violence . What would be called indiscriminate terrorism in many contexts becomes logically justified by Fanon 's racial construct . It is the artifice of identity based on race that allows the justification of violence perpetrated on the basis of being black or white.Some would argue that despite Fanon 's racialization of the conflict , Fanon always sees it as an economic relationship . Thus , his justification of attack on the urban black and the acceptance of the sympathetic white makes sense . Others would argue that this is just a bone thrown to the theorists that ultimately means nothing to the application of violence . I , however , see it as a verbose argument for terrorism committed on black people without removing the racism from his theory . In essence it is a smokescreen for calling the urban black pursuing economic security as an `` oreo . '' Thus terrorism committed on the independent shopkeeper is an attack on the proxy of the white man ; while the white sympathizer is a propaganda tool.In essence , Fanon 's theory is a justification for violence based on race ; and for the control of people through propaganda and terror while spouting democratic themes . In practice we see this sort of technique used by regimes that prey on their own people and finance their repression with drug smuggling and corruption -LRB- re
 This book was recommended to my book club and boy oh boy it really was like digging through the `` Wretched of the Earth '' to read it . No one in the book club finished the book . Maybe I need to put some time and distance away from this book so I can look at it with fresh eyes ... but as it currently stands this is not a book I ever want to read for leisure .
 I find that most reviewers have based their evaluation on their agreement or disagreement with the ideas of the author . Although I liked many of his ideas , this book was very poorly written and contained very little new thinking , so I give it the rating it deserves.Fanon does n't state his idea and then support it , he just rambles on and beats around the bush and it 's up to the reader to figure out what he 's trying to say exactly . The result is that he uses a great many words to say very little . This makes for a very frustrating read.The ideas he presents are not original either . Most of them can be found in Gandhi 's `` Hind Swaraj '' -LRB- it 's easy to download free English translations of this work off the internet and I stronlgy recommend reading it ; plus it 's much shorter than Fanon 's book -RRB- . Considering that `` Hind Swaraj '' was written almost 50 years earlier than `` The Wretched of the Earth '' , the ideas Fanon presents were already old by the time he wrote the book!Although Gandhi advocated non-violence while Fanon believes violence is inevitable in anti-colonial struggle , there is n't much that Fanon says that Gandhi had n't already discussed . For instance , Fanon is often credited for predicting -LRB- or warning about -RRB- the fact that the intellectual and political elite of newly independent countries may simply replace the foreign oppressor . Gandhi had already warned his people about that , when he said that the leaders who overthrow colonialism by violence will also govern by violence . The example if India , which is one of the few colonies that gained independence by non-violence and which is one of the few that has been and remains democratic , proves that Gandhi 's predictions were better than Fanon 's since Gandhi also knew that violence was not inevitable in the fight for independence and that non-violence was the best way to avoid a simple substitution of the opressor.In other words , if you want to read well-writen work and interesting ideas about anti-colonialism , do n't waste your time with Fanon , read Gandhi instead ...
 There are 40 pages describing the psychiatric work of Dr. Frantz Fanon . This is an excellent book for those working with people from other countries ; for those conducting community and doing family therapy with the urban poor families . Fanon was the first structural psychiatrist .
 Fanon asserts that violence is necessary for colonized and opressed people to achieve liberation . Have none of the readers of this book ever heard of Gandhi or Martin Luther King ? Not only can national liberation be achieved without violence , but India has proven itself to one of the more stable and democratic of the former colonial possessions . Further , violence is often if not always quite counterproductive . LBJ 's civil rights program stalled after the Watts riots , and Seale , Newton , and the other Panthers were some of the best allies the right wing of America ever had . George Wallace and his kinder , gentler protege Ronald Reagan owe a lot of their political success to them and like minded groups . In much the same way the rise of the Israeli far right can be linked to Palestinian suicide bombers and other attacks on civilians . Of course these are facts and Fanon is theory and never the twain shall meet.Fanon is n't even that good when considered from a theory angle . His admirers can ramble on about dialectics all they want -LRB- a word I 'd wager none of them could define -RRB- , but from what I can tell Fanon 's grip on Marx is shaky at best and his understanding of Hegel laughable . Particularly egregious is his moronic take on the master-slave dialectic . The whole point for the slave is recognition as an equal , which Hegel readily saw could not be achieved through violence , as did King and Ghandi , though they might never have slogged through the PhG . Their tactic of nonviolent resistance is much more effective in getting the `` masters '' to recognize the subjugated as equals than is indiscriminate murder -LRB- and yes Fanon does advocate that -RRB- , a tactic which only reenforces the rulers ' self-serving belief that their subjects are subhuman savages in need of education and civilization.On a final note if I had I not had to read it myself I would not believe anything this poorly thought out and morally disgusting could be taught at a respectible university . This tripe helps me see why the right holds the academy in contempt , but why more progressives do n't take ivory tower sages who 'd run screaming at a paper cut to task for preaching bloodshed and mayhem is beyond me .
 About twenty years ago , I read this trash-book , here in Brazil.Frantz Fanon -LRB- 1925-61 -RRB- was a french -LRB- Martinique-born -RRB- , black and anticolonialist intellectual.This book , The Wretched of the Earth , is Frantz Fanon 's last and most famous and important work.In fact , the author wrote this book confined to his bed , dieing of leukemia in 1961 . Even writen with so many wyll , the ideas of this book are n't just absurds , but also outdated today.To example , it claims that criminals , vagrants , and the unemployed are the persons that someone must find to begin a communist revolution.Please , traditional communist revolution is over as way to the left get power.Since 1980 , left only created communist tyrannies by fascist-like praticers.After fair elections , leftists became dictators , emulating Hitler and Mussolini and using democray to doom itself.Robert Mugabe began this pratice in 1980 . Hugo Chavez was nominated by Fidel Castro to be his deputy , years ago.Both entered to power after normal elections , but became communist tyrants and robbers , by coups and elections.Writen for a world complete different , this book is outdated , absurd and useless today ; even for the left.Communism is alive , but Frantz Fanon was buried by history.The real future for communist is n't the useless fake , describe in this book.The real future for the left is to become muslins.Forget Moscow ; remember Mecca forever.Forget Marx , but remember Muhammad forever.Forget `` The Capital '' , but read and follow `` The Koran '' . Islamism is the real totalitarism , of the future .
 Nietzsche attempts to construct the origins of Christian morality using the scalpel of his pscyhological-historical method . Despite the many penetrating insights into human nature , in some areas he misses the mark totally . He claims that Christianity was the product of a Jewish conspiracy to enact revenge on Rome -- that it was the fullfilement of the burning ressentiment of the Jewish slave-priests who in their impotence could not subjugate the masters by force and were therefore led to do so through a doctrine of love . Christ , as Nietzshe sees it , was the bait through which Rome was subjugated to a transfigured Judaism . While the theory , despite its obvious absurdity , sounds interesting , it follows from the psychological arguments that Nietzshce is building , and even more so from his premise that `` God is our most enduring lie '' . For once this accepted , as Nietzsche sees it , Christianity ipso facto becomes the product of human minds ; hence he endeavors to find the materialistc origins of Christianity by way of a psychological-historical deconstruction of the human-all-too-human tendencies responsible for the inception of Europe 's dominant religion . Yet such a method can certainly back-fire -- and in Nietzsche 's case it seems too . How so?Nietzshche 's obsession with values that accompany strength , dominance and might may have mirrored his own decrepid physical condition . The German philosopher was forced to retire from his teaching post at the young age of 34 due to his deteriorating health . Some speculate that his condition was precipitated by an injury during military training in his youth which cut short any aspirations he may have had of becoming a soldier . Taking into considertation that much of his life following retirement was ridden with painfull fits of vomiting and unceasing migranes , does it require a radical leap to presume that a man so deprived of health would fanatically esteem strength and everything connected to an abundance of physicality ? After all , which other philosopher wrote so eloquently about the greatness of the overman 's domineering power and the importance of the will-to-power ? Yet Nietzsche was incensed by attempts to explain-away his ideas by explaining HOW and WHY they arose in himself . Irononically , this is the method he uses against Christian-morality ; he presumes that an explanation is an explanation-away . As he writes in the WILL TO POWER
 First off , I have never thaught I would give Gilgamesh anything less than five stars . However , I recently received Andrew George 's translation -LRB- the more reccent translation in the Penguin Classics series -RRB- and earlier today got my hands on a copy of this edition and decided to compare them . I found this edition very incomplete -LRB- George 's is currently the most complete form -RRB- and like another reviewer said an unneccisarilly long introduction -LRB- at least for a translation that short -RRB- . So while I do recomend Gilgamesh to everybody I would not recomend this -LRB- N. K. Sandars -RRB- translation and would instead recomend the one by Andrew George -LRB- unless you want more myths from Babylon and that area in which case I would recomend Myths From Mesopotamia by Stephanie Dalley her translation while not as complete is still one of the best I 've read -RRB- .
 Warning . Do not buy this edition . It is NOT the current Penguin edition translated by Andrew George , but the digitization of the elderly N.K. Sandars edition . The Kindle edition is missing all of the extra Babylonian and Sumerian texts . NOT WORTH IT . DO N'T DO IT .
 A Professor of Eng . Literature gave this work a rave review , however I found it cliched and with many references that have not aged well . It is very derivative and employs most of the generic stock events from B-grade paperbacks.Also , most of the jokes will be lost on readers , as they refer to events that long ago passed into the historical record.However , probably the novel 's biggest problem is its attempt to do ` too much ' . A lot like the recent film `` Clash of the Titans '' , the author appears to have relied on introducing sensational mythical creatures in place of a well-fleshed-out storyline that engages with the modern reader .
 This `` book '' was a bit hard to read . The introduction was longer than the actual story . It provided some good background information , but also gave away much of what was to come . Perhaps some of it could have been saved for the end of the book ? The story itself is very confusing . Gilgamesh , a god-king , is hated by his people so they pray to the gods to make an equal for him . His equal and him basically fight , go on `` adventures '' that seem to have no meaning , and visit people/gods with similar hard to pronounce names . If you are studying Mesopotamia , you should probably check out this epic . Otherwise , try something else ...
 I had to read this book for school . I was tired of it after the first page . How was this story so popular back then ? It 's boring and unreal . C'mon ! One guy lived with animans most of his life anf Gilgamesh was part god . I know a story of a real hero , Neo from The Matrix . That guy is cool and interesting . Also , he is cool to watch . Gilgamesh would never become a movie . People would fall asleep . Besides , any school book is n't fun to read .
 I bought this book on my Kindle for class , and it was missing several parts of the tablets ! Not the complete finished version of the original book !
 This book was boring and it made no sense
 I had to read it for a summer reading book . It was horrible . I mean , who wants to read all about the Ancient Sumarians ?
 I 'm willing to concede that perhaps I just did n't get it , but this was one of the dumbest things I have ever heard . I ended up throwing it away .
 This is a novelization . As such , the reader needs to be aware of what to attribute to the scriptwriter and what to the novelization author . Sometimes the novelization author can improve of what is in the screenplay . Unfortunately , this time both are bad.An ancient organization known as The Library has been safeguarding powerful relics that humanity is not ready for . A rival ancient order wants the items for their own bid for power . Flynn Carson is a professional student who finds himself needing a job . He is offered the position of The Librarian , the guardian of The Library.Flynn starts his new job only to be thrust into a quest to find the hidden pieces of the Spear of Destiny . The trip takes him around the world and wins him the love and sexual favors of a beautiful Library employee.Now lets look at what might be wrong with the original story.Our characters are on a commercial international flight . The pilots have been entertaining someone in the cockpit . Both pilots escort their guest back to their seat . All of this occurs on a flight in a reality that includes an Air Marshall on board.On an international flight , the door is opened and several characters jump out . Apparently everyone was wearing their seatbelts as no one else fell out . The jumpers did not use any method to breathe in the rarified atmosphere.The super-genius thinks his cell phone will work in the Amazon . We then have a cell phone receive a call in the Amazon -LRB- maybe phone rates are so high because they have been spending money to put transmitting towers al through the Amazon -RRB- . An ancient riddle written in a language that predates the Tower of Babel has an answer in English.A holy Christian relic can only be repaired though a Pagan ritual that calls on the Old Gods -LRB- let 's ask Jesus about that one -RRB- . Although the show seems to be pushed as a family show , it is important to the plot that the hero has sex with someone he only met a couple of days earlier -LRB- let 's hear it for family values -RRB- . The list goes on and on . But what about the book author ? Well , right at the beginning we are given a taste of what to expect during the course of the book . Flynn is escorted through an `` empty hallway '' and then we get a description of all of the things in the hallway . Is it empty or not?The adventure angle and the popular cast will , I am sure , get good ratings at first , but as for the novelization , it should remain in the slush pile .
 I wonder if I read the same book as the first reviewer here ? Could n't have.The book I read alternated between being boring and self-consciously `` avante-garde . '' In defense of Mr. Southern , this is very much a first novel . Lots of characters , lots of plot and ... it all goes nowhere . The characters , all of them , are selfish , self-serving neurotic a-holes . It was impossible to feel anything for them . Only the Latino gardener character was anything resembling human.If you 're new to Southern 's writing , skip this effort and go right to THE MAGIC CHRISTIAN -- so much a superior book , it 's hard to believe it was written by the same guy . For what it 's worth , in the fine Southern biography , A GRAND GUY , it 's noted that Allen Ginsberg could n't make heads or tails of FLASH AND FILIGREE either .
 Strange book ... totally not what I expected from the man who wrote Easy Rider . Actually funny in a couple of spots , but left me feeling perplexed as to why I read it .
 I slogged through it only because Terry Southen has written some of the best books I have ever read . The Magic Christian and Candy are wonderful works of satire , so I kept thinking `` This has to get better . '' It did not . The character 's thoughts and motivations were wierd , overly complicated -LRB- as oppposed to Complex -RRB- and out of sinc with what was going on or at least just plain stupid It 's hard to see the same author behind this one . Maybe it is because it was his first novel . I felt it was written by someone who is highly intelligent but completely lacking in esthetic judgement .
 The story was disjointed . I read cosiderabje of the story and never got to a connection between the characters . It was as though there were multiple stories . I did n't finish the story . This story is the first in years that I could n't finish .
 This book is absolutely horrible for beginners , or even for those upgrading to Visual Basic 6.0 from a previous version . It fails the Visual Basic programmer in a number of ways.The book fails to adequately describe the properties of Visual Basic 's standard controls , giving only a cursory discussion of a handful of properties . It even goes so far as not discussing a property it expects the reader to utilize in the chapter exercises.Where sample code is provided , it often completely confuses the reader . Code is shown in the book from screen shots , with no attention paid to the fact that the code was often cut off on the far right due to the author 's screen resolution.In addition , this book is poorly laid out . It expects the user to learn debugging in the second chapter of programming , before even touching on variables or decision-making processes.In at least one instance , the book actually provides incorrect syntax for a frequently used statement . The SELECT CASE statement is incorrectly taught as simply SELECT , causing any reader trying to duplicate Wilborn 's code to get syntax errors until they figure out on their own the correct syntax for the statement.In short , I would not recommend this book for anyone , whether a beginning user or an advanced programmer . Its inconsistencies will confuse and frustrate the beginner , and will probably annoy the advanced programmer .
 At one hundred fifty dollars this book is a total rip . It 's softcover for chrissakes , and boring ! You can get the international edition for less -LRB- I paid forty one dollars -RRB- .
 Harsh , yes . Honest , very . I read the prior reviews and then bought the book anxious to find another great author . What I found was boredom and frustration , some red herrings , and a mystery not worth my time . The characters were n't in depth enough to feel for them , the forward in time back in time movement did n't work for keeping the story moving , and the story itself did n't hold my attention . I finished because I felt committed .
 I 'm not sure why this book got such raving reviews , I certainly do n't need to go on and read book 2 in the series . Perhaps it is because I listened to the audio version , but I found the tone of the writing condescending toward the culture the author is supposed to represent . Moreover , the main character is hardly compelling , and the unfolding events during the story perilously close to being simply boring .
 I 'm wondering what I am not seeing in this book . It came highly recommended by a friend and I picked it up recently to read on a plane . The main character is a likeable sleuth , though her opinions about men consist mostly of stereotypes so blatantly sexist that I could n't help thinking more than once , `` A book whose main character spoke so disparagingly of women would never get published , and certainly would n't get the favorable press that this book has received . `` The best part of the book is Africa , which is there , but not vividly enough to make up for other things that are missing , like a plot . The book is vignettes about Mma Ramotswe 's cases . The back cover leads you to believe that `` the case that tugs at her heart , and lands her in danger , is that of a missing eleven-year-old boy , who may have been snatched by witch doctors . '' It would be a good book if that statement about a heart tugged at , danger , and a case that exists at the center of the book were true . The missing boy case takes up a total of about 10 pages of the book , 15 at the most . I kept waiting for the vignettes to be tied together , or for some clue from another case to help solve the case of the boy 's disappearance . Nothing like that is part of the book . I was disappointed in the writing , the stereotypical view of males , and the lack of a mystery in the story that engaged me for more than a few pages.Was it better than the in-flight magazine on Northwest ? Definitely . Would I recommend it ? Not if you want a good mystery , unless your options for reading material are limited . For a literary introduction to Africa , read The Poinsonwood Bible . For fluffy and unbloody yet charming mysteries with coherent plots , read Dorothy Gillman 's Mrs. Pollifax books .
 I read this in my book club ; otherwise , I would n't have finished it . The book never gets too involved in any one story . There are many cases Precious solves , too many . I was interested in the case of the missing boy and kept waiting for that to be developed . It wound up being anti-climactic . As I read it , I thought , this is it ? I did enjoy Precious life story , and how she got to own her own agency . Some of the writing is very beautiful . Other members of my book club , said the other books are much better . Sadly , I 'm not interested enough to find out . As for women detectives , I LOVED Maisie Dobbs by J. Winspear
 Having read so many glowing reviews , I picked this book up and promptly signed my name in it . When I was done - I wished I had n't written in it , so that I could return it !!! I found this book slow moving , trite and uninspiring . Maybe if I had more knowledge of Africa and the every day slang used there , I would have become more involved in the stories . I 'd say if you want a book to read that 's `` just a book to read '' , and not something you become immersed in , then this book would be ok .
 This book was okay , not one of my favorites . Probably wo n't buy anymore . Only read it because it was my Book Club pick , but would n't buy another one .
 I decided to read this book for a couple of reasons
 I do not understand why this book is so popular . I am about 1/2 way through it and I am still waiting for it to catch my attention . It is such a struggle ! I feel like I have to force myself to finish it because it just does n't seem to have a plot or any sort of big story that draws me in . Maybe I am just missing some major appeal , but I would save my money and buy some other book instead .
 I was expecting an exciting mystery so I was somewhat disappointed with this book . The main character is an African lady thay has had some hardship in her life but she remains upbeat . She loves her Africa and in that vein , she introduces us to her Africa . That I did enjoy . The author 's imagery is quite good . I guess the cases she receives are typical of Africa ; but they lack any real mystery or excitement . Her approach to them is rather homey . If you would like to be introduced to Africa in a different way , then you will like this book .
 Call me simple , but I could n't get through the first tape of the unabridged audio book . I tried to be patient , but after an hour , the plot still had n't begun to take shape . Although I ca n't offer much in the way of a review , I nonetheless felt the need to post one , because I bought this book BECAUSE of the rave reviews . It may warm up , but all indications pointed to ramblings of cultures and complications in simple lives , and I was absolutely bored to death . The slow speech and accent of the reader may have contributed to the coma this book attempted to put me in .
 This is the first time in my life where I have bought a book , based on the printed reviews , and found them to be totally misleading!I am VERY displeased . The review on the cover of this book was definitely misleading . There was not one hilarious or even mildly funny episode in the ENTIRE book . I unfortunately kept reading it until the very end , thinking it has to get better . Where 's all the funny stuff !! It was not written well . The story did not flow well . It is nothing but short stories about a few investigations and then WAH -- LA she decides its time to get married ... the end . This has to be the worst book I have ever read!I am really sorry I forked out my twelve bucks at an airport bookstore for this one .
 I bought this book after reading all those fabulous reviews , it was so boring that no matter how hard I forced myself I could n't go on reading after the 40th page . You could feel that the writer was a novice from the start
 This book was very slow moving and lacked the ability to hold my interest . I 'd recommend the Poisonwood Bible instead .
 I wanted to read this book because of the positive reviews it had received . The book was hard for me to get into . I wanted the mystery to present itself sooner than it did . Too much time was spent on the main character 's history , which I suppose was to set up the series . When she finally got a case , it was resolved very quickly . I realized that this book would describe several simple , quick cases she had worked on rather than having a main mystery that would serve as a plot . It was interesting to have Africa as a backdrop , but that is not enough to make me want to read other books in this series , the first book of which disappointed me .
 I really tried to like this as I knew someone who thought it was great . Unfortunately , I could never get into it . I must have read half the book before I finally just gave up and gave the book away .
 Mna Ramotswe is the most colorful character to grace the pages in a long time . Her wonderful vivid accounts of Africa and its people are splendid and warm . I discovered her quite by accident and can hardly wait to find our her next excellant adventure . The audio books are a wonderful way to immerse yourself from the stresses of a busy day or a wonderful companion on a piece of exercise equipment . I hope you will enjoy the No 1 . Ladies Detective agency adventures as much as I have .
 After all of the hype , I had to read this . I was very disappointed . I suppose I was expecting too much . It 's a light , comfortable , easy read I would feel good about putting in my child 's -LRB- teen -RRB- room for the summer or taking to the beach for something quick . However , it was too light for me . No plot , short , poor dialog , very little depth to the characters . The author would start to touch on the charm of Africa , then simply abandon it in search of a story that never seemed to take hold.I am pleased to have met the charming main character , however found I could have put the book down at any time without feeling the loss . I wo n't be looking to read the rest in series . This was pleasant ... but once is enough .
 I was looking for something more like an Agatha Christie or M.M. Kaye when I picked up this book . In contrast to those books , this had little-to-no suspense . The characters are warm and the setting is interesting , but the book reads more like a series of short stories about Botswana and its people rather than a mystery . In themes , it 's sort of a cross between `` The Color Purple '' and a Harlem-renaissance book called `` The Conjure-Man Dies '' , but much less interesting than both . I finished the book , there were some amusing vignettes , but overall it leaves much to be desired .
 The book is too `` wordy '' Names and items are repeated too often . ie . `` tiny white van '' . The characters are not believable .
 While the characters are mildly engaging , the plotlines in this book are rather uninteresting . I found the solutions to the mysteries glaringly obvious , and I am not one of those people who can routinely figure out whodunit by page 15 . Precious Ramotswe is a likable but bungling detective who repeatedly gets found out by the people she is supposed to be trailing -LRB- yes , I know it 's part of the plot , but it 's rather irritating -RRB- . The novel is just barely worth reading for the pleasant local color , but as far as intelligent mystery fiction goes , I would rather reread any Dorothy Sayers novel -- except the execrable _ Thrones , Dominations _ , completed posthumously by another author -- for the umpteenth time , than continue following Mma Ramotswe 's career .
 Referring to this book , and the entire series by the same author , I was very disappointed . On the one hand , these books are a refreshing change from the barrage of bestsellers pumped out from modern publishing houses in London and New York . You know the ones we all treasure as our ` guilty pleasures . ' They are promoted , postered , and sold in airports and in the chain stores of the High Streets and shopping malls of both sides of the Atlantic . We do love to read them on the morning train and at the beach - ` ever more lurid ' with their serial killers , roman-a-clef political and entertainment celebrities , packed with murder , death , debauchery , conspiracies and mayhem.On the other hand , however , Smith 's ` Number 1 Ladies Detective Agency ' series is pretty dull . Is this a question of ` the emperor 's new clothes ' ? It appears to be a sunny , pleasant recounting of basically decent and wholesome ` ordinary ' folks . Taking joy in the simple , daily pleasures kind of thing . But as one reads , one 's teeth and pancreas start to ache from all the saccharin . His narrative voice simpers . The repetitive rhythm produces a monotone of banality . The characterizations and -LRB- forgive the use of the term , the ` action ' -RRB- resembles more the baby talk of a remarkably earnest 10 year-old with special needs , than the voice of poetry and ` simpler times ' the author strives for . Hardly worth the eyeball time and minimal brain power required to process this drivel.These books ostensibly convey the charm and grace of a simpler , more natural , and therefore a somehow ` more worthy than corrupt modern us ' culture . That is certainly their avowed purpose , and is what at least some literary critics say about the series . That kind of ` PC ' and ` diversity sensitive ' western thinking is claptrap . Third world , or other so-called ` native ' cultural members do n't simper , and do n't use baby talk as a primary language when communicating within their own language speaking group . It may only appear that way at times when language differences limit and constrain what can be said and heard between such language speakers and native English speakers . Surely an educated person , and one who is supposed to have lived among village Africans for many years , would be aware of that ? And would be sensitive to the per force inaccurate depictions of third world cultures that result from depicting such persons solely on the basis of the awkward and frustrating intercultural linguistic difficulties?Perhaps the puerile and monotonous style of these books might still be able to lay some claim as accurate portrayal of African life , that is , if the writer had to record his thoughts on a slab of clay -LRB- or some such rudimentary medium -RRB- , painstakingly etched out with a sharp stick . In such a circumstance , the writer would be forgiven for abbreviating and omitting much of what would otherwise be required for a full and accurate version of daily societal interaction . But such a belabored , stereotyped , and simpering version from someone with access to a word processor , a typewriter , or even a pencil and proper paper is insulting and unforgivable . The stereotyping is subtle , as the intentions are probably inocuous , but the harm to the good people of Africa -LRB- and I have met many -RRB- will nonetheless further our misunderstandings of them .
 Very light reading . I did not draw me in . So many better books out there .
 This is a collection of short stories revolving around the new founder of her own detective agency . The book spends a fair amount of time on local color . The mysteries , if you can call them that , are light weight . There 's nothing wrong with any of that , often I want a light read , but there were two big factors that I could not get around that make me give a one star rating.First , the people in Botswana are presented very negatively , and the men are even worse than the women . Maybe most Botswanans truly are self-centered bastards , but I found that too hard to believe . -LRB- Even so , I could accept that depiction in a hard-boiled detective book , but this is more of a sunny-side-up book . -RRB- Second , the author keeps presenting contradictory pictures of the characters , particularly the main character . In one story she is shown as exceptionally honest , while most other stories show her freely lying . In one story she says she would never commit a crime , and in another story she steals a car . In one story she is attracted to a man who beats and rapes her , in some stories she has no interest in any man , and in one story she is attracted to an apparently nice man . I kept asking myself if the author was trying to make some point by these contradictions , but I could n't discern any theme and came to believe it was simply poor writing .
 I agree with the previous reviewer ... I 'm halfway through and nothing is grabbing me . I 'm reading it for bookclub and hate not finishing a book , but this one for me is done . I really like a deeper storyline .
 The No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency was a classic weekend read . Both the prose and the plot are quite simple . The several cases she solves are also simple and very predictable . This is the kind of book you take to the beach and finish it in no time . This is definitely not the kind of book you ponder and re-read . The good things about this book are the characters and the exotic setting of Botswana . It made me aware of how little I know about Africa and made me want to educate myself about Africa . The main character , Precious Ramotswe is pleasant and resourceful -LRB- large and warm like Africa -RRB- . The other characters are also straightforward and somewhat memorable . However , I struggle the fact that this book is on the New York Times Best Seller list . I recommend Helen Fielding 's -LRB- Yes , the author of Bridget Jones ' Diary -RRB- Cause Celeb .
 This book received two Booker Judges ' Special Recommendations in 1999 and was voted one of the International Books of the Year and the Milennium by the Times Literary Supplement , which can either be explained by British sentimentality or British condescension , but not by any special literary qualities . If you 're looking for the Botswana version of Miss Read , this is your book . This is n't Inspector Morse transposed to Africa but tales of English village life , and the result is , to say the least , disorienting . Furthermore , the `` cases '' that Mma Ramotswe , No. 1 Ladies ' Detective , investigates make the Hardy Boys look like Sam Spade . Mma Ramotswe drinks bush tea , not Twinings , but reading this book is like slowly drowning in a weak brew with far too much milk and sugar .
 With all the hype surrounding this book , I expected to love it . I did n't . The story begins with a slow narrative about Africa , which is where Mma Ramotswa , the main character lives . We then get a very short anecdote about a case Ramotsaw handles through her detective agency . From there , we get many pages of background information from her father 's life , in her father 's voice - and her father is already dead . By the time the story got back around to the detective agency , I had forgotten the book was supposed to be about a a female detective . I found the book slow and lacking in focus . Honestly , 2 stars is being generous for me .
 An omnivorous consumer of gentle detective/mystery books , I find the popularity of this series inexplicable . I have read a few , tried to enjoy them , and in the end , put the book down as puzzled as when I started.The writing is inoffensive -LRB- which is in this illiterate age quite an achievement -RRB- , the detective acceptably eccentric yet just like us , and we can all feel suitably broadminded by reading something set in a part of the world that usually only appears in the bloody bits of the news.Perhaps it is just too much cleaned and comfortable exotic , perhaps the whole middle-class-white-male writing from black-female-poor perspective -LRB- do they take the same frock size even ? -RRB- annoys me , perhaps it is the use of the ludicrous archaism `` lady , '' perhaps it is all the glowing reviews from the `` I do n't normally read detective novels/fiction '' people -LRB- if they do n't , how do they know these are any good ? they 've never read any others -RRB- , and I am prepared to admit it may just be me , but the greatest mystery about these books is their popularity .
 I read this book with eager anticipation . It had been of the best seller list with great reviews . I was dissappointed , the story was slow and the plot simple .
 The No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency is the first story in a series of mystery novels about Mme. Ramotswe and the detective agency that she opens with the money left to her by her dying father . The catch here , if you had n't noticed from the title , is that she is a woman , and not only that , the first woman detective in all of Botswana . If you missed that intricate plot detail , never fear , the main character will remind you of it during the course of the story . Again , and again , and again ... I debated between one and two stars for this one . It was n't a total waste . It had some charm to it ... some . In the end I give it one star simply because I had much higher expectations for it , and it was a let down . Wow , and what a let down it was ! I honestly really thought I would enjoy it . I was interested in the mystery aspect of it . I like a good mystery novel . I have a fascination with Africa , and being set in Africa , I was thinking `` this looks like a winner . `` One of the main problems I had with is was the way in which the dialog of the characters was written . Another reviewer described it as `` baby talk '' , and really , I ca n't think of any better way to describe it . I keep trying to come up with reasons for why it was written in this manner , but none of them make any sense to me . It just makes the characters come across as stupid , as though African people are incapable of using any words longer than five letters long or expressing themselves with any sort of eloquence what-so-ever . There 's also the plot . Mme. Ramotswe solves several cases throughout the story with a certain finesse of Inspector Gadget . SPOILER ALERT ! There is the case of the missing Christian husband , who Ramotswe is convinced has run away with another woman -LRB- `` Men are stupid , LOLZ !!! 1 '' is a major theme of the book -RRB- . Turns out he was swallowed whole by a crocodile . Of course ! There 's the case of the 16 year old girl , who actually outsmarts Ramotswe . The girl is actually the only character in this book that I liked . There 's the doctor with seemingly inconsistent talent . Like a plot twist straight out of a daytime soap opera , it turns out he has an identical twin brother who is getting to substitute for him in hospitals so he can hold down two jobs and earn twice the money . Wow ! That makes so much sense ... would n't he spend twice as much since he has to have two places to live ? Other than that , I 'm sure this is totally probable . And then there is the heart breaking case of a missing boy which challenges Ramotswe the most , and puts her in the most danger ... or so says the back cover of the book . Allow me to paraphrase this climax of the book for you : Ramotswe
 In consideration of the book 's title I must admit that I was somewhat suprised and excited when reading the first few chapters because there was a glimpse of the culture of Mme Ramotswe 's Africa . We learned about customs and acceptable and unacceptable social practices and those items that are `` taboo . '' Unfortunately , as the author continues with Mme Ramotswe 's journey as a detective I found that the author could have indulged us more with an exploration into the `` whys '' rather than teasing us with shallow information .
 I enjoyed The No. 1 Ladies ' Detective Agency , although I do n't feel it lived up to its mystery label . I felt this more to be a fiction story about Africa , with simple mysteries a way of moving plot forward and allowing back story highlighting African history and culture . Still , Precious Ramotswe is a likable character , and fans of Agatha Christie 's Miss Marple are likely the readers who drove this book to the top of the National Bestseller lists .
 The No. 1 Ladies ' Detective Agency tells the story of Mma Precious Ramotswe as she establishes the first -LRB- and only -RRB- private detective agency in all of Botswana . Mma Ramotswe floats from case to case , finding missing and/or cheating husbands , tracking down stolen property , turning down marriage proposals , and doing all of the things that you 'd expect from a Botswanan female private eye.Judging from its high sales figures , the fact that it is first in a series , and the rave reviews at Amazon , this is a well-liked book . However , I have -LRB- at best -RRB- mixed feelings about it . On the plus side , I enjoy books that give a good feel for what it is like to live at a certain time or place . This book does do a good job of that , giving the reader a real feel for the day-to-day life of a small businesswoman in present-day Botswana.Unfortunately , there is not much plot here . Most of the cases are independent `` morality plays '' -LRB- if that is the correct term -RRB- . Mma Ramotswe uses here superior understanding of human motives , or her superior intellect , or her superior bulk to solve the case and show that lying , cheating , stealing , or leaving your wife and going off to join a religious sect -LRB- ! -RRB- does n't pay . There were tantalizing hints that there might be some main story-line coming together , but it never really came to fruition.This is n't a bad book . If you are looking for something to pick up in an airport to read on a flight or something , you can certainly do worse . Plus , for the non-Botswanan among us , the look at life in a new country is certainly a plus . I feel like I 'm being picky , but the lack of a plot is holding back my rating . I 'll give it two stars out of five , with the caveat that for a two-star book , it 's really quite good .
 I have read the overwhelmingly glowing critiques of this book and wonder if I read the same book . I thought this was an uneven , predictable novel that made me wonder what could have been done with such rich material and such potentially interesting characters in the hands of a better author . I am certain this will show up as some equally inept made for tv movie . The bestseller list is not usually a barometer of good literature , and this book proves it to me once again .
 This novel came highly recommended to me by a friend whose book judgement I trust , but I was halfway into it when I realized , `` My god . This is African Encyclopedia Brown ! `` I like the way the author describes Africa , and it did have a sense of place , but it seemed like such a gossamer thin plotline throughout . Silly even . I always knew what would happen next.Liking a book is a very personal experience , but for me , `` Poisonwood Bible , '' was a more substantive , enjoyable and dimensionalized view of Africa .
 I give the author points for character development - the heroine is so human with all the good and bad that goes along with that but the plot is painfully slow ! Precious is clearly a 3 dimensional character as are the people she meets throughout her journey but I found myself thinking `` do something - anything to move this story forward ! '' In all , the book failed to hold my attention and I found it rather boring .
 The author in his time has written several children 's books , and , well , actually this is a children 's book as well . It reminds me most of any Disney story where Mickey Mouse and Goofy set out to catch a mastermind of some kind.On average , you 'll have figured out the whole mystery about five pages before the heroine , Mma Ramotswe , has . Unless you 're a seven year old , that is . Then you 'll probably just about be solving mysteries alongside the lady detective.Unless you 're annoyed by details like every second paragraph beginning with `` She '' , you 'll find this book an easy read . And there 's no doubt the author knows Botswana/Southern African life and everyday language very well , and he demonstrates it through his writing . If you 're a sucker for anything African , including the occasional crocodile and snake thrown into the story for no major reason at all , you 'll like this book . If you 're a grown-up and looking for something Agatha Christie-like , you will not .
 This `` mystery '' was placed in with the adult literature at the bookstore . It really is geared to about 5th or 6th grade with the exception of some discussion of almost explicit sex . I 'm not sure of the author 's intent , but the story and the writing was not of the complexity for an adult . I might rate it higher if thought intention was to gear for children , with a warning about the sex inferences.The story is set in Botswana . A middle-aged woman starts a detective agency and investigates the regular cases that a detective agency would investigate . No complex crimes , etc. . The woman is pretty simple and leads pretty simple life . She solves the cases by using common sense , kind of like you would expect in Tom Sawyer or from Dear Abby .
 This book 's success in sales beguiles the fact that it is banal , poorly written , and horribly edited . The interesting plot premise of the adventures a woman detective in a patriarchal society has been developed into a boring story with cliched characters engaged in underwhelming activities . The stilted and choppy writing style could be an attempt to reflect the relative simplicity of life in Botswana , but it is tedious and patronizing . Obvious mistakes were rife in the paperback version -LRB- which , by now , should have been corrected from earlier editions -RRB- . For example , a principal character , described early in the book as a consummate bachelor , has a dead wife mentioned later in the book . Surely better mysteries are out there ?
 If this was listed as `` junior reading '' and eliminated the minor sex references , I 'd probably give this book a couple of more stars . The cases do not have much complexity and the stories are not rich in Africa life .
 Main character achieves all her good results from lying , hates dogs , uses one as crocodile bait , has super human intellectual powers and extreme pride in her abilities . Not my type of heroine .
 Every once and awhile I am seduced by the popularity of a book ... and every time I am disappointed - only this time I am really disappointed . Little originality , poor prose , lame story lines - it has it all !!!! I am thinking of heading my own investigative team into who markets this crap - perhaps its Karl Rove .
 I finished this book in July for my summer reading . I 'm a sophmore in high school . I was THOROUGHLY disappointed . There was not one ounce of humor -LRB- although the cover claimed so -RRB- and the stories were mishappenly thrown together . There was no central plot . I do NOT recommend this book to anyone , old or young .
 This book was highly recommended to me , but I 'm afraid I was extremely disappointed . I realize this point of view is becoming old-fashioned , but the immorality was very offensive to me . Her new fiancee basically rapes her , in plenty of detail , and she marries him anyway . It should come as no surprise to readers that he continues to abuse her until he finally leaves her . There is not a single chapter that does n't refer to sex in some way.Besides that , the book is quite simple . Every mystery is easily solved in one chapter , with no twists anywhere . The first five chapters are spent telling every detail not only of her life up to that point , but also her father 's . But none of it ties in with the rest of the book . Basically nothing `` ties in '' at the end of the book . It just rambles on until it finally stops , leaving the reader craving a book with some kind of plot . If you are looking for a good lady detective , try Mrs. Pollifax .
 One of the most boring books i 've ever read , if not the most b oring.My own fault , I fell for an article written about the author who spokein this area recently .
 I had to read this book because it was selected by my book club . Had I read it when I was 12 it might have been fun . The stories are written at a childish level and to market this as anything other than a Nancy Drew level book is astounding . Fortunately it is over and done with quickly .
 I probably should n't even contribute since I only read about 25 pages of this , but I just could n't `` get into '' this book because I found the author 's writing style self-consciously quaint -LRB- maybe `` twee '' is the right word -RRB- , boring , and overall irritating . It 's a pet peeve of mine when an author refers to a character by his full name EVERY SINGLE TIME he mentions the character -- for example , `` Mr. J.M.B. Matekoni did this . Then Mr. J.M.B. Matekoni did that . Then Mma . Ramotswe asked Mr. J.M.B. Matekoni to do this for her ... '' Tedious ! Is there some literary value to that endless repetition that I 'm not aware of ?
 Read this for my book club , across the boards we were unimpressed . Easy to read but pretty surface level stories . Elementary plots .
 If you like strictly episodic books with no character development , no dramatic arc , and occasionally trite prose , this is the book for you . What 's more , the solution to each of the little `` mysteries '' -LRB- and I use the term loosely -RRB- was , by and large , predictable , including the sappy ending . I do n't generally read mystery books , and maybe that 's the problem -- but so many people recommended this thing that I tried to ignore the hype and dove in . What a waste of time when there are so many really good books out there to read ...
 I knew it would be a light read , but I came undone by how light it was . Not challenging enough for me .
 All I was looking for was how to turn from my humam form into a semi-truck or maybe even a gun or something , but nothing ... not even a mention of the Matrix . .
 I have n't received the book which I ordered since May 30 -31 st , 2009 . No one responded to my e-mail . What happened ? I 'm still waiting for the book .
 Not inspiring at all ! I have to echo the sentiments of some of the previous reviewers , it reads more like what money can buy for a bunch of insufferably boring CEO 's . And the author , should have got a better editor and concentrated more on the climbs rather than glorifying Bass & Wells.For truly inspiring and touching mountaineering books , read Into Thin Air or Touching The Void.I should have really been forewarned given that Clint Eastwood , recommends the book . -LRB- At least on the cover of my book -RRB- . Although , to Bass 's credit , its extremely cool that he managed to climb these after he was 50 .
 This book , in the main , is nothing more than hubris in print . Wells and Bass typify the attitude of today 's wealthy elitists
 After reading `` Into Thin Air '' by Jon Krakauer , I was eager to read more about the people who climb the tallest mountains . While I admire Frank and Dick 's success , particulary considering their age , I could n't help get the impression that this book was one long accolade to the men rather than the accomplishment . It felt like two very ego-driven , very successful men had manipulated a two-bit author into writing about how wonderful they were . I never once got the sense of loneliness and fear of being above 26,000 feet -LRB- the `` Death Zone '' -RRB- that Krakauer wrote about so well .
 This book reminds me of athlete biographies written for kids . All the characters are presented as totally one-dimensional cliches -- business leaders who refuse to lose , tough-acting butchy women with hearts of gold -- all your favorites are here ! You 're forced to read page after page of detailed conversations that are clearly fictionalized . The author bends over backwards in an effort to elevate Bass and Wells to superhero status . All of this can get very annoying ! The bottom line , as I understand it , is that Bass and Wells did something that they should be very proud of . By treating their adventure as a world-class mountaineering accomplishment -LRB- which it clearly was not -RRB- the author actually detracts from the story .
 This book is definitely not one to purchase if you are looking for detailed accounts of climbing these mountains.We read far more about the planning and personal lives of these men ; neither of whom is interesting enough to command this attention . The dialogue between the two men is incredibly canned and sappy and Ridgeway tries in vain to capture the true feelings resulting from these ascents . You would probably be better off reading individual guides if you want to get a feel for these climbs . There are definitely better books on the subject .
 I thought when I reached the end of the book , the `` heroes '' would change their mind that money is everything and their natural arrogance . I was wrong . This is nothing to do with mountaineering , just what money can buy .
 I must admit , I approached this book with extreme prejudice . I had read some reviews and listened to the opinions of my friends who had read the book and made a mental note to pass on this one . Then , as a present , I was given the book . As I make a point to read any book given to me as a gift -LRB- I may rethink this policy -RRB- , I threw all caution to the wind and began reading . Right away I was gritting my teeth . The two protagonists , Dick Bass and Frank Wells , I found to be insufferable and left me thanking my stars that I never was stuck with either of them in a tent.Both men were used to getting their way in the business world -LRB- although Frank Wells could n't operate a microwave or buy his own clothes -RRB- , pushing people about , and letting money do the talking . When the idea occurred to them to climb the highest peak on each of the continents , they naturally thought that their characters and a little physical conditioning would meet with success . Amazingly , they were successful - thanks to skilled climbers who risked their own lives to allow these two men to try to fulfill their Seven Summits dream.Rick Ridgeway , the hired pen for this book , treats his benefactors , Bass and Wells , as if they were modern day heroes
 After reading `` Into Thin Air '' by Jon Krakauer , I was eager to read more about the experience of climbing the tallest mountains . While I admire Frank and Dick 's success , particulary considering their age , I could n't help get the impression that this book was one long accolade to the men rather than the accomplishment . It felt like two very ego-driven , very successful men had manipulated a two-bit author into writing about how wonderful they were . I never once got the sense of loneliness and fear of being above 26,000 feet -LRB- the `` Death Zone '' -RRB- that Krakauer wrote about so well .
 Diane Raines Ward is obviously a well traveled and well educated person , but it seemed that her personal experiences were what most mattered to her in what could have been a very interesting expose if it was a little less wordy ... maybe some good editing would help .
 It took 5 weeks to find out the vendor did n't even have a copy of it in stock .
 This had the making of a great book . A good story line , explosive action , human interest and well written . Why did the author have to use the `` f '' word so regularly , so out-of-place and so off putting that it became too difficult to continue reading ?
 It is a long time since i read a book that slow and boring.But now i know a lot about the streets and hotel rooms in Washington D.C.I also know how to operate an old VHS tape-recorder . Everything is just so slow and detailed that u will probably go to sleep very fast.I did .
 You know how some people , when they tell a story , have to give you every ... single ... detail and by the time they get to the point , you are past caring . That 's how McNab is -- only to add to the misery , his main character is dragging a little girl around with him . And we have to hear about every street they go down , every hotel room they inhabit . And , on one hand , the author makes you think that capture could come at any minute . Yet , the character has time to buy clothes for the little girl , right in the heat of the chase . Spare me ! The book just plods along with little excitement and little plot development . In fact , the plot seems to go nowhere . McNab is better writing non-fiction . I ca n't understand all the positive reviews here . It must be a British thing .
 With all due respect to Andy , I think he should stick with writing true crime/non-fiction books as he did before -LRB- `` Immediate Action '' and `` Bravo Two Zero '' ; both great , especially the latter one -RRB- . There is a good thing , though , that comes out of this book . I learned how to go into hiding , how to evade the enemy , how to conduct survaillance , how to lose people in the crowds , how to lie when checking into hotels , how to ditch cars and never use credit cards while on the run . Not to mention how to make home-made bombs using kitchen cleaners . It 's a good guide on what to do while hiding from government agencies or ` other organizations ' . `` A Fugitive 's Manual '' . Otherwise , as a fiction novel , it 's not all that good . But I still appreciate the tips !
 I guess it does n't surprise me that the intellectual level of what one assumes must be an average SAS operator is fairly low . Given the political dirtbags who run such agencies these days , McNab probably quite accurately represents the conformity of thought and uncritical mindset of killers for hire.Tradecraft ? Well , I 'd love to see a veteran OSS operative run circles around this bozo.It 's an interesting read if only for a look into the British soul . It reminds me once again why I feel revulstion towards most Brits ; so thank you , McNab.As a purely technical criticism , directed more to the editors than the author , it 's always a good idea to have an ending in a book . This one just sort of stops ... . Maybe the last couple chapters got lost somewhere ?
 Great setting for a crime - everyone snowbound or snowblind perhaps . The psychologist/sleuth is only a husband bringing hiswife 's purse to the hospital . A good read if you enjoy lawyers in trouble
 This time the DM is assigned to find and destroy a Red Chinese chemical weapons stash which will be used to takeover SE Asia . To help on the mission , he is matched with a CIA agent even more bigoted and opnionated than Camellion . Otherwise it 's kill , kill , kill as in any other Death Merchant adventure . With a little bit of the usual asides on life , death and religion .
 This is one of the worst books I have ever read
 I was going to buy this book for a colleague who just had a baby girl , thinking it would be nice for them to read it together when the baby was older . However , I was put off by the illustrations . The mother looks very weary in many of the pictures , like she 's not have enjoying her daughter at all . It 's in sharp contrast to the text . Especially the scene where the girl is taking a bath . She rattling on about how she smells like her mother because she uses mommy 's soap , while the mother is sitting there ignoring her and reading a book . Her hair is falling in her face and she looks very weary , like she just ca n't wait for the kid to finish her bath and get to bed . All in all , I found the artwork rather dreary and it made me tired to look at the mother . Mothers get tired enough chasing after small children , they do n't need to read a picture book and see that as well . I do n't recommend it , and am really surprised why the reviewer thinks the art is so wonderful . I 'd give it a one star but the text is cute .
 I agree with the reviewer who says the mother looks weary . In fact , I 'll go a step further and say this mom looks very depressed , like she ca n't even hold herself up straight . The colors and sparseness of the pictures also further accentuate the feeling of depression . Even the mother 's clothes -- the girl brings her mother a dress because it `` makes her look like sunshine '' but the dress fits the mother like a sack that hangs to her ankles . The mother rarely smiles , her hair is unkempt and hanging all over her face , and in the scene where the little girl is bathing , mom is humped over while seated on a stool , and reading a book -- like she could n't care less if the kid drowns in the tub . I felt exhausted and dreary after I skimmed through this at a bookstore . My question was -- why ? The text is sweet , but why would a publisher print a book with such horrible pictures ? Why not a cheery mom who is enjoying her daughter ? Why this morbid look at a woman who looks like she ca n't stand the kid and is going to swallow sleeping pills at the end of the day ? I do n't profess to understand the publishing industry , but I do n't understand the purpose of this God-awful book . I gave it a one star because the pictures totally overwhelm the text .
 This is not a study guide ! Unfortunately , the booksellers do n't provide any information when offering these resources . This book starts on page 1 with practice test after practice test . These tests may offer a fair sampling of what one might find on the NASD series 6 exam , however , they never offer any instruction and there is no explanation or reference point to help you learn why your answers are right or wrong .
 For the record , I have spent many years researching the Great Pyramid , and have written several books in my four-volume `` Language of God '' book series with substantial portions devoted to deciphering the true meaning behind this impressive stone pillar . In fact , in my book `` The Language of God in Prophecy , '' over 250 pages of the 590-page book are devoted to the Great Pyramid , which I call the Pillar of Enoch , and have named my Pillar of Enoch Ministry web site after . While writing my books , I read through Peter Lemesurier 's `` Great Pyramid Decoded '' , and though I found many of the drawings and diagrams helpful , the majority of the book 's analytical sections are grossly in error due to the author 's incorrect presuppositions concerning many aspects of this ancient monument.My book club version of Lemesurier 's book is a very professionally produced hard cover full of colorful photos , and diagrams done with much care . Unfortunately , because Lemesurier totally misses the Zodiac connection of the Great Pyramid , and the fact that the Christian view of the Zodiac , called `` the Gospel in the Stars '' is a major key to deciphering it , the book is also filled with every sort of perversion and lie imaginable concerning the truth behind the structure 's internal passages and chambers . For example , the author completely ignores the testimony of the 1st Century Historian Josephus , who said with conviction that - prior to the Great Flood - the righteous Sethites -LRB- and ancestors to Abraham and Israel -RRB- invented the science of Astronomy , and built two great stone structures in Egypt to record their findings , which were still standing intact at Josephus ' writing ! After doing exhaustive research , I am convinced that these two structures of Sethite origin could be none other than the Great Pyramid and Great Sphinx at Giza in Egypt.Totally contrary to the beliefs of the righteous ancestors of the Israelites , Lemesurier 's book promulgates the idea that the Great Pyramid is a New Age type religious monument that says all faiths lead to God , and reincarnation and not Resurrection is the way to eternal life . For this reason , Peter Lemesurier 's `` Great Pyramid Decoded '' is not listed in the extensive bibliography for my book `` The Language of God in Prophecy '' under `` Pre-Flood Wisdom '' because it is flagrantly Paganistic and New Age , asserting that all faiths are represented in the Great Pyramid 's passages , and not just the Judeo-Christian heritage . For this reason , I have listed his book under `` Paganism , False Religious Mythology . ''
 I was very disappointed with this book as the recipes definitely were not from the Pacific . Ms Langbein uses primarily Asian ingredients , and Asian recipes to dress up food found in the Pacific . For example , she uses lots of coriander , sake , white rice vinegar , kaffir lime leaves . Admittedly , she does state in her introduction that `` The recipes in this book do not represent the traditional cooking of the Pacific '' but then why put `` Pacific '' in the title of your book ? Why not call it `` Savour Asian flavours '' . She condescendingly describes the traditional cooking of the Pacific to be `` rather bland subsistence fare '' . I take exception to this , having grown up in a Pacific home . If she had spent any time in a real Pacific kitchen , she might have discovered that food from this region is as tasty as anything found in Asia -LRB- the area from where she REALLY drew her inspiration . Having said that , if you are after Westernised and Asianised -LRB- ! -RRB- Pacific fare , then buy this book . If you want something more authentic , try Sam Choy 's books.Now that I 've had my rant and rave , there are good points about this book . Firstly , the stunning photographs by Keiran Scott are so vivid and inspiring , this could easily be a coffeetable book . Secondly , the recipes are laid out in a clear , concise fashion so you can easily see what you need and how to prepare each dish.One star for exploiting the Pacific to sell yet another Asian cookbook .
 You ca n't rate something you do n't receive !!!! I never received it and thus I just have a review of Amazon.com . Probably wo n't use it again !
 ... contains several typos -LRB- and Nautical Almanac pages referenced in some of the problems are missing -RRB- . Instead of this one , get the updated -LRB- 2006 -RRB- version - it also has color illustrations while this one only has them in black & white . -LSB- Later addition -RSB-
 Trying her hand at writing into occultism and supernatural subjects , Agatha Christie failed to provoke new insights nor deliver any entertainment value.Several stories were outrightly occultic , such as the Hound of Death . These have got nothing to do with crimes.A couple of other stories such as the Blue Jar have some crime involved , and could be considered readable.What mystery and crime readers would normally expect from Agatha Christie was a thorough investigation of the paranormal , sifting the clues and evidence , and exhaust all possibilities before leaving it as ... unexplainable by known facts . Had Agatha Christie done that , the stories would have been much much more readable .
 This book falls in the bottom five of the 28 books that I have read by Wilbur Smith . There is no review of the African continent that is so prevalent in his other books . No intermingling of the diverse peoples that populate this country that you find in most of these books . Here there is nothing here but greed and sex without purpose and typical family squabbles.To my knowledge diamond mining has never been done in this fashion in Africa .
 When I order a book I expect a Book 6x9 inches , what I received was an shrunken facimily 4x7 trying very hard to make it to the major leagues . I would send it back but it would cost more than the imitation is worth .
 This book is one of Wilbur Smith 's early books and it shows.After reading his books set in ancient Egypt , I bought this thinking it would be a good read . He spent too much time on the relationships and too little time on the meat of the story which should have been the search for the elusive diamonds . I was able to finish it but was very disappointed particularly with the ending . It was as if he ran out of steam or got into a hurry . The ending in the book just left you wishing that he would have given you a little more to tie up the loose ends . Not a bad book but , not a great one either .
 Terminally boring and predictable but was able to finish it . I would rate his Monsoon and the early Courtney triliogy as 4-5 stars .
 After reading Patricia White 's `` Uninvited '' -LRB- which focuses on the effect of Production-era cinema on the formation of contemporary lesbian identities -RRB- , Clare Whatling 's `` Screen Dreams '' seemed a natural evolution in my reading . Ms. Whatling 's ostensible topic is how conteomporary lesbians appropriate modern cinema as subjects of fantasy and desire . Rather than being acted upon , as White 's work posits , Ms. Whatling contends that the lesbian viewer acts as much as she is acted upon . This intriguing and potentially powerful argument -LRB- which owes much to queer theory -RRB- , however , is lost amid Ms. Whatling 's overeagerness to show that she has the intellectual and academic credentials to make her case . `` Screen Dreams '' reads like an anxious Ph.d candidate 's thesis , full of disavowels -LRB- such as her repeated assertion that she is only speaking for herself -RRB- and rudimentary summarizations of * other * people 's work . In fact , I -LRB- not an academic by any means -RRB- had actually read most of Ms. Whatling 's sources , so much of this already-slender volume offered nothing new . Ms. Whatling makes a powerful supposition -LRB- one with which I am inclined to agree -RRB- , I simply regret that her writing was unable to live up to her subject 's promise .
 Dismal and overwrought bio of silent cinema 's first Latin lover . Casts Valentino as the victim of scheming women at every turn . Offers no new information , and rehashes lots of unproven allegations , like Rudy worked as a gigolo in NY before his film career . If anyone can recommend a good biography of Valentino , I would love to hear from them .
 Shulman 's `` biography '' of Valentino is certainly more fiction than truth . It 's an interesting read if you 're looking for the flavor of the 1920s , but other than that , forget it . It is equally as florid as his `` biography '' of Jean Harlow . Does he make this stuff up as he goes along ?
 In an ironic twist , the title is sadly misleading . In a group of essays that seem to exist mostly as filler , Degeneres , who is usually so funny in her stand-up routines , absolutely misses the target on her first humor collection . There is n't a single essay that is good all the way through . There is a running gag about club soda that is amusing , and a chapter on human behavior is likewise entertaining . Degeneres rambles on in a way that is irritating , and many of her observations are strangely dull . Much of what the author has to say is a few beats off from funny , and the chapters containing lists are staggeringly dry and achingly boring . Reading through this was like reading a slightly silly textbook . Eyes passed over words , and while comprehending them , did not find them interesting . What a major disappointment from a talent who has proven herself to be a remarkable addition to the field of comedy , but who must have lost some of her humor in the translation from stage to the written word .
 I 'm pretty easily amused , but maybe I do n't appreciate this kind of humor . I was expecting something different , but I found this almost silly at times . Sure I laughed a couple of times , but it was like she was trying too hard to be funny . I almost gave up a few times too . I bought this expecting to like it and to continue on to read all of her books , now I 'm not so sure . It 's like I want to read another one in case this one was a dud , but I get the feeling I 'd be disappointed again .
 I did n't find this book very funny at all . I think Ellen Degeneres is so funny largely because of her delivery and just reading her words on a page just did n't cut it . I LOVE Ellen but I did n't love this book .
 This book was complete and utter fluff . Degeneres does not in fact have a point . I felt dreadfully betrayed after reading this book , because I am a fan of her stand-up , but this book was pathetic . I really feel that Ellen has done her fans a disservice with this book , and I can only assume that some ruthless publicist forced her to write it .
 I am a huge huge fan of Ellen , I had always admired her talk shows and found her to be exceedingly funny without trying which is why I went to buy this book . I turned to the first few chapters and find them engaging but it did n't knock any laughter out of me . An occasional smile here and there but I get more humour out of internet chatting.I actually stopped reading after 4 - 5 chapters mainly because her stories seemed to be neverending . . this is leading to that and that is leading to further that and that is again leading to something else . Sort of like The Simpsons . . only lacking any real weight.I am still a huge huge fan of Ellen and I would probably buy her second book ... and any books after that . . but this turned out to be a disappointment for me .
 it must have taken ellen about as long as it takes to read this book to `` write '' it . it 's idiotic and though I have enjoyed ellen on the telly I lost a lot of respect for her after leafing through this pathetic excuse for writing.a ripoff - pure and simple
 I 'm a die-hard fan of Ellen 's TV series ! Her sense of humor on the screen is unbeatable . In print , unfortunately , it 's unbearable.A waste of your time and money .
 A true fan of her TV show , I was incredibly disappointed -LRB- an understatement -RRB- in this book . There is ONE joke ; it 's on page 41 . This , I remember , after reading the book 3 months ago -LRB- which I never finished
 A disappointing read . Ms. DeGeneres ' type of humor works brilliantly on TV , but comes off boring , dumb and predictable in print . I would rather see Ellen DeGeneres write a more serious autobiography , especially since she created such a stir when she outed herself and her show 's character last year . Until she does that , do n't waste your money on this book .
 I , like all the past reviewers , love Ellen ; however , this book is a bunch of pointless ramblings that I wish I did n't have to skip over to just get through the book . I have n't read her other books yet , since I 'm wanting to read everything in time order when they were written ... . so , I 'm hoping that her other books are better than this one . I would n't even bother purchasing it , rather pointless !
 I actually thought that Ellen would be funnier . This is just rambling nonsence . Just as though she has scribbled down the first thing that came to mind . Not for me , I 'm affraid . I could n't get through it at all .
 really tried to read this book , just could not get into it . Not for me but it might be someone elses read
 I love Ellen , but this book is soooo boring . All she does is talk in circles and nothing about her life-or her point
 This book is a quick read and that is just about the only good thing that I have to say about this book . I opened it expecting to laugh and learn something interesting about her life . What I have found instead is something not much more coherent than speaking to a three year old . The whole book consists of rambling , nonsense , incoherent stories that seem to make little if any sense . I seriously think that I lost a few brain cells while reading this book . If you start reading this and think oh it has to get better . I warn you it NEVER does ! It 's mindless drivle
 I found this book extremely hard to get through . I love Ellen , and her brand of humor . Why did I dislike the book so much ? Well , I finished reading the book yesterday . Except if you ca n't see the date , then you might think today is yesterday , which it may have well been depending on when you read this review . But if you read the review a year from now , then me saying I read it yesterday will be irrelevant . But if you read this review today , then it can be accurately concluded that it was really truly yesterday that I finished reading the book . Cover to cover . But if you did n't get a copy of the book with a cover on it , you will have no idea what I am talking about . Like if your dog ate it or you happen to buy a book at a bookstore for cheap because it does n't have a cover on it . And in that case , I hope the bookstore guy sold it at half price , because it would really stink to buy a book without a cover and not know what it is until you get it home . -LRB- get my drift ? thats almost the entire book . I love her act in person , but I expected to learn a little bit more about her than I did by reading the book . -RRB-
 I am one of the biggest Ellen fans out there , but this book was probably her worst job . I found it to be mostly her early stand-up routine put down on paper . And since Ellen is largely funny because of her comical looks , it left the humor hanging . Seriously , being an Ellen fan from the start , I would sit and tell the jokes before I read them off the page . If she was going to do a book about jokes , she should have at least come up with some new material . And she is blatantly honest about the financial motives of writing the book , and even ends the final page by writing random words so that she can meet her publisher 's word quota because she has run out of funny material . All I can say is thank goodness I picked up my copy at a flea market for a buck and did n't pay a much too large price for a repeat of her show .
 This book rates right down there among the worst I 've ever read . Not funny at all - I can not think of one piece that made me laugh . Stupid anecdotes that make no sense -LRB- the Iditarod thing ? Give me a break ! -RRB- . The last chapter was Ellen `` joking '' about the number of words required for the book . No joke at all - clearly she had a minimum word requirement and was having trouble making it because there were all kinds of extraneous garbage included in the stories . Horrible book and a huge waste of money . Do n't waste your time on this sorry excuse for comedy .
 As much as I enjoy Ellen and her show this book was really stupid and I read part of it and just threw it away .
 Ellen Degeneres has been surrounded by controversy ever since she came out of the closet as a lesbian -- and that 's what I was waiting for in her book , My Point ... and I Do Have One . Instead , what I found was a bunch of ramblings that had nothing to do with her life . In fact , the only chapter that actually dealt with her life -- Chapter One -- was n't serious at all . It was an interview Degeneres had with a neighbor from her childhood year , asking her what she remembered about her . All the neighbor had to say was that she was fat and had no friends . I was expecting to learn about her experiences as a gay woman , her life , her hardships , her influences . This book offered none of that . Ultimately , I was disappointed in the lack of sincerity and intensity of the book . To me , it seemed frou-frou , disorganized , and not at all real . I felt I wasted my time by reading it . I could have watched her show and gotten the same information , at the same time seen some funny acting . Her book was written like her TV show , a rambling discussion about whatever she chooses . It was as if she picked out her subjects from a hat , and then wrote about them . Every time Ellen began a discussion based on the chapter heading , she veered off into something totally different . But at the every end of the chapter , in a weak attempt to regain the thread of her topic , she returns briefly to her main point . Her book was really not based on anything , and each chapter had nothing to do with the others . There 's one chapter dedicated to her famous French toast recipe with squid , and another about what people should do to annoy co-workers . Some are lists , poems , journal entries , apology letters , fill-in-the-blanks , and just plain prose , but they are all individual and different . She actually skipped chapter 13 because she felt that if it was bad luck for a building elevator , it would be bad luck for her book . Her writing style was at first intriguing , because I have always found her comedic acts funny and true to life . She included interesting descriptions , like `` I was born , bred , and lightly sauteed in and around New Orleans , a city steeped and marinated in history . '' But after realizing that her whole book was written in the voice of a person is speed talking and mixing up subjects , I began to get annoyed . Even her chapter titles had subtitles that were off the point , like I went to a psychic , or ... baloney is just salami with an inferiority complex . Why could n't she just stay on one point longer than a few sentences ? I finally realized that her title really held true to her book . She said that she had a main point , but left it to discover another point , only to finally return to the original point at the very end . In my humble opinion , this book is 2 thumbs down ! I would feel guilty recommending it to my worst enemy . This book started off with my high hopes of a good read , but left me with a harsh disappointment . I had expected to learn more about the author , and to get insight into her life , instead , I learned how to get bogeymen out of my closet . Ellen should stick to stand-up comedy instead of attempting to write a book and wasting the time of her publishers and the readers .
 To me she 's a great comedian ... but to write a book and makes it funny is different . Several lines would have been funny if they were presented as a stand-up . I was going to give it 1 star , but considering throughout the book I got a few good laughs , and just smiling somewhere in between , I gave her 2 . The title could have been My Point ... And I do NOT Have One or My Point ... And I do Have NONE -LRB- I know it 's supposed to be funny in her original title , but it 's not for me -RRB- . Those chapters in the first half of the book are at least better than those in the second half . As the book moved on , I felt it got more and more dull . She was babbling too much , which was ok and very funny ... when she did stand-ups ; however , not in the book . Anyway I think she 's better off presenting her jokes as an actress or stand-up comedian , but not as a writer .
 I love her 30-minute show , love her talk show , and I got a kick out of her second book . This was the reason I went back to the first one . I am not impressed with this book at all . I did n't crack a smile the whole time and this whole book was a bunch of lies . Just lie after lie after lie . It 's funny when she picks fun at real situations -LRB- like gay marriage , having a cist , etc. -RRB- , but when she just flat out starts telling fairy tales and tall tales , it 's just like `` Um ... you coulda kept that . '' That 's how I felt about this whole book
 Ellen 's sit-com , which is shown on TV in Singapore , is quite a pleasure to watch . I bought the book on the blind faith that it would be just as funny as the sit-com . What a mistake ! I found perhaps a short paragraph that could pass off as being slightly funny every 15 to 20 pages . The rest was a pure torture to read . The title `` My Point - And I Do Have One '' is very misleading . It will be obvious to the reader that Ellen DOES NOT have a point , and that the entire book itself is pointless . Ellen would start off by narrating an event in her life that the reader tries hard to follow -LRB- in order to catch the joke -RRB- . A couple of pages later , Ellen would admit that whatever she had written earlier was either false , or a gross exaggeration . She will then repudiate what she wrote earlier and proceed to narrate a `` true '' version of that event . A few paragraphs or a page later , Ellen admits that even her second version was false , and proceed to tell a `` true '' third version of the story . At the end of the chapter , the reader learns that the event never happened at all , and that the different versions of the -LRB- imaginary -RRB- event were just ramblings . Is this supposed to be funny ? I think the only point Ellen was trying to make is that if you are a famous TV personality , you can write absolute trash and people will still buy your book .
 I love Ellen . Funny , funny woman.I HATED this book . B-O-R-I-N-G . I tried , but I just could not slog through it.I bought the e-book based on two POINTS of criteria
 ... there never was one ... and never will be ... the book is totally pointless ... I have deleted it from my Kindle
 After listening to Helen DeGeneres faked croc tears over her dog , she entered the ranks of the ` best forgotten ' .
 In a book of 60,000 words , I only found a couple hundred to be VERY funny .
 This was the worst book I 've ever read . Not only is it a near copy of her stand-up comedy , but she fills the book with excerpts of how difficult it is to write a book and ends by randomly naming things in the room she 's in . It was a sad disappoinment from one of my favorite comediennes and was not worth the two dollars I spent on it at a flea market .
 I think Ellen is a wonderful comedian and talk show host but , this book fell short of my expectations . It was more a collection of ramblings as opposed to a good read .
 Sorry folks , I could n't stand this book . I could n't get through it , had to stop reading it . It 's really terrible . It 's completely turned me off of even checking out anything she writes . Nevertheless , Ellen on TV is fine . She 's terrific . But this book is terrible .
 Big fan of Ellen show , found the book to be very disjointed and difficult to get into - I read for pleasure and sadly this was very hard work : - -LRB-
 This translation is the absolute worse translation you could buy ! Please do NOT buy it . It 's more of a salafi tafsir that the Salafi government of Saudi Arabia is trying to pass off as a translation of the Qur ` an itself . It may have a nice appearance and may even seem authentic at first because of the ahadith they cite to `` support '' their interpretation -LRB- mind you these ahadith are usually taken out of context -RRB- . However , I must warn you not to fall for this . All you have to do is compare this horrid translation to any other more reputable translation like Muhammad Asad 's or Yusef Ali 's and you will begin to see that the Noble Qur ` an is nothing more than a Salafi tafsir . It would n't be so bad if they just labeled it as a tafsir but they do n't . They want you to actually think that the tafsir is the actual translation . That their interpretation is actually what the Qur ` an says or means ! They take such liberty to give the impression that the Qur ` an hates Christians and Jews , thinks of women as filth , thinks that women should only have `` one eye '' exposed to see and other horrible things.Get a less controversial and more reputable translation like Muhammad Asad -LRB- which is awesome ! -RRB- . Asad actually tries to stays with what the Arabic says and lets you know clearly when he has interjected -LRB- which is n't often unlike the Noble Qur ` an -RRB- .
 This book makes `` Mein Kampf '' look like a Zionist manifesto . It is the most repulsive thing I have ever read .
 Something I think many have missed who have reviewed this Quran is that it uses accuracy to promote an inaccuracy . The inaccuracy is made invisible by a veneer of hadith . Even the notion of abrogation is problematic , a fact which should not go unnoticed.How and why its accuracy is inaccurate is because about 100 years ago the Ottoman Empire was overthrown by Western powers . What happened in the Middle Eastern countries was a power vacuum that undermined the mainstream ideologies . Because the West has a history -LRB- as does Islam towards the West , to be fair -RRB- of `` interfering '' with the Middle East , an incipient anti-Western ideology swelled to the forefront in what is called the Wahhabi movement.This Wahhabi movement was a largely puritanical and militant reformation and oversimplification of Islam couched in anti-Western sentiments . This is what has become modern Islam , and so the Quran under discussion is `` accurate '' in its portrayal of the Quran in this light , but inaccurate in its ability to accurately present the continuous stream of Islamic consciousness from its inception . It has the information , but not the ethos.Islam actually has a much more peaceful side which has been buried under deep resentments . Too many times in history have Christians , Jews , and Muslims gotten along peacefully side by side for someone to believe in a basic social incompatibility . Even the sack of Jerusalem by the Crusading Franks saw the indiscriminate killing of Jews and Orthodox Christians . In other words , the Christians and Jews of Jerusalem lived relatively peacefully together at that time . At times , Christians and Muslims have actually used the same building , though on different days , to worship.This Quran really misrepresents Islam in the most subtle way by using `` accurateness '' to paint a distorted picture . The Wahhabi movement has almost totally changed the ethos of the Islamic faith , and of course it tries to quote hadith to support its positions - every group does this , tying themselves to history to appear more legitimate.The idea of abrogation , also , is problematic . There are legitimate schools of interpretation that state that nothing present in the Quran is actually abrogated . Quite literally , if it were abrogated , it would not be there . It would have actually been removed , forgotten , or replaced ; not inserted or remaining like some curious sedimentary layer . The presence of `` contradictions '' which most claim abrogate other verses , are really places where a more nuanced view is required to contextualize the verses in question . Those who favor these `` abrogations '' are usually oversimplifying so as to press an agenda which , admittedly , the Quran can easily be made to seem to say.The destruction of the Ottoman Empire broke the continuity of spiritual leadership which had kept these tendencies in check . People may want to `` poo poo '' it , but the destruction of a thousand year empire of the stature and grandeur of the Ottoman Empire does something to profoundly effect a people . This should not be underestimated when trying to understand how modern Islamic `` authorities '' exegete their texts.To close , the text of the Noble Quran here , as a result of an incredibly complex history , expresses an oversimplified and incorrect view of the Quran . It is `` accurate '' in that it is the same words , and accurate in that it is how the majority of modern Islamic `` authorities '' interpret the text , but inaccurate in that it is from an ideology divorced from the actual stream of Islamic transmission broken after World War I . These authentic `` transmissions '' still exist , but they do not control the money or the power that backs the Wahhabi who prints these books and controls Medina through an implied force of arms . The Wahhabi are sincere , of course , but are simply in error in that they lack the fullness of their own faith . The power they gain and command through their vast fortunes make accountability to ancient Islamic orthodoxy problematic , to say the least.Ironically , it is many of the `` moderate '' Muslims living in the West who are the more authentic Muslim ideologues , and who in many cases escaped the Middle East so as to escape the ideological tyranny of the Wahhabi . This is why they are often able to be more accurate than their Middle Eastern brethren , yet appear to have capitulated to `` western '' values.Good sources for sound Muslim doctrine are al-Ghazzali , al-Qushayri , and al-Qadir al-Jilani . These men were able to communicate the fullness of their faith , and in such a way as to communicate the true ethos of authentic Islam . A sincere search of their doctrine will lead one to other sound Islamic teaching . Good luck . Allah Maak !
 This translation reads more like a supremacist Muslim , anti-Semitic , anti-Christian polemic than a rendition of the Islamic scripture and is exactly the wrong way to show the world that Islam IS a religion of peace and tolerance . The fact that it is the most widely distributed Qur ` an in most Islamic bookstores and Sunni mosques in the English-speaking world makes it even more problematic . The fact that it has received a seal of approval from both the University of Medina and the Saudi Dar al-Ifta -LRB- and freely distributed by the Saudi government -RRB- should tell anyone knowledgeable that it is a very biased politically motivated work.As an example , in the first sura -LRB- 1:7 -RRB- , verse which are universally accepted by the majority of Islamic scholars as , `` Guide us to the straight path , the path of those whom You have favored , not of those who have incurred Your wrath , nor of those who have gone astray '' become , `` Guide us to the Straight Way , the way of those on whom You have bestowed Your Grace , not -LRB- the way -RRB- of those who have earned Your anger -LRB- such as the Jews -RRB- , nor of those who went astray -LRB- such as the Christians -RRB- . '' Particularly egregious is that this is followed by a long footnote to justify its hate based on traditions from medieval texts.Another example of political bias is where other , unbiased translations of the Qur ` an report Moses 's address to the Israelites -LRB- 5:21 -RRB- as `` O my people ! Enter the Holy Land that God has assigned unto you , '' but this version twists the verse with modern politics , writing , `` O my people ! Enter the holy land -LRB- Palestine -RRB- . '' This is just one egregious example of political motivation among many that pollute the translation , marring what should be a reflection of timeless religion.These conclusions were reached while recently in a comparitive world religions class at university taught by a Muslim professor with a visiting Jewish professor . They recommended `` The Koran Interpreted '' by Arthur Arberry -LRB- the title of which reflects orthodox Muslim view that the Qur ` an can not be translated , but only interpreted -RRB- and `` The Message of the Qur ` an '' by Muhammad Asad as the best translations available in English .
 If you want a Salafi version of the Quran , this one is for you . I 'm amazed at the misrepresentations in the version . One would be far better of with Muhammad Asad 's version .
 1.0 out of 5 stars Misleading translations ! , October 7 , 2012By Jeff Siddiqui -LRB- Seattle WA USA -RRB- - See all my reviewsThis review is from
 Amazon folks , I was buying this book for a friend and I thought it was in Spanish . Got the product in english so it is of no value to me.regards , ted
 This was an okay book for short poems or excerpts . However , I would not recommend it for someone wanting longer readings for a wedding .
 The review for this book from `` a reader from Taiwan '' seems to have been copied from a review I wrote for a research journal , Annals of Tourism Research . Please note that the copier seems to have extracted my favorable remarks and ignored a number of defects identified in my review . The book is not worth 5 stars in my opinion .
 Doctor Who 's ninth season ends with an attempt to create a story similar to season eight 's ultimate story , ` The Daemons ' . Sadly , it failed on TV and it fails with this book.The Doctor , Jo and the UNIT regulars become involved in the new transportation system , TOMTIT , created by Professor Thascales . But little do they realise that the inventor is really the Master , and that to defeat his plans they will have to journey back to ancient Atlantis itself ... Many aspects of this story are lifted directly from ` The Daemons ' , but it remains a pale copy . At the very best , it might be seen as a fun romp for the UNIT family . While Terrance Dicks did a good job in adapting this story , it is such a weak basis to start from that he has no opportunity to make it into anything better .
 We borrowed this book-on-cd for our roadtrip to St. Louis . BAD IDEA . The story could n't be more clogged with terrible metaphors , lame cliches , weak characters , and stupid plot twists . I mean , a redhead with a bad reputation ? A pregnant woman getting hit by a limo ? A doting mother who insists `` Now , you eat your delicious cake ! '' ???? Save your money for something more worthwhile , like your HMO co-pay .
 This book does n't even deserve one star . I 've never been more disappponted than I am with Keeper of the Keys . I was bored from beginning to end . I do n't think I will ever buy another O'Shaughnessy book . It was so poorly written that it did n't even seem like it was written by the same author . Boy , have the O'Shaughnessy sisters ever lost their edge . They never should have strayed from O'Reilly . You should n't fix what ai n't broke . Now it 's very broke and there ai n't no way to fix it . What a waste of my time and money . UGH !
 I 've read several books by Perri O'Shaughnessy and found them to be reasonable entertaining but Keeper of the Keys was a very poor effort . I do n't just fault the authors , however . Where was the editor or publisher ? Did n't anyone read this book before it was printed ? I am not at all surprised by the negative comments regarding this book . What does amaze me , however , are the few individuals who thought it was good .
 This was my first time reading O'Shaughnessy and I was very disappointed . I love a good mystery but having a grown man use keys that he 's had all his life to enter various houses he lived in as a boy bordered on the absurd for me . I got through the first 150 pages and could not go any further . I 've heard really good things about the O'Shaugnessy novels and I could n't wait to finally read one but I 'm not sure I 'll ever pick-up another one .
 Keeper of the KeysIn their acknowledgements , the authors suggest that they are starting out on a new path . I hope that they will reconsider . This novel was nowhere near to the writing excellence of the Nina Reilly series . The characters ane for the most part unbelieveable and at the end the plot resolution made no sense . The `` stalker '' would have involved the ploice early on . Look again at how the Nina Reilly series develops plots and realistic characters and you will see that there is no comparison in the quality of the works .
 Ray is a big-headed borderline sociopath who 's chased off his selfish dull wife . Throughout the entire book , they both engage in an onslaught of reprehensible behavior and demonstrate histories of the same type of behavior . Somehow these jerks get the kind of happy ending that they certainly do n't deserve . Overall , this was a completely disatisfying read .
 Waste of time . This is a poorly written book with a ridiculous plot . It is disjointed and the dialogue drove me nuts .
 Perhaps I should have read the synopsis a bit closer , but after waiting several weeks to receive a much-anticipated new Perri O'Shaugnessy book , I was disappointed in the story . Being used to the tightly woven and fast-paced plots of the Nina Reilly tales , this story seemed loose-jointed and did not move forward at the same rate that I was turning pages . The author -LRB- s -RRB- spent more time describing parking problems in the Valley than character development . And the plot twists just did not seem to hold - there was a definite , and uncomfortable , blurring of the lines between antagonists and protagonists . I finished the book just to see if it would get better , and while there is a surprise ending , it just did not justify the rest of the story . Please , give me another Nina Reilly story and I 'll once again be in the front row of Perri O'Shaugnessy fans .
 I just forced myself to finish Keeper of the Keys . I kept thinking and hoping that it would eventually get better , more interesting and finally make some real sense . Did n't happen ... What a corny , confused , disjointed mess of a story . The entire plot was -LRB- thankfully -RRB- so unlike the other good novels the O'Shaughnessy gals have written . Rarely do I feel reading a book is totally a waste of time , but this is the exception . There was nothing to be gained or learned or enjoyed or appreciated by the reading of this novel . I do n't know why they chose this story line , but it was in my opinion a big mistake . It was not clearly thought out nor written in an intelligent , engaging way . It was boring , dull and unfortunately a waste of time .
 This is not one of the Nina Reilly series of books . I say that because when an author deviates from their stock characters , one never knows what the outcome will be . This is a fine book with a predictable storyline . The characters seem a little too shallow and self-absorbed for my taste , but as a nice comfy read it 's ok . There are no great surprises , nor thrilling episodes , just a quick and easy read.The premise that a crime may or may not have been committed falls short with no evidence nor forensics to tell either way . The shifting from locale to locale is confusing at times . I think the book would have been better if more time had been taken to give the characters a three dimensional aspect . They are a bit one sided and plastic.Coming to grips with one 's emotions and deciding what one wants to do about forgiveness and their future should have more depth .
 Did not care for this book since I felt that not only was it a slow moving book , but there were things brought into the book that did not have anything to do with the plot .
 I was not a fan of this novel . It got off to a bad start in the opening chapters because the main character is so unlikeable . From that point forward , I did n't care one way or the other what happened to him . Ray Jackson is a self-absorbed architect , whose wife Leigh leaves him after a fight . There is nothing redeemable about the character , and none of the other characters were well developed . The plot was silly . For some reason , the reader is supposed to believe that Ray kept keys from his childhood houses and is breaking into them to find out the secrets of his past . I suppose the author did n't consider that most people change the locks when they move into a house . And despite Ray 's wife cheating on him , everything is fine between them when they reunite . I would not recommend reading this book.Carl Alves - author of Two For Eternity
 I 've read all the books in the Nina Reilly series and they were really enjoyable but this stand alone attempt is pretty bad . The writing is long winded and convoluted , the story does not play out well and by the end you realize it does n't make a bit of sense . I truly hope they go back to the style of writing they are used to and get off this path quickly . This book was a real disappointment .
 I wo n't even go bore you with the storyline of this novel , because that might make it sound interesting and the absolute last thing I want to accomplish in this review it to give you any inclination to read this book . To put it eloquently , it sucked -- though not hard enough or long enough to be worth even a good laugh . Do n't waste your precious time on it . The whole thing is gratingly clich&eacute; . Plow as you will through the miry cast of annoyingly trite characters and mediocre prose in order to ultimately discover the big twist you are so obviously set up for , the big surprise will leave you so thoroughly unsatisfied you just might have to take a cold shower .
 I am a Perri O'Shaughnessy fan and eagerly look forward to each new book . However , I must say this book was a complete and total disappointment . The storyline is confusing and completely uninteresting . There is nothing about this story that keeps the reader 's attention . I am trying to finish this book but at page 230 , it 's so boring and dry , I do n't think I can keep going.I highly recommend the Nina Reilly series but unfortunately , this book is no where the calibur of writing exhibited in that series .
 I really like all of Perri O'Shaughnessy 's books . The Nina Reilly character is a really well fleshed-out character . Unfortunately , none of the characters in this book are ; whether it be Ray Jackson , his wife Leigh , or her childhood friend Kat . I started this book twice and finally muddled through it . It 's a horrible story , with a confusing plot and no real crime . I 'm thankful at least that I did n't spend any money on it and borrowed it instead from the Library . Skip this book and pick up any of the Nina Reilly series .
 I have every book that Perri O'Shaughnessy has written and have enjoyed them all -- until this one . Sorry ladies.I found this story too slow moving and weird . A man 's wife leaves him after an argument and is missing for several days . Instead of looking for her or enlisting the aid of the police , friends , and family , -LRB- he has strange priorites -RRB- he uses old keys -LRB- please people , if you buy a new house , get the locks changed -RRB- to break into houses where he use to live -- he is looking for clues to his past as his mother wo n't tell him anything about his deceased father and why they so often moved .
 I am a great fan of these writers . That alone is why I purchased this book , however , I hope this is n't the only new direction they are taking , if it is I am afraid they just lost a big fan . I am sure they want to write something different than Nina novels but if they do they need to write on at least the Nina level!Characters and storyline were dull , the best part was the area of the country the book centered on.I only completed the book because I bought it and felt I owed it to the ladies to see what else they write . I know they worked hard at it.I do look forward , as I always do , to the next book by P.O 'S . . However , if the preview does n't include Nina , the reading of 2 dull books in a row -LRB- including `` Sinister Shorts '' -RRB- will have seriously damped my interest in these writers .
 Unfortunately , not this author 's best effort . Muddled plot ; gave up two-thirds of the way into the book .
 I loved all of the books in the Nina Reilly series but this book was a huge disappointment . The premise is wierd to start with , and the characters so utterly boring that I found this book a chore to read . I wished that I had never bought this one !
 I have never written a review about a book before , but this one was so bad I felt compelled to help others avoid the mistake of buying it as I did ... too bad I did n't read the other reviews first myself.It seemed disjointed and repetitive -LRB- perhaps a problem with having two authors ?? -RRB- . There were lots of cliches and a lot of bad writing that sounded like a horny teenage boy came up with it . I like to be given a little credit as a reader , and not have the author repeat the same thing over and over again , as if I could n't pick up on it the first or second or third time . But I lost track of how many times the book mentioned the traffic in LA , or the burnt , ugly landscape . The characters were n't very interesting or likable , and I found myself not caring what happened to any of them.I had decided not to even finish it because it seemed like a waste of time , but I kept reading thinking it would get better , and I wanted to give the book a chance . I had guessed the ending long before I got to the last pages , and it seemed to be the culmination of a bad story that only got published because the authors had managed some halfway decent books in the past . This is the kind of book that makes me not want to read another mystery again . It was my first O'Shaughnessy book ... and my last .
 Badly written . One of the main themes seems to be complaining about LA traffic . I read the entire book because I wanted to know how it ended - huge bust ! Very unsatisfying !!
 Come on ladies , you can do better than this . It 's hard to enjoy a movie or TV program with holes in the plot , but a novel is even worse because you are n't facing a deadline of churning out a new script every week.Here are some of the problems
 This story moved at a snail 's pace . I admit that I hung on until the end because I wanted to see where this mystery led , but I found myself skipping over chunks of repetitive and self-indulgent angst masquerading as character development so I could get to the next actual piece of action . A wife disappears , her architect husband may have killed her , her former best friend wants to make up , and so joins the search for her , and everybody is keeping secrets . It sounded great on the cover . Unfortunately , the publisher neglected to divulge that this author spends a lot of time writing about what a crummy place Los Angeles is -LRB- why ? -RRB- instead of focusing on the story . Having read the other reviews of this book , the best I can say is that fans of O'Shaunessy 's work seem to agree that this just is n't one of her best stories .
 These two writers should not delve into other areas ; apparently they have Nina Reilly down pat and her stories are always good . This book does not seem to have been written by the sisters at all . I was very disappointed in the characters , especially the two sisters Kat and Jacki . Are these autobiographical ? Sorry , but I would not recommend .
 sorry , folks . after seeing all of these amazing reviews , i have to tip the scales . i 'm very interested in the tibetan afterdeath literature , and it delights me to see others diving into it so enthusiastically . however , any one interested in a translation of the bardo thodrol would do themselves a big favor to not buy this one . or any of the other half-dozen this evenz-wentz guy put out . the translation simply is n't accurate . i 'm not talking about subtle distinctions between word choices ; he has this whole theosophy slant which comes through in a bad way . nothing against theosophy , but it aint buddhism . what 's more , there are about four or five good translations out these days , done by folks with much more understanding and much less ulterior motive . -LRB- e.g. , thurman , trungpa/fremantle , i believe there are others . -RRB- i strongly recommend the `` book of the dead '' itself , just not this translation . it 's bad , i tell you ! bad ! -LRB- apologies -RRB-
 Evans-Wentz is to be honored as a pioneer scholar of Tibetan studies but he made some serious mistakes , including giving this book the misleading name Tibetan Book of the Dead based on the rage for the Egyptian Book of the Dead at the time . Read The Hidden History of the Tibetan Book of the Dead by Cuevas for more information . The truth is there are multiple Tibetan books and practices associated with these teachings . Do yourself a favor and explore more than this one .
 This review concerns the original 1936 edition and the revised 1974 edition which is slightly different from the original but basically tells the same story . Nancy meets a young Indian boy -LRB- named Coya in the original , Rishi in the revised -RRB- who lives with a circus . The boy is being mistreated by a man named Rai who claims to be the boy 's father , but Nancy doubts this claim . Nancy saves Rai from an elephant and to show his thanks he gives Nancy an ivory , elephant charm which he says can protect the wearer from harm . Coya/Rishi runs away from the circus and Rai and the Drews take him in . Later , Rai changes his mind and wants the charm back and he will do anything to get both the charm and Coya/Rishi . Also figuring into this `` mystery '' are a strange woman and a bizarre house out in the middle of the woods . The house , apparently , has no floor , but it does have a secret passage and a bunch of swings and trapezes hanging from the ceiling . This book was just plain awful !! The mystery , what there is of one , is stupid and boring . The house serves absolutely no purpose other than to use up pages and it makes no sense . Who would build a house like that out in the middle of nowhere ? The strange woman in the book is more annoying than anything and comes off as too scatterbrained and weak-minded to be the great criminal mastermind that the plot requires her to be . The book has little in the way of action or suspence . This book is just bad , bad , bad ! Take my advice and do n't read it .
 The book AOM
 I was sorely disappointed with this book . The premise is really interesting and in fact , the case studies are worth reading . However , Stiffler has basically quoted the works of others without giving any real insights to these studies . This book is not really meant for the average lay person , it uses very specific language of psychology which I imagine most people have not trained in . Being an academic myself , I do not have issue with this , but as an adoptee trying to find a concise analysis of coincidences in reunion , this book was sincerely disappointing . I do hope that Stiffler will reassemble the book for future readers .
 This book was recommended to me by some members of my adoptee/birthmother support group . I could not wait to receive it . When it arrived , I opened the package and immediately started to read it , or should I say TRY to read it . The book does not flow easily , it was a real challenge NOT to put it down . Aside from the `` true stories of synchronicity '' in the book , all there is to read is a jumble of information mostly from other sources and not the author . It was not put together in a manner that is either interesting or easy to read . I am truly sorry that I wasted my money on this book , since I am not even going to finish reading it .
 I was very disappointed with this book . Although it has good information , it is very poorly written and hard to follow .
 This book can be used as a reference if you are already know most of the material . But if you are trying to learn attitude control/determination with background from dynamic system then good luck . Book is full of conceptual thoughts with detail explanation where he arrives at equations . The book also lack real examples and problems are a bunch of derivations that can be easily found in other text . I have good background in aerospace dynamics and have worked in aircraft area . I would recommend Schaub , Junkin 's book as their explanations are more systematic and closer to the way aerospace community think including real world examples .
 If you like everything explained in metaphorical terms , this is the book for you ! The use of metaphors is so massive , so extensive , that one can loose the author 's train of thought . He also writes numerous ideas and then follows up with pronouns . We are left puzzled as to what specifically he is talking about . While I found the writing style tedious , the message that I was able to decipher is ok .
 To all physicians and nurses - stay clear of this book.No one wants to give any book a regretable one star but it is necessary in this case . Mosby 's Drug Guide has at least 2 errors and probably has more.Take for example the drug Trileptal . In the brand name section of this book it is spelled `` Trileptin '' . The only country that spells it this way is Israel.One other drug that is incorrectly spelled is Mysoline . They list it as `` Mysolin '' . Once again , the only country that spells it this way is Bulgaria.When speed counts in a medical emergency , please avoid this one at all costs .
 To those wishing to update an old version of their PDR , Mosby 's 2004 Drug Guide may be what you are looking for . All of the brand name drugs are listed in alphabetical order in the front section of the book . To the man who stated that Abilify and Strattera are not listed , I must say to him , `` Look again . `` I agree with the last reviewer that this book takes some getting used to since there are two sections in the front listing brand name drugs . Only the first section , up to page 88 need to be referenced . The following pages list only the brand name drugs in other countries.Most of us are conditioned to believe that foreigners can speak only their own language . Not true , since many medical professionals were students in the Western world.All in all , Mosby 's Drug Guide is an international reference guide for all persons in the medical field .
 Throughout life , one often confronts both happiness and disappointment . In Silvia Molina 's novel , The Love You Promised Me , the story revealed during the two-day trip taken by the main character , concentrates on the disappointing moments of life . The main character , Marcela , takes this trip to uncover her past by learning of her family genealogy . She also uses this time to reflect on an affair that has turned sour , during which the reader learns of her sadness and disappointment in life . Marcela , the wife of an incredibly successful , hard-working lawyer , Phillip , finds herself caught in an unsatisfying marriage . As often the case with the spouses of those holding a demanding position , Marcela feels neglected and often complains about the absence of her husband . Despite this fact , he remains a good husband and father to their children . As Marcela unfolds her life , the reader learns of an intimate affair with Eduardo , a well-known doctor . The two meet as Marcela 's mother undergoes treatment for her terminal illness . Marcela notes Eduardo 's compassion and concern for his patient and begins to care a great deal about him . Shortly after this , he reveals his love for her and the two begin intimate communications , first through a series of letters and later in person . However , the promising affair is short lived as Eduardo confesses he no longer feels for her , causing incredible heartache for Marcela . Amidst the telling of the lovers ' tale , Marcela does research into her ancestors ' lives . She finds that her past uncovers some unsettling family issues . Marcela is disgusted with her grandparents ' choice to abandon their son after his marriage with a person of another class . Anger at the hands of Marcela 's family , both in and out of the immediate , roams throughout the novel . The author deliberately puts a large focus on different angles of her family life that has upset her . The relationships with her family , and her opinion of the members of it , display Marcela 's inability to accept her past and present position in life . In fact , this causes her to take the trip in the first place , to resolve questions of her unknown relatives . The first and most immediate cause of unhappiness brought by family members , comes from her husband Rafael . Although an excellent provider and good father , Marcela is disappointed with the way that the marriage has turned out . She often feels alone , and wishes to have the companionship that marriage brings . Emotionally , her relationship with Rafael feels not existent because of his need to ensure the financial stability of the family and maintain the respect he has earned as a prominent lawyer of the area . Even though Marcela realizes the need for her husband to work so hard , she complains to herself and gives her an excuse to begin an affair with Eduardo . Another portion of family life that Marcela struggles to deal with comes directly from her father . After his death , she learns of another family he kept hidden from her . Marcela is angered , not only by her father 's unfaithfulness , but also by her mother 's decision to stay with him . The struggle is evident as she asks her dying mother whether she knew of her father 's affair . Aside from the actions of her father , treatment he received from his family disturbs Marcela as well . On her trip she learns of her father 's rejection by his own family after marrying a housemaid , a member of a lower class . Marcela views this family with disgust , eventually adding another factor to her depression . As the novel moves towards a conclusion , Marcela begins to realize the true causes of her unhappiness . Although she experiences a great deal of pain from the termination of her affair with Eduardo , Marcela learns that she must learn to accept her place in life and her family . This does not mean that she agrees with all the actions of her family , but she is willing to not let it affect her anymore . Therefore she can begin to put her life back in order and recover from the past that so strongly influences her while dealing with her marriage in a more positive manner
 This book reads like what it is -- a quick 300 pages cranked out by a Vegas journalist familiar with the subject , commissioned by a publisher with a rich history of wallowing in libel . The preface admits as much . The publisher proudly proclaims on the book jacket , `` Steve Wynn has already sued the author of this book and its publisher twice ... '' Indeed , the book leaves you wondering if getting sued by Steve Wynn was the whole point of this book , and is the only notoriety this tabloid volume would ever have received.The author does himself and the reader a great disservice with his vague source citations . The book lists a great many books , interviews , and court records , but unfortunately these sources are listed as a group at the end of the book and are n't footnoted throughout the text . This makes it impossible to discern the specific source for any of the claims in the book.Most disappointingly , the book fails to give a satisfying biography of its subject . Most of the more fascinating business maneuvers in Wynn 's career are sadly glossed over , leaving you with more questions than answers . How exactly did Wynn make so much money buying and selling a small lot on the corner of Caesar 's ? Exactly how did Wynn leverage control of the Golden Nugget ? This book wo n't really tell you . All too often you 'll have to be happy with the answer than Wynn `` knew somebody '' . I kept up hope for this book -LRB- having already read other damning customer reviews -RRB- , but ultimately I found this book disappointing . It seemed unnecessarily condemning of Wynn -- if he 's a crook , the facts should speak for themselves , and the author need n't pursue it so doggedly . This book seems only to prove that Wynn works in a business with a lot of shady peers , and that Wynn does n't seem to mind it . What a surprise .
 Be warned . If you 're looking for the exciting true story about how one man revitalized a city in decline and truly modernized Las Vegas through vision and guts -LRB- as I was -RRB- , you wo n't find it here.This is not a book about Steve Wynn transforming Las Vegas . This is a tabloid hit job written by a hostile author who has only one objective
 A recent pleasure trip to Las Vegas turned into a business adventure . A walk down the strip suddenly became a research project to analyze the ` Vegas Experience ' . In the midst of gathering artifacts , casual conversations with long-time locals -LRB- a construction traffic director and a security guard -- both over 15 year residents -RRB- revealed a theme central to their blue collar perspective of the city
 I have always had a fascination with Steve Wynn 's hotels and was looking to learn more about him when I came across this book . However , after reading Mr. Smith 's depictions of Steve Wynn , the only thing I know for sure is that Smith REALLY does n't like Steve Wynn . He criticized his every move , looking only at the negative `` hidden agendas '' associated with things such as the Mirage Dolphins and the Bellagio Art Gallery that the rest of the world is grateful that Steve Wynn brought to us . He repeatedly tries to link Wynn to the mob , but can never make a convincing arguement . He only briefly touches on the building of the hotels , their success , and fails to mention how the Mirage , Treasure Island , and the Bellagio were innovators in three different generations of Vegas theme hotels . Despite the books 2001 copyright date , is now about 9 years out of date . It pre-dates the MGM-Mirage merger , and even cites the Fremont Street Experience as being `` set to open in late 1995 . '' A postscript to the paperback edition attempts to bring it up to date , but it feels rushed , with misspelled words and inaccurate details.Smith seems to have about 100 pages of relevant information , and 254 pages of stories that are so loosely linked to Wynn that at times I forgot who I was reading about . Smith goes so far as to imply that the deterioration of the UNLV basketball program is due to Steve Wynn deciding that Jerry Tarkanian projected the wrong image for the university and that he had to go.In addition to the anti-Wynn take on every story , Smith illustrates some stories with details that are n't even accurate . He implies that opening the Bellagio was a huge risk because of the increased competition for the `` well-heeled gambler market '' with the opening of the Venetian , Paris and Mandalay Bay in the ensuing years since the Mirage opening , implying that the market Wynn was seeking was already captured by these hotels . This seems to be a viable argument , until you realize that those three hotels opened AFTER the Bellagio 's October 1998 opening.Smith 's writing is often biased . He frequently quotes his employer , the Las Vegas Review-Journal positively , and their rival newspaper , the Las Vegas Sun , negatively . Smith apparantly is not interested in providing an accurate portrayal of Wynn . Rather , he seems content try to pull every skeleton out of his closet , no matter how big of a stretch it is , to bring down Wynn 's image . No wonder Wynn did n't want this book published.If you are a Las Vegas history buff like me , there are a couple of interesting tidbits , but if you are looking for an accurate biography of Steve Wynn , this is not it .
 Having stayed at the Bellagio , I was intrigued to learn more about Steve Wynn and bought this book . Unfortunately , it is very poorly written , lacking organization , and even more lacking in factual citations.Granted Steve Wynn is not an angel . But I thought that the allegations in this book should be backed up by adequate citations.Finally , the book is so poorly written in terms of sentence structure that I just groaned every time I turned the page .
 I was hoping to learn a lot about the evolution of the Golden Nugget , the creation of the first megaresort in Vegas -LRB- the Mirage -RRB- , as well as Wynn 's super-gimmicky Treasure Island and how Bellagio took glitz to the highest level yet in Vegas . I instead read a mixed bunch of stories that seemed to have very little order . The book fails to follow any kind of progression , and is mostly about Wynn 's associates ' ties to organized crime . The Vegas casinos he built are only mentioned in passing , or when a controversy was involved.John L. Smith seems more intent on criticizing Wynn 's associations than actually telling the story of how he rebuilt Las Vegas . I came out of the book still wondering what he was thinking when Mirage opened , and how the public took to it.If you want a REAL biography by John L. Smith , I highly recommend `` No Limit '' , Smith 's story of Bob Stupak . I read this one after `` Running Scared '' and was left wondering why Smith did n't write a similar book on Wynn . So if you 're going to spend the money , buy the Stupak book-it 's more informative and much more entertaining .
 This book is misnamed ! It should have been called `` The Six Degrees of Steve Wynn '' after the game where you can connect anyone in Hollywood to anyone else in six steps . Smith tells a series of stories about colorful characters and then tries to tie these people to Wynn . I did n't believe it for a minute . Too bad , because the truth would probably have been more interesting than this hatchet job
 I have read the book several times and I have still yet to see any evidence of the treachery that took place or said there of to have taken place . The book introduces the world to a place of destination , that being of Las Vegas , for many americans who spend hard earned dollars there every year . I agree with other columns written . The man is demanding and quite curt with honest people whom he has developed far stretching relationships with and I feel that be trying to expose his wit through the loopholes that the babyboomer generation has setforth through government that logic is in line with my generation forthcoming , however , I think that a sense of jealousy and zealousness in pride on the behalf of the entities herein are just as Daffy Duck and his ity bitty committee II would say . I want a trade for this despicable draft . However , there is hope and definitely a market for your kind of material and that would be more with the likes of the generation behind my own . This definitely is the real first family ... . The baby boomer generation is just simply and plainly ashamed to admit it .
 I have read the book several times and I have still yet to see any evidence of the treachery that took place or said there of to have taken place . The book introduces the world to a place of destination , that being of Las Vegas , for many americans who spend hard earned dollars there every year . I agree with other columns written . The man is demanding and quite curt with honest people whom he has developed far stretching relationships with and I feel that be trying to expose his wit through the loopholes that the babyboomer generation has setforth through government that logic is in line with my generation forthcoming , however , I think that a sense of jealousy and zealousness in pride on the behalf of the entities herein are just as Daffy Duck and his ity bitty committee II would say . I want a trade for this despicable draft . However , there is hope and definitely a market for your kind of material and that would be more with the likes of the generation behind my own . This definitely is the real first family ... . The baby boomer generation is just simply and plainly ashamed to admit it .
 Mostly about the scams that have taken place in Las Vegas . Have not been able to finish it . I hate leaving books unread .
 If you 're looking for a biography-style book about S.Wynn 's road to being King of Las Vegas this really is n't it . I 'm about 120 pages into it now , and I 'm already flipping through to see if it is going to get any better . Here 's a little on the book : VERY detailed ! Assuming all is true in the book , you can tell there has been much research and hours of connecting people together in the stories in the book . Unfortunately , the book seems to be just that , many many small stories or bits of stories that rarely link together at once . The book really does n't have a good time line -- it 's all kinda scattered , and does n't read very well . The worst part about the book is for me it seems the author has an agenda to destroy the reputation of S.Wynn . Every opportunity is taken to say how Wynn was asscoiated with crooked and shady characters . So many of these characters one would never recognize , so there is much wrote about why these characters are shady people , so we all will know just how bad the company of Wynn was . There just seems to be nothing good written about Wynn in the book -LRB- so far -RRB- and that does n't seem to be changing . Maybe that 's just how it really is , I do n't know . There 's no wonder Steve Wynn sued these people for putting this book out . If you really want a copy , you can look for mine on ebay . This will be the first book I have n't finished in long time .
 Tabloid Trash . Lots of juicy supposition , innuendo and rumour with little substantiation . This book is one more piece of evidence of the schizophrenia of the American Dream
 Collection of conjecture that was at times painful to read . The recent Mirage annual report gives a better perspective of Wynn 's gaming empire and how it was built .
 Darn you Easterbrook!Darn you!You have written an awesome book , perhaps one of my favorites , but you did what you should not have done . You did what CS Lewis did in Mere Christianity by trying to offer a `` proof '' of God , and what David Shenk did in a book called Data Smog
 ... then Easterbrook is for you . This so-called `` writer '' and `` columnist '' is about as capable of informing the public as politicians are capable of telling the truth . Very little research , if any at all , is done on Mr. Easterbrook 's part in any facet of his work . To mask his apparent lack of credentials and knowledge in his subject areas , he 'll heap upon the reader inside jokes and pop culture references in order to make himself seem witty and urbane , but frequently falls on his face due to the transparency in his writing . Mr. Easterbrook , if you 're reading , let me put this in language you can easily understand . To quote Comic Book Guy
 If I had n't bought this book on line I might have read the blurbs on the back and noticed one of them was from George Will . He does n't care for analysis and questioning . In that case I 'd have been more wary of buying it.After reading the first chapter I can see that the book is a Neo-con 's dream . Easterbrook packs the first chapter with endless anecdotes bolstered by vague , and thus misleading , statistics . He then has the audcity to mention how easily statistics are twisted.His point , with which he bludgeons the reader , is that life is getting better and better for everyone . His examples are entirely US centered . At one point he takes a few shots at Europe as a means of glorifying America , and he mentions that Europeans are far better off today than were their parents . He neglects to mention that their parents had to rebuild from the rubble of WWII.The anecdotes he uses to show how much better off `` average '' Americans are include such things as private aircraft and vacation home ownership . Discussing the latter Easterbrook shows his true bias by suggesting that it is `` working class '' people creating havoc on the lakeside with their noisy motorized equipment to the chagrin of older -LRB- that is , wealthy -RRB- residents.Finally he lets loose a few pot shots at that old favorite bugaboo , the dreaded liberal , in the midst of blaming the vast discrepancy in wealth in the US on immigration.It 's extremely clear that Easterbrook is not out to explore a timely idea -LRB- the one implied by his title -RRB- with an open mind , but simply to preach and marshal support for the conclusions he 's already made . This is a classic Neo-con method . This is also the secret to their ability to make common cause with the religious right . Neither actually seeks to discover the truth , but only to bolster and fortify the conclusions they 've already decided upon .
 I could barely get through the first chapter of this tediously pedantic `` book '' . I still have no idea why I borrowed it . I have read Easterbrook 's `` column '' online at ESPN and he continually fails to impress - hack theories that he presents with no evidence and writing skills comparable to a 6 year old writing ransom notes . He often follows up his story -LRB- I hesitate to call it journalism though I think he thinks that what it is . -RRB- with a rating of his favorite cheerleader for that week . Am I expected to take him seriously with an attitude like that ? Well , thankfully I did not spend any money on this doorstop and , hopefully , I have prevented you from committing that sin as well.Oh , I had to give this a 1 star rating because the good folks at Amazon wo n't let me assign 0 stars or , even more correct , negative stars .
 Easterbrook knows as much about having a better life as he does about football . Not much . However the book is the perfect gift for insomniacs .
 If for some reason you decide to buy this book , do n't get rid of the box in which it arrived , you 'll likely want to send it back by about page 6 . Mr. Easterbrook sits on his high stool proclaiming his infinite knowledge and vast wisdom , assuming mindlessly that any of us want a part in it . His ego is so massive , and so holier than thou , that his points do not even come across . Yes his message is one of encouragement , but all hes doing is encouraging you to think he 's a god ! Terrible , just like his football columns !
 Complete waste of money the most pathetic book I have ever had the misfortune of reading . Please save your money and do not purchase this book
 I began this book with high hopes , having enjoyed similar books -LRB- such as Malcolm Gladwell 's `` The Tipping Point '' -RRB- tremendously . But after the first two chapters , it became increasingly apparent that what I 'd thought would be an objective consideration of middle-class discontent was simply an opportunity for Easterbrook to scold readers -LRB- and society at large -RRB- for their collective ability to stay on the sunny side.For an example of the logic you 'll encounter in the book , consider this gem
 I agree with the premises of this book
 Although I do agree with the main premise that the creation of needs infects at times even the most careful , and that this causes a large number of problems in our society , I find Easterbrook to be arrogant , short-sighted , and even abusive . I agree , for example , that cosmetic belly-button surgery -LRB- p. 121 -RRB- is not appropriate , especially not at $ 5000 -LRB- and considering the other possible uses of such money in this world -RRB- but it seems as if Easterbrook 's main goal is not to convince us to be reasonable in our needs and wants , but to enjoy making fun of people who , according to him , fail at this . He paints consumers of much more reasonable objects in the worst possible light , and seems to have fun doing it . For example , the title of the chapter in which he talks about the `` blurring of needs and wants '' -LRB- 136 -RRB- is called `` Portable Carpeted Dog Steps , '' not `` Cosmetic Belly Button Surgery . '' Portable carpeted dog steps are apparently the epitomic example of a ridiculously unnecessary excess of created need . `` Another catalog offered me , for $ 99.95 , a set of portable dog steps-small risers to be put next to the couch so that Fido can walk up onto the cushions , rather than exert himself by jumping '' -LRB- 135 -RRB- . I felt very upset when I read this . I do n't think that Easterbrook was even trying to be charitable , must less creative . Just because some people could buy it for the reasons he describes does n't mean that the product itself and the people buying it should be treated with such derision . There are little old dogs that are so weak and arthritic that they ca n't jump on the couch . They hobble over to the couch and look up at the cushions pathetically , thinking , `` that 's where I used to sit , but now I 'm down here all alone . '' The steps are n't about saving the lazy dog the effort of jumping , but rather are for dogs who ca n't jump and/or people who are too weak to pick them up . Deriding portable dog steps and -LRB- as a class -RRB- the people who use them is like saying , `` Gee , those wheel-chair lifts are a really stupid product . People do n't want to bother to exert themselves to go up the steps . Some busses that have lifts also have a special contraption to lower the steps at the front so the person getting on does n't have to bother to lift their feet a foot and a half from the pavement . '' No , actually , some people are n't that strong . Some people ca n't step a foot and a half in one step safely , and could fall under the bus.Easterbrook also vilifies all manner of `` storage gimmicks , '' which he thinks can be used only for making sure every available crevice of your house is `` crammed with stuff '' -LRB- 142 -RRB- . In response to an advertisement for a storage rack that is designed to sit on top of a TV he says , `` Presumably that way you could simultaneously look at television commercials and the available rack space atop the television and think how nice it would be to buy whatever was being promoted in the add and place the item onto the rack '' -LRB- 143 -RRB- . Very clever , Easterbrook . You are so clever that if you ever visit the home of anyone who does n't have their TV remote , DVDs , and DVD player -LRB- yes , we get to have a DVD player , according to Easterbrook -RRB- on the floor next to their TV instead of in some sort of storage gimmick , then you will know that you are better than them!Easterbrook 's rhetoric is primarily one of distain and scorn . `` Then there are products that represent answers to questions no one asked . One catalog that landed at my doorstep this year offered , for $ 89.99 , a gizmo that lets you know if you have an incoming voice call on a line being used to browse the Web . `` How many important calls do you miss while you 're surfing the Internet ? '' the blurb asked . None , probably , but since the device exists and can be acquired , some people will want it -LRB- 135 -RRB- . '' Actually , there are many circumstances where this would be an invaluable device . One child is researching a paper , and another child is out on a date with a person Dad is n't too sure about -LRB- or has really bad asthma , or is driving in the snow -RRB- . Do we want to prevent child # 2 from calling if there is an emergency , or forbid the date ? No . Do we want to prevent child # 1 from doing homework ? No . Not to mention the needs of businesses , or of someone who just plain loves her friends so much that she wants to be available to them . There are any number of possibilities . Just because Easterbrook would n't have any important calls does n't mean nobody does , and it certainly does n't mean that as a class people who buy this thing are so stupid as to get it just because somebody says they need it.This mean attitude permeates every chapter of the book , and destroys a few good points and a lot of already bad ones , like when he says that there is n't really anything wrong with the environment .
 The Progress Paradox starts off with an interesting review of why , despite things being better , people seem unhappy . It 's an interesting topic and the book raises some good points and observations.Having built a solid foundation demonstrating how well market economies have provided a higher standard of living and discussing the unexpected angst that has resulted , the book then veers off into a socialist agenda advocating class warfare against the rich , government control of markets , and massive government programs . All of this is hidden under a false flag of `` fairness '' improvements to the market system . While the early material in the book is well supported with studies and facts , the veiled political views are hyped with false analogies , hysterical language , hidden assumptions , and outright ignorance of basic economic principles.You could get the book and just throw it away after you 've read the first half , but picking up a copy of P J O'Rourkes `` Holidays in Hell '' will provide a better read and a lot more insight into how the world really works .
 Quite repetitive . After the first dozen pages or so I get the point . But his solutions to our malaise are a bit over the edge . He would like to see corporate executive remuneration be significantly less , he would like to see more forgiveness between people , and he would like gross environmental effects addressed . How much of that can the individuals who read his book address . Not very much , I 'm afraid . He did such a wonderful job with A MOMENT ON THE EARTH , and compared to that , this is such a disappointment .
 The fact that so many endorse `` The Progress Paradox '' is nothing short of tragic . I am disappointed that the best reviewers got as far into the book as they did without noticing that the author spun many of the statistics to prove his point . He downplays the reality of poverty with false statistics . Recalling from memory , very close to the beginning of the book , Easterbrook states that the elderly no longer have to worry about being cared for . Perhaps he should have read Susan Sheehan 's article in The New Yorker , `` Not Poor Enough '' which tells the true story about how the elderly are doing in this country . Has the author been to a state subsidized nursing home ? He also strolled right over the problem of poverty with a completely false statistic about the number of children in the U.S. living under the poverty line . The list goes on and on . I was so impressed with the number of fallacies used to make his argument I started highlighting . My copy looks like Key West Christmas tree . How did the manuscript ever make it past the editor?I think this book is written to help the 1 % at the top of the pyramid feel better about themselves . Let them eat cake ? Coincidently , the book was given to us by the wealthiest people we know who also happen to live in one of the premier independent living centers in the NE.This book should be read as an example of fallacy in argument , and nothing more .
 How many times can you misspell ` ASSHAT ' in one book . C'mon Gregggg , get a grip on reality . If you apply your theories evenhandedly then the football gods will be after YOU !
 This is a most misleading book . Contrary to what Easterbrook says , the economic state of middle America is not so rosy . Jobs are this country 's leading export . Wages relative to inflation are stagnant at best for most folks who are not in white collar occupations . Even for white collar workers , the economic climate is not so good.Essentially , Easterbrook 's book is a prosecutor 's brief on the side of raising taxes . He claims that even though most Americans are now better off than they ever have been , they are really miserable . Easterbrook claims that what 's needed is a big tax increase to fund the programs necessary to `` defeat global despair . `` What Easterbrook has done , in essence , is to bend the facts to fit his predetermined agenda of advocating a big tax increase to fuel a big spending program . More and more big government is what he 's really interested in , not in healing the wounds of the middle class .
 This book illustrates the sad fact of publishing today , namely that once an author gets established , he can get anything published . This book is very light on original thinking and useful analysis , and for most people is way off the mark because the author is not in touch with reality . The author clearly buys into the contemporary culture of compulsive consumption and supports suburban sprawl with its land use gluttony .
 I was reading through this book for a while at the bookstore while I was waiting for my wife to find some travel books.If you 're a fan of good writing , stay away from this one . Far away.The organization stinks , the style is very clumsy , and there are subtle contradictions all over the place . And the early chapters did not hold my interest.A weak publication .
 Read this book if you have NO HERITAGE and are DETERMINED to learn how to STEAL others ' . A guideline of sorts on how much easier it is to THEORIZE rather than reading up on centuries ' worth of FACTS . A shame of the literary community ... Then again ` authors ' like these come and go ... HISTORIC FACTS AND HISTORIC TRUTH SHINE THROUGH THE EONS
 i did n't like this book one bit . the auther should try reading a book called black spark white fire written by richard poe . richard poe is an outstanding author and wrote a masterpiece . Your book was just too weak and not strong enough to tell us your point of writing this book , Mr. george g.m. james !
 This book is terrible and is based on zero fact and offers zero hard evidence . First of , Egyptians are not and never were , black . They are and always have been a Mediterranean people and were always described as such , especially by Roman writers like Manilius . Herodotus never said the Egyptians were black like Ethiopians , he said the Egyptians were as dark as the Colchians , a race living in Caucasia . He used a Greek word that in that context meant `` dark '' not `` black '' as propagated by racist black Afrocentrists who feel their history gives them nothing to be proud of and thus feel the need to steal the history of the Egyptian and Greek and Hebrew peoples . That is the real `` stolen legacy '' . Besides , if Egyptians were black and weere supposedly lighter than Arabs then why did they always portray themselves as lighter than Nubians , why do Egyptian mummies have pure Caucasian characteristics and why do Egyptians have lighter skin and more Caucasian features than Gulf Arabs and Berbers ? A real appalling book , GReece and Egypt are two different Mediterranean civilizations that influenced each other , helped each other out , and embraced each other . Afrocentrism is a plague to science and it would do well to drop dead .
 Why are people so jealouse of the Greeks ?
 Think for a second about the culture of ancient Greece and the material things that came out of that culture . Now think about the culture of ancient Egypt and the material things that came out of that culture . Notice any similarities ? No ? Then how could the one culture be responsible for both of their philosophies ? Answer
 When I saw this book on Amazon I was surprised that I never heard of it . Now I know why . I have finished reading `` Stolen Legacy , '' I think the author had some screws loose to advance the cockamamy theory explained in this book.The thesis of Gregory James ' book is that the religious and philosophical legacy of the ancient Egyptians were actually stolen by the great Greek philosophers who took all the credit for themselves . James argues that all of the Greek philosophers traveled to , and were trained and schooled by the ancient Egyptian priests , and once returning to Greece they formulated their theories without crediting Egypt for their theories . James argues the Greeks could not have possibly originated the ideas for their philosophies themselves because the Greeks were either warring among themselves or fighting outside invaders and would not have time to formulate their philosophies.What hogwash!First , the Greek philosophers gave credit for the origins of their philosophy . Plato makes several references to the mysteries taught by the Egyptian priests , and in every instance opening acknowledged that he owed his debt to that country . He did so in Tamaeus , which James acknowledges.Second , internal or external strife does not prevent the propagation of philosophical thought . human beings are perfectly well adapted to do two things at once . The cultural and literary life of a country does not grind to a halt simply because it is at war or there is civil unrest . Prime example , the Stoics arose and flourished when the known world was going through great upheavals following the death of Alexander . So even though the Greeks were fighting the Persians and fighting amongst themselves , Plato had enough time to open his school and philosophize.Third , his argument is impossible to verify . He argues these philosophers were trained in the Egyptian mysteries . Students in these teachings were forbidden to reveal the content of those mysteries and the exact content of those teachings remain , well , ... . a mystery . James has nothing with which to compare what was `` stolen '' by the Greek philosophers on the one hand , and what were those teachings actually were ; it is impossible for use to determine how much was `` stolen . '' In other words , we can not tell what precisely the Greeks used and what was not used . According to James , all of the secrets of the mysteries were used by the Greeks . James does not have any inside information about the specific teachings of the ancient Egyptian priests . Another drawback of this book is that he is forever citing secondary and tertiary source about what the mysteries taught . Look , no one knows for sure because they were mysteries ! I suspect that some aspects of the philosophy were indeed used . Whenever there has been a cultural exchange of ideas , the fact remains that some aspects are used and others are not . This is completely natural.It is not that we have no idea the general features of the Egyptian mysteries . The Neoplatonist Iamblicus wrote a book concerning the Egyptian mysteries . It contains the only glimpse of what the teachings were like . What is revealed in h is book on the Egyptian mysteries bear very little resemblance to what actually exists of the writings of Plato , etc. . Also there is the hermetic traditions from Alexandria , summarized so brilliantly by the Emerald Tablet . The first thought was that these teachings were very ancient , revealing the actual Egyptian mysteries . A more accurate dating of this tradition is around 300 C.E. . It is generally accepted that the actual Egyptian teaching make a part of these writings . Still , accepting all this Plato 's philosophy bears little resemblance to a wholesale plagiarism of the Egyptian mysteries.Was there a wholesale stealing of the heritage , as James argues ? I think not . If that were the case , the philosophy of every Greek philosopher would be identical or substantially the same , and they were definitely not the same . There were marked differences between Plato and Aristotle , and among the pre-Socratics . If they all stole from the Egyptians they would all be saying the same thing.In order to make his theory convincing , James argues that all the major Greek philosophers traveled to Egypt , including Socrates and Aristotle . He readily admits that there is no historical proof that Socrates , Aristotle , and a majority of the pre-Socratics ever set foot in Egypt . Then James argues , in a conspiratorial-like manner , that they `` must '' have traveled to Egypt but that there was some reason why a historical record does not exist . ... Maybe because they never traveled to Egypt , you think?The topping on the cake is that James asserts that the world has not acknowledged the contribution Egypt because of race prejudice . This is really a cheap shot on James ' part , the only argument that can be made if there are no other arguments that work . Here , however , he against speaks with a hazy historical perspective . The ancient Egyptians were not black-skinned -- all the proof you need is to look at the pictographs from ancient Egypt itself . The only race which would come the closest to resembling African peoples would be the ancient Nubians . This is really a petty distinction and a stupid argument because I believe that the world gives as much recognition to the ancient Egyptians as they deserve ; they do not receive more recognition because much of their literature does not exist because of destruction due to wars and whatever . Well , there is no literature because it is all a conspiracy.All said this is not a serious book . He reads like a conspiracy writer , his history is weak and he jumps to too many conclusions -- the wrong conclusions , I 'm afraid . This book of fiction and not serious academic scholarship . It should be read for its entertainment value -- which is not much -- and not for any serious argument .
 If you are looking for a book that is a complete fairy tale and is NOT history , this is one of the best books on the market . In this book the author tries to prove that the entire civilization of ancient greece was really stolen from egypt by the greeks . He claims that egypt is the real birthplace of western civilization , and was falsely given to greece due to a worldwide conspiracy involving all of the world 's historians and archeologists over the centuries . Throughout the book he makes comments that are simply out of this world without any facts to back up his statements . He makes such wild claims as to saying that philosophy is not even a greek word . I hate to break the bad news to the author but I am fluent in greek , and philosophy is most definitely a greek word ! He even goes as far as saying that the entire greek language was stolen from egypt when in fact the two languages have absolutely nothing in common . Some of the wild claims concerning the greek temples such as the parthenon in athens and the oracle of delphi on being cheap egyptian copies leaves the reader wondering if the author is completely insane due to the fact that these type of monuments were never found in egypt . His statements concerning some greek literature achievements such as how could Aristotle have written over one thousand books , and really got them from Egypt after Alexander the Great 's invasion , is really quite silly . First , it is well known that his books were written by his thousands of students that he taught over his entire teaching career . Second , no similar documents were ever found by archeologists in the egyptian hieroglyphic language . Third , the author failed to provide an explanation for the famous literary works such as those of the trojan war , which were written many centuries before the time period involved . If the author really believes that the greeks were so ignorant as portrayed in his book , I would like him to explain to me why the greeks did not get conquered by the persians who were the world superpower at that time that succeeded in conquering every other civilization including his super advanced egypt ! I will not even go into details on the dozens of inconsistencies that can be found thoughout this book . What is really sad is the fact that this book can be somewhat convincing to anyone who knows little about ancient history and may consider it authentic . Anyone else who is well versed in the history of greece and egypt would agree with me that this book does not belong at the top a book shelf in a bookstore , but rather at the bottom of a trash can . If you think that my opinion is extremely biased because I am greek , I urge you to read it and see for yourself that as a history book this has to be one of the craziest books ever written !
 I know this work is very flawed from the several times I tried to real it and found it difficult to real and just inaccurate . What you you recommend reading is order to learn more of our african legacy ?
 this book has been cited as a prime example of afrocentric scholarship -LRB- a term with very different meanings for the two sharply divided sides in the culture wars -RRB- . as such it is worth our reflection . what 's at stake here is the source of our culture ; `` our '' because what is traditionally called the western heritage , in science , art , philosophy , politics , etc. , is now conquering the entire world peacefully and successfully . both sides of this debate over afrocentrism seem to think that this is a good thing , that , for instance , modern science is wonderful . but who can claim the credit for this culture that we have inherited ? power is at stake here , for whoever can claim the origin of our culture on his or her side shall be empowered , or so many believe . The detailed arguments aside -LRB- for this is a case in which arguments , however extensive they may be , may only be convincing to those making them -RRB- , two points are worth our consideration . first , there is a lack of critical reflection on our present cultue -- are science and democracy accepted as faith , taken for granted ? second , there is a lack of critical reflection on the self -- how much of us is defined by our culture , and how much of that culture , in turn , is defined by its origin ? what is the source of power ? in order to give appropriate consideration to the arguments themselves , it is above all necessary to consider the nature of knowledge and of scientific inquiry , so that we can shift the debate away from narcissism and towards critical inquiry . as to the arguments at hand here , i would suggest a few practical points . for instance , the author of this book claims that aristotle `` stole '' his ideas from the thinkers of an older culture , namely the egyptians . so all this time the man who is , in dante 's phrase , the master of those who know , is merely a dishonest student who concealed his debt to his teachers . now it is clear that these so-called teachers of aristotle did not leave their writings to us ; thus our greek man is our only link to great `` black '' philosophy . it then follows that we should study aristotle with more eagerness . why afrocentrists do not advocate the study of the greek philosophers is a fact beyond my comprehension . in all cases , it is not necessary to prove them wrong , for history is often an impossible dispute ; when the consequences of their arguments are pointed out , however , i am not sure that they would stick with their original contentions .
 This is a book written from a black man who lived in a very racially discriminating environment during the `` 20s in the american south . He was a very bitter individual who suffered a life of depression and humiliation . Therefore , being semi-educated and with a faint dose of knowledge in classics , he desided one day to sit down and spill his heart out by writting a book that in his mind would start a controversy by denying historical facts , internationaly recognized and accepted . His thesis is that Egyptians were the sole propertiors of all the Hellenic culture as we know it . Needeless to mention that for so long , the audience has done this poor black guy a favour and have actually took him seriously and made comments and wrote books that try to contradict his claims claims . Unfortrunately i will not do the same . This book is not literature . It is a cacophony from an aggrovated , confused and disillusionate bitter man . Believe it or not , we Greeks know our history . It is this history that has kept us a nation for thousands of years ; we do n't need a black man from georgia to teach us our heritage . Meanwhile , I am sad for all the black men of this earth who will seek refuge for their pride and heritage in the writtings of this bitter individual . Sorry guys , Egyptians were not solely a black people . Try somewhere else . For the sake of the review though I will bring you a small example of the writtings
 is a tale of the money i had stolen from me that i spent to read this crazy black propaganda . i 'm american -LRB- of mexican extraction , but i would never call myself mexican-american ... i 'm proud to be just american -RRB- , so keep your hate away from me you psycho history-rewriters . this book is true insanity , and you are either insane or insanely stupid if you think it has any merit.or if you believe in this book , wait until my book comes out
 The writers of this `` book '' should study a little history ... and oh , yes , Egyptians were NOT Black Africans ... that is just plain STUPID!The Ancient Wisdom is a body of pure knowledge of God and creation that has existed for millenniums . It has been in existence since time began , long before the appearance of any of today 's major religions.Alexander the Great and his `` descendents '' the Ptolemy dynasty were Greeks but like Cleopatra VII Philopator who spoke Egyptian and was a priestess of Philae -LRB- Pilak in Egyptian -RRB- . They -LRB- Greeks -RRB- have ruled Egypt for 200 hundred years !! From the time of In 332 BC Alexander III of Macedon conquered Egypt with little resistance from the Persians to the death of Cleopatra . The early Ptolemies did not disturb the religion or the customs of the Egyptians , and indeed built magnificent new temples for the Egyptian gods and soon adopted the outward display of the Pharaohs of old . Ptolemy I , perhaps with advice from Demetrius of Phalerum , founded the Museum and Library of Alexandria The Museum was a research centre supported by the king . It was located in the royal sector of the city . The scholars were housed in the same sector and funded by the Ptolemaic rulers . They had access to the Library . The chief librarian served also as the crown prince 's tutor . For the first hundred and fifty years of its existence this library and research centre drew the top Greek scholars This was a key academic , literary and scientific centre.Essentially the Greek and Egyptians have had and studied the same Ancient Wisdom philosophy . Pythagoras had traveled to India and Egypt too and he too was attacked that his work was his and he had stolen the `` Ancient Wisdom '' from India as THEY somehow had the `` property rights '' to that body of knowledge ! The Ancient Wisdom is the birthright of ALL PEOPLE !
 I read this book because of the debate with lefotwitz mentioned this book in here book . During this time I was really not that educated with the culture and history of the ancient egyptains.Most Americans really have no ideal what ancient egypt truly was except for a few specials on the discovery channel and some books written on the subject by biased egyptologist.I read the book with an open mind , because believe it or notmuch of history has been rather distored by 19th century egoism of europeans seeking to prove the dynamic race and try their hardest to not admit the ancient egyptains were africans , and if they were africans they were not black in their views . Pusedo anthropology has for eons held these beliefs about ancient egypt and many people still honestly believe this to be the case.White supremist have web sites dedicated to proving egyptains were white people , and while mainstream archeology and egyptology does not even use modern day egyptains to play the role of egyptain people , which is a disgrace.The greeks however were influenced by the ancient kemetians , and I would not go so far as to say aristotle stole his wroks fromthe library of alexzandria , but there was definatley a type of intellectual sharing in ancient kmt between the greeks and kemetians.Greeks even admitted in many of their books that ancient egyptains taught them much . Pythagoras , thales , anaxgoras , and many others went to egypt and learned from the egyptains . The solid concrete evidence is that many yers before the so called pythgoras theroem the ancient egyptains knew it on the rhind papyrus . Thales the person who was half phonecian came up wioth the first scienitifc princicples came to egypt and learned from the egyptains.Leftowitz who has attacked this book might be right onb many accounts , but she does not explain how european scholars have worked around many ways to rewrite history themselves . Socrates probally never went to egypt , nor did plato untill it was alexzandria , but you can cleary see that plato had a great admiration for egypt , and their customs . In laws plato calls greeks pigs and talks about how egyptain children learn their alphabet through a game.What many people do n't realize is it is true the ancient egyptains were amung the first philsophers , and did leave with them a philsophical tradition . The instructions of ptahhotepis amun the oldest books in the world . scholars have chosen to label these as quote wisdom texts and ignore the fact that they contain ethnics of how to live in scoeity alomost 4,000 years before the greeks existed.So read the book with an open mind , and yes there are blunders that james makes , likethe aristotle part .
 I read this book and thought some of the thoughts in it was thought provoking , but at times the book was shallow . I know the racial identification in America among scholars has been very racist in the past . There are people before George james that sugested the egyptains came from sub saharan african , probally somali.Punt , was the name of anicent somali and it is offened refered to as the land of the ancestors . I recommed everybody reading this book , please pick up a book by ea wallis budge . I would also like to mention that many greek writers mostly wrote about nubians . One of the greatest heroes in the trojan war was an ethiopian by the name of memnon . Greeks probally was not racist and neither was the egyptains . The egyptains bitterly hated the asiatics hitties and nubians . nARMER THE ONE WHO FOUNDED THE PRE DYNASTIC ERA CAME FROM THE SOUTH . I have been to egypt and seen many shades of colors there . If you go to the villages around abydos you will see darker people than in the northern area . I am proud of my lineage to , and i happen to be a white man . You also check out richard poe 's book . THe other crucial point is there is pyramids in greece , and even pyramids in rome . The people of the ancient world if they was around today would be ashamed on how they are deplicted . Located in today 's southern Egypt and northern Sudan was most probably the oldest cultural complex in Africa . Known as Nubia , `` The Land of Gold , '' to Egypt , the people of this land first called their civilization Ta-Seti , `` Land of the Bow . '' Named so for its famous archers , Ta-Seti was a land of natural wealth , of gold mines , ebony , ivory and incense which she traded heavily with her neighbors.CHRONOLOGY OF NUBIA 3800-3100BC Ta-Seti 2300-1550BC Wawat 2000-1550BC Kerma 1950-1100BC Under Egyptian Rule 747-200BC Naptan Kush -LRB- Nubian rule of Egypt -RRB- 200BC-300AD Meroitic Nubia 350-300AD The Noubadian Kingdom550-1400AD Christian NubiaI . REEVALUTATING KUSH Nubia is probably one of the most underreported cultural complexes of antiquity . In the ongoing attempt to minimize the African involvement in such regions , even the inhabitants of Nubia sometimes fall prey to the Mediterranen Race Myth . -LRB- See Egypt page for more on Hamitic Hypothesis -RRB- . When this is not the case , Nubia is minimized within the Nile Valley as a purely Egyptian cultural invention . This has been the case so much so that some researchers have come to call Nubia , `` the other Nile Valley kingdom . '' Often the myth portrays Egyptians as `` superior whites '' ruling over the more `` primitive Blacks '' to the south . In reality however , while Nubia and Egypt did war with each other , there were more years of peace than battle . These conflicts were usually territorial or economic and never racially motivated as certain Egyptians and Nubians obviously shared similar physical features . The victors were more often the larger kingdom of the Egyptians but sometimes the Nubians as well . A closer look at Nubia reveals startling information . Below are some revelations which have come from reevaluating Kush.Egypt 's Dynastic rulership may have originated in Ta-Seti , thus signaling the first such form of government known to mankind . The idea of a pharaoh -LRB- king -RRB- may have come down the Nile from Nubia to Egypt -LRB- and -RRB- that would make Nubian civilization the ancestor of Egypt 's ... Dr. Bruce Williams , ArchaeologistEgypt referred to its southern regions as Upper Egypt denoting its affinity with Kush . The Southern Kingdom , Upper Egypt , was clearly conceived as the dominant of the two regions . It was from the south that the most enduring influences in Egyptian society came and without doubt most of its greatest leaders were southerners too . Through her long history Egypt constantly needed to return to the south to refresh herself and to restore her institutions , even perhaps her soul , when the weight of years or of external pressures laid too heavily upon her . Micheal Rice , HistorianEgypt was believed to have been a colony of Kush in antiquity . They -LRB- the Ethiopians -RRB- say also that the Egyptians are colonists sent out by the Ethiopians , Osiris having been the leader of the colony ... And the larger part of the customs of the Egyptians are , they hold , Ethiopian ... Diodorus Siculus , Ancient Greek Historian If anyone wants to talk seriously about ancient kmt with out race or politics and talk about kmt as the egyptains saw themselves please email me . I am a white man with an interest in African culture . You would be shocked to know that there is african scholars and i can name a few , such as Zera Yacub < ethiopian philosopher > Al-Jahiz < african slave turned scholar in the abbasaid dynasty in iraq > THomas fuller < african slave brought to america that was a human calculator > Ahmed baba < wrote over 1500 books in timbooktu > Hypotia < egyptain mathematician during the ptolomey era > I have a few more , but they slip my mind . rahuubaat
 If you are looking for a book about what is NOT fact , this is is one of the best books you can find.The author sets out to prove that most of what we know as ancient Greek philosophy instead from Egyptian thought and culture.To justify this he discredits almost all available literary and archaeological sources by invoking a fantastic conspiracy theory whose existence would have required a tacit understanding between hundreds of scholars in dozens of countries throughout thousands of years.Moreover , the book is littered with inconsistencies.For example , given the author 's claim that ancient Greek philosophy was stolen from Egypt , and since a great deal of ancient Greek philosophy deals with the question of how best to live in or govern a POLIS -LRB- city-state -RRB- one is left wondering what reason the Egyptians -LRB- who lived in a monarchy -RRB- could possibly have for tackling such issues.All in all , the author 's theories are so far-fetched that the book becomes pure fiction.Indeed , as a work of fiction it might be considered good , but as a work on history it is not worth the paper it is written on . Some of you may think I 'm prejudiced . -LRB- possibly because I 'm from Greece -RRB- If that is the case , please buy this book and laugh for yourselves .
 This book is nothing but a racially motivated monstrocity in the school of the Nazist distortions of history -LRB- ie that Dorians were Germanic Aryan extraction , et cetera -RRB- . George James is such a blatant ignoramus as to assert that Philosophy is not a Greek word ! In fact , he goes as far as to suggest that correct Indoeuropean usage would be the English - lov - prefix , which in fact , has , quite simply , never been used in the Greek language 's history ! And he even presumes to say that this word -- philo -- was rarely ever found -LRB- ! -RRB- in the Greek language , when in fact , it has been used for thousands of years with the exact meaning of love ! The truth is that - philo - used as the DEFINITIVE verb meaning `` to love '' , and also having many derivatories like philos -LRB- = friend -RRB- has been one of the most widely used words in the Greek language , and has remained so for over 3000 years of linguistic evolution . Philo is the first synthetic to tens of hundreds of Greek words , used , for example in philokalia -LRB- love for beauty which is kallos in Greek -RRB- , philokerdeia -LRB- love for profit , which is kerdos in Greek -RRB- , philomatheia -LRB- love for learning , which is matheisis/gnosis in Greek -RRB- , philoxenia -LRB- love for strangers , who are xeni in Greek , aka hospitality -RRB- , philopatria -LRB- love for patris , which is Greek for homeland , aka patriotism -RRB- , philalitheia -LRB- love for the truth-alitheia in Greek , aka veraciousness -RRB- , philanthropia -LRB- love for fellow humans -- anthropoi in Greek - , aka humanitarianism -RRB- , philargyria -LRB- lust for money -- argyria in Greek , which btw is the authentic characterism for Judas in the New Testament -- originally written in Greek -RRB- ... And these words are only a minor fraction of the ancient Greek words made with the * Greek * prefix of -- philo -- -LRB- to love -RRB- , which is a word not used in any other ancient language , except in isolated words the other languages later borrowed from Greek , like philosophy , globally being acknowledged as the universally assigned word for pondering . Literally thousands of widely used ancient Greek words are made with the prefix of philo , meaning to love , and yet this racist claims that it is not a Greek word ! Not only is -- philo -- a Greek word meaning -- to love -- , but philo is THE DEFINITIVE Greek word meaning to love -LRB- with the only one exception of romantic love , where `` eros '' is used instead -RRB- . The same applies to the word of -- sophia -- -LRB- = wisdom -RRB- , which , again , has been erroneously -LRB- yet on purpose -RRB- reported by the writer as not being Greek , because it allegedly `` has no indoeuropean roots '' -LRB- sic -RRB- . But what does the writer mean when he says `` Indoeuropean roots '' ? Does he mean the archetypal common Indoeuropean language , which was never to be found in the areas it evolved ? But , since it was never found , how can he make the comparison ? Does he , at least , make any -LRB- still meaningless -RRB- comparisons with * all * other indoeuropean languages ? No . He reaches this biased conclusion -LRB- if conclusion it be considered -RRB- simply by comparing with ONE of the indoeuropean languages , English , and its definition for -- sophia -- which is wisdom . Not-so-brilliant thinking . Should we , in the same logic , consider every Greek , or Indian , or Persian , or Italian and generally Indoeuropean word not coinciding with its English counterpart , as being something else than Greek/Indian/Persian / Italian and , generally , Indoeuropean ? The stupidity of such a thought , is , in my humble opinion , self evident . Not to mention the fact that -- sophia -- , like -- philo -- is found in hundreds of thousands of texts in the long history of the Greek language , along with many other Greek words deriving from it . Names like that of the Byzantine temple of Agia Sophia -LRB- God 's wisdom -RRB- , and words like dokisisophia -LRB- coming from dokisi = to believe , and sophia = wisdom , and meaning to believe that you are a sophos = wise man -RRB- , or philosophia -LRB- love for wisdom -RRB- , sophisteia -LRB- = sophistry , no explanation needed here , I think -RRB- , or dousins of other words ending in -- sophia -- , which I can not include in this review since my space on the page is running out . If you want a good laugh at infantile misuse of linguistics -LRB- for purposes of distortion of the truth , no less -RRB- buy this , or one of the other `` Afrocentrists '' books -LRB- Bernal and Diop are a good laugh , too -RRB- . Otherwise , history and true linguistics ' study would seem a very attractive -LRB- and useful -RRB- alternative . Vale !
 A work of unbelievable naivety , devoid of any credible academic standards . Derivative of a nineteenth century sub-culture based around mystical appropriations from masonic , Rosicrucianist and Theosophist sources , James has written a very bad book which has never been taken seriously by learned people.The errors in the book are just unbelievable . For instance , James claims -LRB- pp. 125-130 -RRB- that Aristotle `` stole '' the great library of Alexandria . Hello ! The library was founded * after * his death , as ANY first-year classicist knows . This is just but one example of a book filled with grave flaws and basic errors . I am surprised by the passion that it has evidently raised on these pages , as the book is looked upon as an amusing joke in academia - certainly nothing to get excited about and most definitely nothing to take seriously as a historical work !
 Words can not describe how disgusted I am by this book . It takes everything we know to be fact and spits and tramples all over it.This book is the exact equivalent of the same kind of garbage that was spewed by 19th century racist `` scholars '' like Houston Stewart Chamberlain , Oswald Mosley , and John Burgess . Just as they argued for white supremacy , so too does George James argue for the opposite . Nothing ever changes it seems ; millions of people have to suffer and die because of racist ideologies , and yet people never truly learn the dangers of such a sickening worldview.First of all , I 'm not against people re-analyzing history . All historians will often look back at their work , or the work of someone else which may have become antiquated over the years . New ancient works may be discovered which challenge the viewpoints which we may have held as fact for decades . This is good . It allows us to get a more accurate view of the ancient world so as to learn from it . This is different from revisionist history , where the thesis is largely debated among historians . Unfortunately , and it 's sad to say , this book does n't even qualify under revisionist history ; it 's full of malignant lies . For those who have n't read it , here 's a summary : James argues that Egyptian civilization was black . Fair enough ; if that 's his argument , he must have proof , right ? Well , not quite . DNA testing which has recently been done on mummified corpses -LRB- by scientists from ALL races , mind you -RRB- shows that they contained traces of Nordic , Semitic , and Persian , among many others . This was seen for both the Pharaohs and the lower class corpses . By my calculation , this means two things ; either A -RRB- There is a worldwide conspiracy among all scientists involved to hide their true findings and simply make stuff up in order to fill their own agenda , or , more likely , B -RRB- James has n't a clue what he 's talking about . According to James , everyone in Egypt was black ... except for the hundreds of people whose DNA indicates they were not . But hey , I guess it 's possible for two entirely black people to have a Semitic/Persian/Nordic child.It gets worse . Did you know that the Greeks were simply crooks who stole all of their ideas from the Egyptians ? That 's right , the Greeks did n't invent anything , it was all stolen ! James has proof too
 It is clear from the first page of this book that the author is out to prove something that did n't exist . Mr. James is not a classicist or a philosopher -LRB- he does n't even know the origin of the word Philosophia , which he says is Egyptian instead of Greek ! -RRB- and he ca n't bring something new to the discipline , so he set down to write a fictional account about the Greeks stealing Egyptian philosophy . It would be dumb for anyone not to think that the Greeks were somehow influenced by the Egyptians -LRB- and the Egyptians , of course , were influenced by the Sumerians -RRB- in the archaic art and architecture , but the Egyptians offered nothing to the Greeks in the field of philosophy . The Egyptians were emersed in mysticism and religion , not in scientific inquiery . If the Egyptians were supposedly so smart and philosophic , why did n't they write down their ideas ? Answer
 Hotep , I first read this book when I was 11 or 12 and I really liked it then . Unfortunately , this book is hideously flawed with regard to accuracy . As I grew older and increased my personal knowledge of Kemet/Egypt the inadequacy of this work became ridiculously obvious . James ' representations of Kemetic thought are completely erroneous . That being said , I do not side with James ' other critics on this page . I appreciate what he attempted to do for African people and I understand the brutality of the environment in which he operated . I honor him as an Ancestor . At the same time I am not pleased when I see people -LRB- particularly Black people -RRB- using this inaccurate work in their attempts to combat the well armed and well entrenched Eurocentrists and Neo-Eurocentrists . Neo-Eurocentrists and Eurocentrists find this book incredibly useful to their cause . Stolen Legacy is used to dismiss a diverse Afrocentric movement as a bunch of dreamers , demagouges , and ill prepared romantics . Another note
 This book is utter nonsense . Its writer does n't know the slightest thing about Greece or Egypt . For example he says that the existence of a god-sun called Aten -LRB- and sometimes Atum -RRB- in Egyptian mythology is proof that Egyptians established the theory of atoms !!! In fact , the Egyptian Aten sun-god was replaced by the sun-god Amon-Re long , very long before Democritus presented the atom theory , which has no relation whatsoever to Egyptian mythology . Atom is a Greek word , coming from the Greek `` a '' prefix -LRB- = non/no -RRB- and the Greek word `` tomo '' -LRB- = incision -RRB- -LRB- which the neutral for `` tomi '' , btw -RRB- . Thus , atom = the -LRB- smallest existing -RRB- particle that can not be further intersected , exactly what the atom theory maintained . Of course , this book is a flood of inconsistencies , fabrications , lies and hatred propaganda . It has been mentioned a thousand times before , but I feel obligated to mention myself that Alexandria 's library was built many years * after * Aristoteles ' death , and yet the writer proclaims Aristotelean philosophy is the result of Aristoteles going to Alexandria 's library and copying its books !!! In fact Alexandria 's library was itself Greek , founded by the Greek Macedonian leader of Egypt , Ptolemy the 1st , as any historian scientist/researcher will verify . Here is what the Grolier Encyclopedia mentions about it
 I think there is little doubt among Egyptologists and students of Ancient Greek thought that Egypt heavily influenced the Ancient Greek paradigm and may have influenced the conception of certain Greek deities , particularly Athena . The Immortal Principle , for example , very well may have originated in Akhenaten 's attempt at monotheism before the Greek dark ages . However , the argument is very poorly constructed and largely unsubstantiated . There are very clear divergences in Egyptian and Greek thought , as well as many progressions in Greek Philosophy which can not possibly be attributed to Egypt except by the most dillusional and tenuous thinkers.People who are interested in truly scholarly work on the afro-asiatic roots of Greek thought should check out The Black Athena and Isis in the Ancient World . Although both have been questioned , especially The Black Athena , they are certainly more substantiated than this book , in which the authors prance around like elephants in a china closet trying to interpret history to suit their own liking . Cool for the lightweights , but if you want the real I suggest you turn to the aforementioned titles .
 The main idea of this book is that the ancient Greeks were thieves
 This book did not get published . This author ca n't be trusted . The book is based on appalling inaccuracies.Alexander the Great galloping into Alexandria & plundering the royal library ? Really?Alexander FOUNDED the city of Alexandria . He & his men built the city from the dirt up . Ptolemy -LRB- a general in Alexander 's army who later became the Pharoah of Egypt -RRB- created the royal library after Alexander 's death . Aristotle had nothing to do with it.No doubt Persia , Egypt & Greece / Macedonia had much intermingling of myth , religion & philosophy . That 's obvious ! However , an examination into the way these cultures influenced one another needs to be found in another book by another writer . Since this guy clearly does not know what he 's talking about .
 I do not understand why some north-american people are deeply connected to the color of the skin -- as a big issue . It seams like they see everything in the world according to the color of the sky . How can that be possible ? That spirituality has to do with the color of the skin ? Why this people do not move on ? Why they do not release the past ? Are they understanding what the spirit 's world really is ?
 ... if not , do that . Then think for yourself - like , where are all the stadiums and the theaters of Egypt ? Or the pyramids of Greece ?
 As a long time researcher of Masonic history it is clear where this work `` stole '' it 's bad ideas -- they are ultimately derived from Terrason 's _ Life of Sethos _ -LRB- although Jame 's probably did NOT go back this far , his sources are some fictional Masonic works like _ The Ancient Mysteries and Modern Masonry _ -RRB- . If you can get a copy of `` Sethos '' read the 1732 english edition -LRB- otherwise you 'll have to read it in French -RRB- . It is clearly fictional and largely an artifact of the post-Napoleonic Egyptian craze . Of course this was long before hieroglyphics were even translated . Anyone , even knowing a basic history of the ancient world , would have to be insane to take this seriously . It is completely transparent today as simple racism and a desperate need for self-esteem -- at the expense of others . Thus the only thing `` classic '' about this is it is a classic document of pseudohistory and African-American racism .
 George G.M. Jones knows not a thing about real history . Claiming that the Great Library of Alexandria is where Aristotle took his knowledge is ludacris because the library was built by Ptolemy II . The Ptolemic line was the successor line in Egypt . Alexander , himself was crowned pharaoh by the people because they saw him as a liberator of Egypt . The priests of Egypt viewed him as the son of Zeus . These priests were of the god Ammon who were told at his oracle . The Egyptian Mysterey System was a creation of white men and is a proven hoax . The first Greek philosophers most likely had some knowledge of Babylonian and Egyptian thought they added reasoning , something none existant in Egyptian or Babylonian thought . Even saying that ancient Egyptians were all black is wrong , as the people of Egyptian constituted a mixture of races . They were black and white . They were in fact Semites , like the Jews and Arabs , people who are Caucasian . Skin color alone does not tell a man 's race . An Indian from India is in reality Caucasian , making him closer to Europeans than the Japanese or Chinese . Even most the languages of India and Iran are Indo-European , while the Basque live in France and Spain but speak a language isolate . If the Greeks stole anything from anyone it was the Phoneicians and their alphabet , something that is the ancestor to the Greek , Latin , Etruscan , Cyrillic , Hebrew , and Arabic alphabets . The name Kemet was a reference to the black soil of Egypt . Today it is called Misr anyways .
 It is important in the study of philosophy to understand that it does not matter where and idea comes from but where that idea leads you . If `` Greek '' philosophy is in fact an Egyptian contribution to the world then their reward is met in the countless millions since who have embraced the truths and methods of it.This book is , while its goal is certainly admirable , is too militant in its presentation for anyone to take it seriously . It seems to be forotten , especially in the Introduction , that there have been enumerable conributions made by the African continent , especially to the Catholic Church in the figures of St. Jerome , St. Augustine and St. Athanasius . In fact it could easily be said that the contributions they made changed the face of Roman Catholicism . But again , they realized that there was a truth and reality that was above race and status , in fact , above everything else.If you will , this is also the realization of the Egyptian schools and the Greeks . The fact that the Egyptian schools remained mostly silent to history points to this . As the Greeks did not attribute the source of this knowledge properly was yet another example of the message taking precedence over the messenger . It was only because of the campaigns of Alexander that spread the Hellenistic tradition leaving the African in the mist of history . Further , if it were not for Alexander we may not have the luxury of even Greek philosophy . Lastly , there is no evidence whatever of ANY Egyptian philosophy . Considering their ambition in building and recording their achievements , it is curious there is no philosophy in any archeological records - no painting , no papyri , no wall carving , nothing ... I emphazise that this book is far too militant in it approach to be taken seriously and the arguements , while factually sound perhaps , is not presented in a easily accessible fashion which leads me to believe that the intended audience is a very small audience indeed . History and Philosophy tell us that it is not important who started philosophy but rather it is important , simply , that we have it at all . For true philosophy is not so petty as to desire proper attribution . This book may have been better received if it was delivered , as all scholarly works should , with a sense of awe and amazement .
 This book has been thoroughly debunked by an actual academic , Mary Lefkowitz in her book Not Out Of Africa - How `` Afrocentrism '' Became An Excuse To Teach Myth As History -LRB- A New Republic book -RRB- -LSB- Paperback
 Amazing nonsense ! One of the author 's central premises is that Aristotle raided the Library of Alexandria yet it was n't built until ten years after he died . Even if he had done , all the books in the Library at Alexandria were in Greek , not Egyptian , anyway!Prof . P. C. Patton , Ph.D.Ancient Near Eastern History
 This book has no other purpose than to belittle and slander the magnificent Ancient Greeks , and steal the Greeks ' astonishing cultural achievements in order to claim them for the Egyptians , who , according to the writer , were black !!! First of all , the ancient Egyptians have no relation whatsoever to sub-Saharan blacks -- this is proven by historical facts and records , as well as the science of ethnology . Second , there has never been anything such as `` Egyptian philosophy '' . Egyptians did not philosophize . There is no Egyptian hieroglyph text -LRB- not even a single paragraph -RRB- containing philosophy , and no reference to any Egyptian philosophy by anyone , Greek or Roman , Phoenician or Hebrew , Persian or Mede . -LRB- The library of Alexandria , by the way , was made by the Greek ruler of Egypt , Ptolemy the First , and its purpose was studying the Greek classic philosophers more than anything else . And it was made after Aristoteles ' death , thus Aristoteles could not have gone there and copied/looted the library , as the writer supports . Also , there were other big libraries in other parts of the world , many of them having been found , so if ancient Egyptian philosophy existed , I assure you it would have been found in the library of Pergamus or Nineveh for example , or any of the ancient world 's big libraries . As for the writer 's claims that Greeks stole their language from Egyptians , or that the Greek architecture is a cheap copy of Egyptian , one would have to be ignorant to even take them seriously . Compare the two languages -LRB- Greek and Egyptian -RRB- , and you 'll see they are as disrelated to each other as Spanish -LRB- my mother language , btw -RRB- to Chinese , as any first-year liguistics student will confirm . Parenthesis
 This book is full of ridiculously intense hate propaganda against the ancient Greeks . It misrepresents the most obvious facts and serves no other purpose than to slander Ancient Greek philosophy in favour of an immensely fanatic attribution of all the Western World 's great cultural achievements to the African continent . The writer 's fanaticism becomes painfully -LRB- if not ridiculously -RRB- obvious when he maintains that Aristoteles has stolen his ideas from the Alexandria library , which , in fact , was founded after Aristoteles ' death .
 I have read the book in question as well as all of the submitted reviews . I can tell you , with 100 % honesty and conviction , that this book is nothing but meritless trash that has received some notice because it deals with a controversial issue . In my estimation , the motive for all scholarship should be to find , analyze , and discuss the truth of a particular subject . This book , on the other hand , appears to have been written solely in an attempt to raise the self-esteem of alienated blacks , and to launch a racially motivated smear campaign against the ancient Greeks . I can only speculate that anger and unfounded feelings of inadequacy culminated in the release of such a book . This book smacks of ideology , and it 's arguments are not substantiated by anything that even remotely approximates fact or evidence of same . Due to the fact that the achievements of the Ancient Greeks can not be refuted , a select group of black `` intellectuals '' have set out to steal them , and claim them as their own . We are living in a time in which racial tension and frustration are running high , and as a result of this fact , books such as the one in question have been allowed to go largely unopposed . The actual truth , however , is that this author is trying to rewrite historynot by substituting fact for fiction , but by substituing fiction for fact .
 This book is terrible . It tells you how to do the easy things , but nothing more . For harder things , it constantly tells you what is possible to do , but not how to actually do it . I would definately pick up a copy of `` Advanced Renderman '' or `` The Renderman Companion '' instead of this book ! If you have any graphics programming experience , this book will not help you .
 This book should have never been published in suchhaste . The author lightly grazes on important topics , offering just tidbits but nothing significant . Very few peopleuse the C API , I do n't see any point in wasting space on this.The images are terrible , lack detail , hard-to-follow and most are in black and white . The ` Suggested Activities ' , ` Summary'and ` Related Commands ' sections at the end of each chapter are a joke and are merely page fillers . Surprising that Springer-Verlag would let such a low quality publication slip through .
 The illustrations are beautiful , and I like the St. James version , but the paper is thin and book is not as sturdy as I would have liked . Would be good for everyday use and then replaced when worn out . Not one I would keep as a family `` treasure '' .
 I bought this book thinking it would serve as a good primary reference for a foundational essay on human resource development that I wrote as part of my pre-candidacy doctoral essays this fall , but it was terrible for my purposes . The authors do not offer sufficient , concrete examples of the practical application of HRD in the workplace and are very wishy-washy in their presentation of the material . Consequently , the first draft of my essay wound up being as scant as the information in this book . Even the history of HRD seems ambiguous and up in the air the way Swanson and Holton tell it . Their contributors -LRB- e.g. , Ruona , Watkins -RRB- are n't much help . There is no sense of practicality or grounding in the material these researchers offer at all , just a lot of theoretical back-and-forth . I 'm an MBA seeking practical examples that compliment theory in order to help HR professionals apply them to the workplace someday , and this book was very little help . In order to strengthen my essay and my concept of HRD as well as its function , I had to buy `` Principles of Human Resource Development -LRB- Second Edition -RRB- '' by Jerry W. Gilley , Steven A. Eggland , and Ann Maycunich Gilley , which I highly recommend to anyone who really wants a good understand of HRD and how it 's applied to the organization . This book became my primary reference and it was perfect . I also bought several books by Dave Ulrich at my professor 's suggestion to offer practical examples that build on HR theory , and these books were a great complement . To get a better sense of HRD 's history , I recommend Marvin Weisbord 's `` Productive Workplaces Revisited , '' which primarily focuses on OD , but gives an excellent overview of how these human resource management theories originated at the turn of the 20th century and not in a cave at the dawn of humankind the way Swanson and Holton propose .
 I sought out this book having been provided a recommendation to read it . I was pleased to find it for the Kindle ; BUT this particular version is n't very useful . There are several problems with it .1 -RRB- There are quite a few type-O 's . Appears that the document was scanned and never proof read .2 -RRB- There are words dropped from the text too .3 -RRB- While the author has meticulously footnoted his script , there are no hyper links attached in this electronic version so it makes the footnotes much less useful.Of the three problems noted above I find number 3 the most disadvantageous . A text of this nature requires review of the footnotes at the precise instant one comes to it . Having to page forward to locate it and then try to return to the previous stopping point is too tedious a process . Hyper links are necessary if this is to be use as an actual study tool.That said , the information contained herein is valuable and worth study . While it is only 99 cents , Save the money and put it toward a paper copy . Maybe sometime down the road someone will produce a proper electronic version . Then it would be worth paying a reasonable fee to receive it .
 By all means avoid the 2009 U. of Michigan edition of this indispensable book . It is a Google digital facsimile . Most pages are merely ugly , but perhaps fifty are so smudged , as if someone had dragged an inked rag across them , as to be completely illegible . I had to return my copy . Make sure to get the book produced by Oxford University Press .
 I 'm a huge Reginald Hill fan , but this early book was nearly unreadable ; it was just silly and over the top . I struggled to finish it and then wondered why I 'd bothered . The Dalgliesh/Pascoe books are infinitely better , so do n't waste your time with this one .
 This book has way too many nasty murders to be believable . It did strike me after awhile that maybe Dan Brown read this book at some point and it planted a seed in his head for the DaVinci Code and the concept of secret societies with long histories . It 's a pretty old book , and he might have run across it . If you 're really into Reginald Hill , reading one of his early novels could be OK . It 's pretty well written , but the story is too involved , too vicious , and requires too great a suspension of disbelief . The Dalziel & Pascoe books are generally much better than this.I 've bought several Felony & Mayhem books by now , and I must say , none of them has been that good . Maybe F&M ; acquires early or less successful titles at less expensive rates . I plan to be more cautious about buying from their list in the future . They seem to republish a lot of old mysteries , so if you 're a student of the genre , some of the oldies are entertaining , but many of the F&M ; titles show that they have n't aged well .
 I was very disappointed with this book . All of the other ASP books by WROX are excellent , so I felt safe in buying this work , assuming it would be excellent as well . Unfortunately , I was wrong . The main problem is the layout . Most programmer references are laid out in a dictionary style format . ASP 2.0 Programmer 's Reference in laid out in chapters instead , making it difficult to find code snippets . To do so , one must search through the Index . For example
 This book is clear and straightforward . Unfortunately , you wo n't learn much from it , for the examples are very simple and it never goes very deep inside programming . This definitely is a book for managers who want to get the feeling about a technology without having to write any code .
 The sheet music I received was not the sheet music in the picture . The underline beneath the low voice denotes that it is a low voice version , so I assumed the idem I was getting was the low voice version . When it arrived I was surprised to see the version that was sent was the high voice version , which i cant sing . The picture posted is wrong and misleading and should be changed if the seller truly intends to only sell the high voice version .
 some data base project with the of data base projects
 This is one of my favorite books but once again very disappointed with the Kindle version . Very poor job scanning and optimizing pictures . Any beginner photoshop student could have done a better job .
 This is a cute story with great characters and drawings but it 's way too short of a story.I would not have bought it if I had realized that it 's only a couple of pages long .
 I wanted to enjoy this book very much but flung it away about 50 pages in.Smith knows nothing about which he writes in this book , neither boats , nor men , nor guns , nor the sea . His writing is bluff . Good , slick bluff , but bluff nevertheless.When the hero uses 29 rounds of automatic .223 to kill a man an arm 's length away in his own boat when one round would have done he shows his ignorance.When the crooks try to kill the hero while the boat drifts just off dangerous coral reefs you see he knows nothing of either boats or the sea.When the hero , bathed by a cute young nurse sister , got what he describes as a monumental erection and she could n't resist the temptation not to `` waste it , '' you see he knows nothing about people.The question is
 Recipe : Take Hemingways `` Islands in the stream `` Pepper liberally with voyeuristic daydreams about what it might be like to be character in your own bookFry in the African Coast rather than Cubareflect in il-deserved gloryTake credit for someone elses workNot the best Wilbur Smith book I 've read , but not surprising as its been cribbed from one of Hemingways that could only be described as `` not one of his best '' only managing a posthumous release
 I am a big Wilbur Smith fan having read many of his novels . But this one is not up to his normal standard . It was full of adventure but very very gorey and bloody . Much too much graphic violence for me . It is a story set around finding sunken treasure . Being a scuba diver , I thought it would be a fun read . But the scuba detail is very inaccurate . References to the bends and dangerous animal encounters that really do n't happen that way . Plus the kindle conversion was full of bad text with many I 's as 1 and some other words wrong made it distracting to read on Kindle . Skip this one .
 I thought it was a bland tasteless book with no debth . The only part I enjoyed was the crazy mother . Other than that it was not as good as many people think .
 I expected it to be oooh so evil and scary , but I read it late at night and I did n't feel any chill at all . It was n't what I expected it to be . I expected it to be so evil that I could n't go to sleep at night and would have images in my head , but no ... I found it quite funny .
 I thought that this book was totally dumb from beginning to end . It had absolutely no plot whatsoever . The movie was way better than the book . It was about this girl named Carrie -LRB- of course -RRB- who was tormented by all of her classmates . Eventually when you get farther into the story you and her discover that she has these powers called telekinisis . Towards the middle of the story a popular guy named Tommy Ross asks her out to the prom . So when they get there people are staring at them . They win high school king and queen and when they get up on the stage , what happens is unbelieveable . I do n't recommend this book to anyone . ...
 No one said Stephen King is a literary writer , andthis novel , like all his others , proves that pointaptly .
 I hated this book!It was fine at the begining but it got really boring around the middle ... I think if Carrie 's mother was n't so religous , then Carrie would have turned out alright.But why did Stephen King stop half way through the book and start telling us about what people did to her when we already know ...
 Not as good as anticipated . The book was hard to get into . For the most part , it reads like a text book , with news articles that completely take you out of the story . There are too many of them and they interrupt the flow of the story , making it a real chore to read . The first scene is great , a classic scene , actually , but once it 's over you are bombarded with the news articles . If I wanted to read so many news articles , I 'd pick up the newspaper and have at it . I do n't , that 's why I picked up this novel . King uses the articles to tell the story instead of a normal narrative , sacrificing an enjoyable read.To put it bluntly , there are better Stephen King novels out there . I do n't recommend newbs starting with this one . King had a great premise here but it was n't executed well at all . A real shame , too . Anyone interested in this story might do well watching the movie instead , which was undoubtedly better .
 I expected to get some chills , but this book never took off with any action . The blood/fire pieces played more like foot notes then anything chilling . The newspaper snips , and excerpts from the `` books '' detracted from the flow of the story . I was bored and could n't wait for the book to end . This is the rare case where the movie was better than the book .
 I am not a big fan of Stephen King books , although I have only read three of this books . The first one I read was `` Carrie '' . I saw the film , loved it , so gave the novel a try . I must say it ` s difficult to get imagery from this book , and I did not find King ` s use of words powerful or frightening at all . They were too raw and unpleasantly accurate to intrigue me . But what really aggravated me about `` Carrie '' is the way King constructed newspaper articles , obituaries , and interviews into the story . It totally weakened the plot , and it sort of got confusing at times . Brian De Palma ` s classic film adaptation , I feel , is a lot better . The plot was produced with more focus on adolescence , and the severe emotions the main characters felt . There also a lot more powerful and unexpected moments . Strangely , De Palma ` s version of the prom scene is a a lot more chilling and electrifying than the book ` s. I actually found the novel ` s depiction of the climax rather funny . In all , if you ` re looking for a compelling , terrifying horror story , do n`t read `` Carrie '' , it wo n`t do anything for you .
 Spooky chick has freaky mom . Spooky chick gets dissed in school . Spooky chick studies the occult . Spooky chick gets awesome powers . Spooky chick gets bucket of pig 's blood dumped on her head . Spooky chick fights back -- even from the grave . Very spooky . Boo !
 Written well but the story 's just as bad as the movie . So if you liked the movie read it .
 I picked up this book , after reading Cujo , Christine , and 4 past midnight . However , this wasnt at all what i was expectingAlot of people have already said that it 's more of a coming of age story . Well , the story was okay , but the writing was n't very good , unlke his other books . This one kept going back and forth , between reports , people , and narratives . As well as confusing , it was boring.I personally dont like non-fiction writing , but alot of this was written as if it was.I would recomend it to anyone who enjoys the nonfiction style but also enjoys the supernatural .
 I 'm a HUGE King fan , so of course I had to read his first published novel . Unfortunately , about halfway though , I began simply trudging through just for the sake of being able to say I read it.The book is full of excerpts from newspapers etc. detailing the incident at the end , and none of these work to build any suspense or even interest in the coming event . They are dull and repetitive and I began to dread finding one as I went along.The story is told in a somewhat jumbled and uninteresting fashion , and the worst of all is the complete lack of likable characters.All of the school kids are shallow and uninteresting , and Carrie White is just as shallow and uninteresting . Carrie White does nothing to make me like her as a character . I found her bitter , awkward , and just as rude and hateful as the school kids . She elicits no sympathy from me.All in all , the story is bland , unremarkable , poorly constructed , and dull dull dull to the very end.I 'm glad that he published this book , only for the fact that it gave him the career that paved the way for him to publish his many other novels , which I adore.But I understand why he originally pitched the manuscript into the trash .
 This novel could 've been great . Its ` star ' is a teenage girl -LRB- Carrie White -RRB- whose problems dwarf those of most high-schoolers . She had no chance at a stable life . Her mother is a religious nut . She has to wear homemade clothes to school , although that may not have been so bad in the post-hippie 1970s . The climax of her torture , however , is a doozy , and after reading it , you 'll surely be ashamed for thinking how rough you had it as a teenager . It 's bad enough to have your first period in the girl 's showers , at the age of sixteen , without knowing what 's happening to your body . Carrie is terrified of bleeding to death , and that 's when the other girls decide to take a cue from Lord of the Flies and throw tampons at her , leaving her feeling so damaged and threatened that a telekinesis is awakened within her . This power feeds off the resentment that her tormentors cause , leading to a well-deserved and rewarding retaliation from dear Carrie . As you can see , the story itself is appropriately satisfying and tragic . Several of its premises could have inspired parables of their own . With all this potential for greatness , what went so wrong with this book?The biggest tragedy of Carrie is not the fate of its characters , but its inescapable status as Stephen King 's first published novel . I feel sorry for all his works , of course , because each one shows glimmers of hope within the junkyards of words that Mr. King apparently feels no need to edit . He seems to be in love with every turn of phrase he can think of , unable to part with a single one . Carrie was n't the first novel he wrote , but it was one of the first , and can you think of a worse existence than that of a novel being written by the inexperienced Stephen King ? I ca n't say he 's gotten much better over the years , but his endlessly annoying use of nonsense words like ` ohuh ' -LRB- as if anyone has actually said that , ever -RRB- should have been a clue to King and his wife to leave this one in the trash.If you have n't read Stephen King but want to , do n't start with this book . In fact , you do n't ever need to read it . It 'll just make you think less of him . Start with ` Salem 's Lot , or with any of his other books , as long as you avoid this one .
 This book is one endless , feverish , terrifying nightmare . The fact that there are no chapters makes it seem even worse.It starts out incredibly gory with a detailed description of Carrie White 's first menstrual period , which occured later in her teenage years in front of all her female gym classmates.There are no comfortable moments in this book -- it 's all pure awfulness ... Except for a brief section right at the start of prom night when Carrie talks to another girl about her dress . The author seems to be good at giving us a character that could actually escape from the terror around her and then crushing every hope of that happening . Many paragraphs from books about the horror of Carrie White 's prom night are stuck in the middle of everything , telling us something very bad is going to happen at the end -- which is probably the only reason , really , to keep reading . You want to find out what happens . Unfortunately , though , the foreshadowing excerpts pop up everywhere and get very , very dull.The book centres around the life of misunderstood teenager Carrie , who is the victim of her violent , dominating mother who is obsessed with the Bible in all sorts of bizarre , horrible ways ... And the mother is probably the most disturbing character I 've ever read about . Ever.This book is hard to read , partly because it is so much a never-ending nightmare and partly because it gives you a weird kind of hope for Carrie even if you know things wo n't work out . Carrie develops telekenetic powers and then most of the characters die ... Which is no huge surprise , because we 're told from the start of the death on prom night.Poor Carrie . The book is also hard to read because , although it is fiction , you think that if only Carrie 's mother was n't so evil and controlling , she could have had a normal life . Plus the gore is disgusting .
 I finished this book in just over 2 hours . The characters were undeveloped and the plot mediocre . It was my first Stephen King book , but I gave him another chance on The Shining . This book literally nearly bored me to sleep ...
 The story is good but the style of writing he used is boring . I loved the movie version of Carrie but the book really is n't like any other King work I 've ever read . He has definately improved since this earily work !!
 I thought that this book was totally dumb from beginning to end . It had absolutely no plot whatsoever . The movie was way better than the book . It was about this girl named Carrie -LRB- of course -RRB- who was tormented by all of her classmates . Eventually when you get farther into the story you and her discover that she has these powers called telekinisis . Towards the middle of the story a popular guy named Tommy Ross asks her out to the prom . So when they get there people are staring at them . They win high school king and queen and when they get up on the stage , what happens is unbelieveable . I do n't recommend this book to anyone . EVER !
 At its heart , this novel is a cautionary tale about the evil that can arise when a person is maltreated by society . Carrie 's deadly powers are first manifested in this novel while she is being bullied by her classmates in the school showers , and it is the nastiness of her peers that leads to so much destruction in the end . Other themes in the novel include adolescent sexuality , religious fanaticism , and the aforementioned highschool bullying . There is plenty of emotional depth , pathos , and supernatural thrills to make Carrie a potentially GREAT book!So why the harsh 2-star rating?well , for some reason this very short novel -LRB- by King 's standards -RRB- felt like a much longer read than it should have been . King chose to intersperse passages of news print , critical articles , legal extracts , and autobiographies into the main narration of the novel , which interrupted the flow of the story . For the first three quarters of the novel this intertextuality was a mild irritation , but then as the plot approached its climax King began to stuff more and more different extracts into the narrative , which made the pace unbearably slow -LRB- when really it should have been speeding up -RRB- . i felt like i had to read through about 8 different accounts of the same event and it became very tedious ! King might have been trying to make the story more `` believable '' by including all those extracts , but instead it produced the opposite effect!Well , now I 'm feeling a bit guilty about criticising a great writer 's first novel , albeit one produced several decades ago . This obviously isnt King at the height of his powers . Its just a bit sad that the flawed structure of the story spoiled what could have been a 4-star , or maybe even a 5-star book . I 'd only recommend this for aspiring writers who want to learn about some mistakes that should be avoided , or obsessed fans who feel like they need to read everything that King ever wrote . For everyone else , you might like to check out Salem 's Lot or Misery -LRB- these are my personal fav 's -RRB- .
 I am not a big fan of Stephen King books , although I have only read three of this books . The first one I read was `` Carrie '' . I saw the film , loved it , so gave the novel a try . I must say it ` s difficult to get imagery from this book , and I did not find King ` s use of words powerful or frightening at all . They were too raw and unpleasantly accurate to intrigue me . But what really aggravated me about `` Carrie '' is the way King constructed newspaper articles , obituaries , and interviews into the story . It totally weakened the plot , and it sort of got confusing at times . Brian De Palma ` s classic film adaptation , I feel , is a lot better . The plot was produced with more focus on adolescence , and the severe emotions the main characters felt . There also a lot more powerful and unexpected moments . The book just did n`t do anything for me .
 This book Is n't as good as I would hope . It is to brief , it gets scary in the last twenty pages . If you want a good scary novel , go towards Cujo or The Exorcist . Maybe even try reading Watchers , that is a great book , but do n't bother with Carrie !
 This was the first Stephen King book I read an prbably the worst . A bad storyline and the cover says it is gruesome , but , apart from when the guy gets hit by a wire and the Hargensen crash , no descriptions of death
 Big fan of the movie . The book was disappointing . I 'm glad I saw the movie first . The book dragged on too much and the end was disappointing . Not as dramatic as I hoped .
 As one of Stephen King 's new readers , I 've had a pretty good run . I 've read two Stephen King books that I loved and one that I liked . This is the first bump in the road on my path to reading more Stephen King . I did n't love Carrie and am sad to say that I was n't really impressed with this book.The first thing that I disliked were all of the interviews and newspaper excerpts that were frequently used . Things like that are usually used in a more subtle way . Not only does he give away the entire plot by doing that , but in every single instance it took me out of a story that I was not completely into in the first place . I fail to see the effect that this had . I understand that he used it to sort of tell the story , but would n't it have been more effective to simply let it unfold naturally instead of reading it all second-hand ? Anyway , that right there sort of bugged me.I guess the biggest reason that I did n't really like Carrie was because I just did n't care about a lot of the characters . I felt there was n't enough background on them . Sure , I sort of sympathized with Carrie -LRB- it 's kind of hard not to -RRB- , but at the end of the novel I was like `` Hmmm , it 's over '' . I felt no turmoil for the events that unfolded . Usually , I find thoughts creeping in days after reading Stephen King 's works and I 'm still thinking about the characters . With Carrie , I doubt I will.So , while Carrie was a quick read , I was majorly disappointed in it . There were some good parts -LRB- the end was gripping -RRB- , but you can really tell that this was Stephen King 's first novel . It has n't put me off reading any of his other works -LRB- mostly because , besides this , what I have read is great -RRB- , but I would n't recommend it for any first-time King readers who just want to get a taste of his books before truly committing . I 'd say to pick something else .
 This book was pretty dry , without much color or interior monologue , just leaving me with the creeps and not much understanding . The story was actually portrayed much more forcefully in the movie . So I would recommend the movie over the book . If you 're looking for a good read by King , try `` Thinner '' or `` Insomnia '' instead .
 Stephen King 's first novel Carrie is about a girl -LRB- Carrie -RRB- who is tormented by her classmates , made fun of by her teachers , and beaten by her religious mother . The novel has SO MUCH plot , and it is SO intriging , but it 's not done well at all . The book is a flat , boring thing , from one of the best writers of all time . The book has the largest amount of dull , cardboard-cutout chatecters ever to be stuffed in one book . I mean , Brian De Palma 's film version had GREAT charecter developement , -LRB- and also featured Halloween 's PJ Soles , OH YEAH !!!! -RRB- and it was a very touching peice of work , you really felt sorry for Carrie . In the movie , Carrie is a misunderstood but sweet girl who simply needed some freinds , but in the book she was a WIERDO !!!! I will say that I saw the film before I read the book , but it only proves that the movie is one of the few film adaptions that is better than the novel -LRB- I read Pet Semetary , and was dissapointed with the film , I read Cujo , and was VERY dissapointed with the film -RRB- , but Carrie , the movie , is WAY better than the book . I know I sound like one of those people who would rather watch a movie than read , but I love to read , and I love Stephen King 's work , but this was one flat out dissipointment.If you enjoyed the novel Carrie , I would recomend the novels The Shining , Salems Lot , Pet Semetary and The Stand.If you found my review helpfull -LRB- I hope you did -RRB- please vote for me.Brett Michael Roberts
 Do n't get me wrong , I a HUGE King fan . I love most everything he has ever written , he 's a phenomenal author , yadda yadda yadda ... but this book just did n't seem to do it for me . And it 's a shame , ya know , because the basic idea is just so damn good ! Zealot mom brainwashes and abuses daughter , daughter wants to break free , has telekinetic powers , made fun of at school , kills them all ... that 's great ! But this book did n't have the character development that I 've come to expect from King ... maybe I 've been spoiled ! Also the plot seemed too simple - but that is n't my biggest complaint . Sometimes short and sweet is great . But why waste a wonderful idea on such short sweetness ? Oh well , to each his own . My opinion of Stephen King is still as high as ever ... in fact this makes me even more eager to read even more , better books by him !
 Nothing in this book is wrong or out of place , but it 's instantly obvious that it 's written by a poet and not a prose artist . I personally feel this book has a far greater economy of words than the topic deserves . It 's an addition to the books on polyamory which is a rapid , easy read-but left me wanting more . More explanation , more details , more mechanics .
 While it provides some nice insite it wasnt quite what I thought . It is mostly her impressions and story . nice read but just not what I thought
 The author just used this book to preach at you about how some people need more love than one person can give so they need relationships with more than one person . The whole book seemed to just be a defense and justification for the author 's lifestyle.Also , very short . Read it in less than 3 hours .
 I have been a fan of yaoi -LRB- gay-themed manga -RRB- since before it became popular in the U.S. , so I used to just take whatever I could get . Unfortunately , this is the first manga I bought that taught me that just because it 's yaoi , does n't mean it 's gon na be good . The main premise of this story is that Hikaru , a high school student , rapes Shima , one of his teachers -LRB- on the very first page ! -RRB- and he must then make it up to him by `` play-acting '' as his lover , and also by maintaining a high GPA -LRB- do n't even ask -RRB- . Will Shima ever decide to become Hikaru 's `` real '' lover ? Before you 're through the 1st volume , you 'll already have stopped caring.Rape is a common occurance in yaoi manga , and there is usually a lot of deep angst or emotion involved in it , from one or both people involved . There 's none of that in `` Passion '' . Hikaru just raped him because he loves him so much . Really ! He even blurts out `` Will you marry me ? '' right afterwards ! Now if that 's not true love , then I do n't know what is . But it 's okay , Shima does n't seem overly upset . Like any good teacher , he just criticizes Hikaru for doing it wrong and tells him to `` think about what you should do to make up for what you 've done today . '' Okay , I know yaoi is n't supposed to be realistic , but `` Passion '' asked me to suspend my disbelief way too much . It is n't that they act out of character , it 's more that they do n't have `` character '' to begin with . We never find out why Shima or Hikaru act in the bizarre ways they do -LRB- volume 2 attempts to offer some belated explanations , but fails -RRB- . There are some side plots and additional characters that add length , particularly in the 2nd final volume , but they supply nothing in entertainment value.In addition to all that , the English translation is horrible ! The language sounds dry at best , but it 's often so awkward and unnatural that it made me wince . Not to mention Hikaru throws `` sir '' into his speech at the most irrelevent times -LRB- `` I could imagine it was painful , sir '' -RRB- . And to top it all off , the sex scenes are n't even very impressive.This is definitely one-star yaoi , but I give it two stars because `` Passion '' is still better than a lot of sappy shoujo manga out there that manage to be twice as unbelievable and melodramatic as this is . But unless you 've already bought the many better-quality yaoi manga that are now available in the U.S. and you 're truly desperate for more , I 'd pass on this one .
 the only reason i gave this book 2 stars is because gay themed manga novels are still hard to find . despite it 's recent burst of popularity in the states yaoi is still pretty inaccessible . there 's only a handful of titles in circulation . if there was a wider variety to choose from i still would have bought `` Passion '' but only because i 'm a huge fan of the genre and a closet obsessive compulsive who has to collect everything of a specific genre.the story definitely has a plot but the characters and the reasons they do what they do are never explained . also the choices they make are incomprehensible and uninteresting . at least in gravitation theres a comedic undertone to everything so the story can get by with a little fluffiness here and there . thats also the problem here , with passion your not sure what the story is supposed to be , between the odd way everyone behaves `` let 's pretend to be lovers till the end of term '' to the ongoing flashbacks of unrequieted romance between the teachers the story tries to be too many things all at once and fails on all counts . also if your looking for good adult material this is NOT the book for you . when i gave up on the plot -LRB- by page 10 -RRB- i thought `` okay at least i 'll see some cute manga boys gettin nakies '' but the most you see is a couple of torso shots.if you want some good adult material i highly recommend `` Golden Cain '' aside from a very good story it 's sex scenes are pretty hardcore . and if your more interested in poignant romance that resonates , pick up `` only the Ring Finger Knows '' . if your after light cute and funny go with gravitation . of course as i i said earlier if your a diehard yaoi fan you would n't want your collection to be without this title . if nothing else the art is beautiful as manga usually is .
 Hi there ! I hope this helps you if you are looking for BL manga of the Shonen-Ai or YAOI variety.Storyline
 With a name like `` Passion , '' I was expecting something more ... well , passionate . All I see here is a few power and mind games , sprinkled with not-very-erotic sex scenes.The story opens with Hikaru , who is obsessed with his teacher Shima , raping Shima in an empty classroom . Shima , instead of getting angry or , you know , calling the police or anything , tells Hikaru that he should think about how he 's going to make up for what he 's done.What follows is a bizarre series of events that I just ca n't swallow -- a teenager with stalker tendencies obsesses over his teacher , while the teacher , fully aware of the obsession , uses it to manipulate his student . Hikaru is allowed to `` play '' at being Shima 's lover as long as he keeps his grades up , and by the end of the book , Shima seems to be developing some tender feelings for his rapist.The art is sparse and mostly unattractive ; plenty of panels do n't have backgrounds , and the characters do n't look polished enough to carry the story on their own . The translation is awkward and dialogue unnatural , though I have seen worse . Combine it all with the weak and unbelievable plot , and I 'm just glad that I won this book in a raffle ; if I 'd spent money on it , I 'd have felt ripped off .
 John reveals his complete ignorance of Bible and scientific truth as he has been sadly brainwashed by the paganism of anglicanism !
 Chapter 1The first chapter starts out simple enough - gives a brief explanation of what science is , what religion is -LRB- in his opinion -RRB- , and how they relate and differ . The first problem is on page 22
 I found this book to be confusing and contradictory as if the author does n't really believe what he 's saying . I will say that there are many good points made , especially in the first couple chapter . Then in `` Whats Been Going On '' onward the quality dropped sharply . Here are a few problems I saw reoccuring . - He makes the point that ` Chance '' is how nature gains an independence from the strict ` laws ' of nature.However , chance may be just more reliable strict laws that we do n't understand . - Having 5 fingers was happenstance , but not being able to worship , consciousness etc. . However , he also says that there is no magic ingredient to make life . However when did the worship characteristic come in for humans ? He seems to be saying that it is much different than physical attributes which happened by ` chance ' but also that God does not enter in one day and give humans consciousness -LRB- evolution was a continuous process p. 52 -RRB- . - P. 52 , we hope to one day understand the biochemical pathways that got life going , but consciousness is a different story -LRB- centuries away from understanding -RRB- . If we one day understand consciousness too , how is he not being a reductionist ? - He uses chaos theory as a stab against reductionism . Just because we ca n't take into account every variable does not mean it is not a reducible system . ` Clouds ' are still mechanical creatures even if we ca n't predict them . The mechanics is just very complex . - Can Scientists Pray has a plethora of obvious theological problems dealing with God 's will and the future . - Things not made clear
 This book really did n't help much at all . It should not be a ` handbook ' at all . Maybe a ` leaflet ' would be more accurate . Do n't waste you hard earned cash .
 I read Cry Me A River as a book club reading , and I was very disappointed . I thought the writing was juvenile and found several inconsistencies in the plot . Every character seemed to neatly fit into a stereotype - the angry black sister , the church-going mother , the racist police chief , etc. . Also , I felt no sympathy for Tyrone , the main character , as he sets out to prove his son 's innocence . I expected better writing , a better plot line , and a more realistic story . Cry Me A River was like reading a made-for-TV movie .
 Dean Koontz has remarked that he 'd rather be known as a suspense writer than as a horror writer . I think he manages that very well.The reason I like Koontz books is because they begin so mysteriously ; odd events unexpectedly cropping up in the lives of ordinary people . The author engages the reader , immersing him/her in the world of the characters , unfolding the story with skill.Koontz books are page-turners , certainly , and this one is no exception . But , for my money , a suspense book should end leaving me satisfied that the mystery I was plunged into from page one has now been explained.Disappointingly , this was not the case with The Servants of Twilight . Oh , yes , it has a protagonist , an antagonist , and a climax , as novels do . -LRB- I wo n't spoil the story for you here as some other reviews have done , either . -RRB- I read most of it in two days ; it was that interesting and gripping . In fact , all through The Servants of Twilight there is an absolutely terrific tension , one that I have rarely encountered in fiction , a tension driving you to keep reading to discover the truth . I was waiting for its resolution up until the final page -- and it never came.This novel falls squarely into that genre of story that leave `` what really happened '' entirely up to the reader . There is ample evidence throughout so that a number of opposing conclusions could be argued for and supported by the story . This was clearly intended by Koontz , but it left me with a hollow , cheated feeling . Is the glass half full , or half empty ? You decide . The author did n't . I have given the book only 2 stars in the rating because I do n't like this kind of `` choose your own interpretation '' in a suspense book . Your mileage may vary . If you do n't mind it , you 'll probably rate it higher . But at least you 've been forewarned . In every other way , it was a great book.Thanks for reading my review .
 Do n't get me wrong , at times I love Koontz . I think Phantoms , Whispers , House of Thunder , and Intensity are among his best . BUT the other extreme are his characters that are super-perfect and overcome such odds that it left me rolling my eyes in exasperation . Also the ending greatly disapointed me . `` Was '' he or `` Was n't '' he ? There is no closure . Do n't waste your time ! Along with ` The Mask ' one of Koontz 's worst ever .
 Dean Koontz has written some excellent books , `` Lightning '' being the best he has done . Because I read `` Lightning '' first , and I know other people who have read other Dean Koontz books , I assumed that `` Servants of Twilight '' would be at least mediocre . I must say , that this was absolutely the worst book I have ever read . The only reason I read it to the end is because I kept hoping that at leaset the ending would be good . -LRB- it was n't -RRB- . If you think the book is bad , then see the movie . If it was possible for a book to have B.O. , then this would be the book to have it .
 I was trying to download a Kindle version of this book . I was on my Kindle home page on your site . I inadvertantly ordered two paper backs of this book because being on the Kindle search page I thought I was ordering Kindles . Shortly after ordering them I tried to stop the shipment . But I was denied the ability to stop them . I did n't like that ... if you are going to have a Kindle search page stick to Kindle !
 Koontz seems unable to say anything in 10 words if he 's able to find a way to say it in 60 words instead . I spent the majority of this book reading , &#34; and he noticed how she moved &#34; next page , next page next page . &#34; He felt for the boy &#34; next page , next page , next page ... It 's as if he wrote a 100 page book that they demanded that he turn into a longer novel ... Very simplistic , the hero fails on nearly every level and yet we 're supposed to feel pity for him . Koontz claims that autism can be caused by emotional trauma , a theory that was well disproved 40 years ago ... this is a decent idea for a plot that is realized in such a terribly bloated plot as to be painful.Simply more evidence that the Odd Thomas books and everything else by Koontz could not have possibly have been written by the same author ... wait for it to hit the .99 cent bin ...
 This is a novel first published under a different name , and after reading it I conclude he did so because he or his publisher realized it was not up to the Koontz usual standard . A basic chase story , only there 's no real reason why the pure kid was picked out to be chased . I 'd pass on this one , and head for Odd Thomas instead , a real Koontz novel .
 Thank God this is not the first D. Koontz I have read , because I 'd be sort of `` gun shy '' to read another . But alas ... I love Dean Koontz and will probably read every thing he has ever written . S.O.T. starts out faced paced , which I love about Dean , but it soon becomes predictable and sooooo drawn out . Unfortunatley I always finish reading what I start , but let me tell ya this one was a test of my endurance!The ending gets one star . Corny , syrupy , very predictable , very dissapointing . I could not wait for it 's finish ! Dean you 're still the BEST when it comes creepy -LSB- story -RSB- writing , this one ... not so much.xoxo James
 This is my second Koontz book and I was dissappointed . I first read TICK TOCK in three days . It was great . But this book , on the other hand , is n't . It started out right to the point and had identafiable characters , but then 250 pages I put it down . It just became to dull and predictable !
 I have read many of Koontz 's books , and I just do n't see what the fascination is with this title . One of the things I have always liked about Dean Koontz is his ability to write a supernatural tale that is somewhat possible . There is always that feeling , however much of a reach it may be , that this could feasibly happen.Here you have a tale about the Anti-Christ that starts off intriguing , and just degenerates into one long chase sequence . I think the last 150 pages or so is Koontz 's over-winded description of the cultists trying to chase Joey and his Mom through the woods . Koontz never really explored the idea of is this kid really the Anti-Christ ? We are supposed to think that because Grace Spivey is so intense in her beliefs that this kid may just be the devil 's son ? It would have been nice if Koontz had teased us with some unbelieveable or unexplainable manifestations of power from the boy , however slight , to keep us guessing.It 's like Koontz had a good idea when he started , but had no idea how to finish it . I was quite bored at the end , and was skimming the last 100 or so pages just to find out what happened in the end , which was pretty much nothing.If you want a good Koontz book , read Intensity , Whispers or Dark Rivers of the Heart .
 Whoever was responsible for entitling this collection of Plutarch 's Lives ought to be buried alive like a naughty Vestal Virgin . To apply the adjective `` Grecian '' to the men of Hellas is a travesty . At best , they should have used the term `` Greeks . '' Honestly . `` Grecian '' is and should ONLY be applied to things manufactured by Greeks , not to Greeks themselves . It 's like calling the people of Scotland `` Scotch . '' Try that one in an Edinburgh pub and see how long you last . Unfortunately the `` noble '' men Hellas are not around to defend themselves , so I have to do it for them . `` Lives of the Noble Hellines and Romans '' is itself more noble .
 It is a shame that such an interesting , and historicaly valuable work such as Plutarch 's lives is so difficult for modern readers . Though many others have commented on how difficult this English is for the modern reader , consider the following quote taken at random , from the first two sentences of the life of the Roman Camillus : Among the many remarkable things that are related of Furius Camillus , it seems singular and strange above all , that he , who continually was in the highest commands , and obtained the greatest successes , was five times chosen dictator , triumphed four times , and was styled a second founder of Rome , yet never was so much as once consul . The reason of which was the state and temper of the commonwealth at that time ; for the people , being at dissension with the senate , refused to return consuls , but in their stead elected other magistrates , called military tribunes , who acted , indeed , with full consular power , but were thought to exercise a less obnoxious amount of authority , because it was divided among a larger number ; for to have the management of affairs entrusted in the hands of six persons rather than two was some satisfaction to the opponents of oligarchy.Ugh . And on it goes . The North translation is even worse , to my ear . The best translation that I 've found is the Loeb Classical Library . However , they are spread across eleven volumes , making for a very expensive acquisition .
 Item was returned to Amazon for credit two weeks ago . I had not ordered the item.Amazon and the BOOKORAMA company that sold me these three books have never asnwered myrequest for a reason why I was sent the books when I did not order them , andonly had them on my wish list . No response from the Book company or Amazon aboutthe return and the credit do to me .
 The Box Children is a coming of age story about a young Texan farm girl , who , over the course of a 1960 summer experiences the undoing of her mother 's sanity . By wonderfully recounting the LouAnn 's diary , Sharon Wyse gives us sight into the life of this sensitive adolescent girl.Unlike other reviewers , there is no way I can give this book more than two stars . The book is well written , and LouAnn does capture the heart of readers . However , Wyse gives little if any hope for redemption in the story . The lives of all the prominent grown-ups in the story are so skewed , I was left feeling scared and hopeless . The parents , grandparents and other adults from the church and community were all abusers , whores , gossipers and more . The only adults who had any good sense about them were the hired hands on this Texan farm.Even in fiction , the author must tell the truth . Where was even one adult who would have been in a position to effect good in the life of this child ? Where was the one who might be able to help her on the long and slow road back to wholeness ? Wyse ' readers deserve more , and she is obviously capable of giving it .
 I ordered this book even before publication since I am very interested in the topic and use have been involved in using and implementing option pricing models based on Levy processes.I am quite disappointed since the book gives details neither on the financial side -LRB- incomplete markets , approximate hedging , exotic options ... -RRB- which is not really the expertise of the author nor on the mathematical side -LRB- Wiener Hopf factorization , integrodifferential equations -RRB- which is superficially treated , the reader being constantly referred to other books.The statistics / econometrics aspect is totally absent and givenonly a slight treatment.For practitioners it is even more disappointing because a crucial aspect , namely NUMERICAL METHODS , is completely absentand references to recent work on this topic is omitted.For example , the author does not explain how the models were calibrated to the option prices in the examples he gives and his results are not easy to reproduce.The only positive point of the book is to give a unified list of different models based on Levy processes which are spread out in the literature .
 This book is definitely disappointing . The subject in itself is most interesting and deserved better than this . The reasons are the author superficially surveys in 150 pages well-known results
 After receiving the book `` death rode the Rails by Marck Aldrich I was totally disappointed . It is not a good description of specific train disasters but is written as a college class book on railroad safety . If this is what you desire you might enjoy it . The font is exceedingly small and hard to read and has few if any illustrations . Not what I expected at all ... I 'm sending it back .
 Okay , first off I 'm not a conservative , I like modern life , I do n't believe that things were better in the good old days etc. . But how can modernist drivel like this ever be considered brilliant ? Has there ever been a novel more pointless , more vague , with less interesting characters and with less redeeming value ? I do n't think so . Oh , I guess I 'm supposed to applaud Pynchon for being so inventive and different from everybody else . Yeah , well that 's all well and good , but not enough in itself to make a good novel . Maybe it 's because I was born in the late 70 's and I 'm not a hippie that I do n't understand the cosmic significance of the Tristero whatever that is . San Narcisco ? That is supposed to be brilliant ? It 's just a clever little wordplay that any High School student could write in one of their papers . And the writing of the title as the last words of the novel ? Please . Why is that such a literary feat?I guess the point of the novel was not to have a point . I 'm sorry , but that is just taking the easy way out . At least put some effort into making me feel something and ask questions about myself . Oh , the book was trying to do that ? It 's making me wonder what it all means and what is the meaning of life ? Hello ! Who needs to read this book to ask those questions ? Everyone asks themselves those questions naturally . There 's nothing particularly briliant in that concept . Anyway , I 'll stop now because I 'm not by nature a cynical guy and all this negativity is killing me . I 'm just a little upset at having to torture myself reading this for a class .
 Possibly the most boring book I 've ever read . The ONLY redeemable thing about this book is that it is mercifully short .
 I found the characters to be unreal , as perhaps Pynchon intended , the jokes and characters ` names sophomoric , and the plot incomprehensible . Pynchon hits a lot of easy targets - right wingers , Southern California crazies , environmental spoilage and pointless wealth accumulation - but if there is a bigger theme , I could n't find it . As a reader , I do n't feel challenged ; I feel defeated .
 This book , I 'm sorry to say , was a waste of time . that 's all I have to say
 Horrifically perverse and nihilistic . The anguished , incoherent screams of a soulless predator caught in the trap of its own existence . Should never have seen the light of day .
 I , unlike other reviewers , am NOT a Pynchon fan . I had to read this book for class , and it was terrible . It made no sense at all , and the author 's attempts to be clever just backfired .
 This book comes across as severely dated and lame . All the people who love this book are either nerds who think they 're in on Pynchon 's `` joke '' or they are nerds who havent read a good book like Catch-22 .
 One problem with social satire , even at its most perceptive and subversive , is that it becomes dated almost immediately if the author focuses on current trends and cultural references . This novel by the otherwise masterful Pynchon might still be useful for fans of his experiments with language and his unconventional plot constructions . But for the rest of us , this book 's badly outdated references , overwrought prose , incongruous conspiracies , and sheer mid-60s detached irony are tiresome and increasingly pointless . It was surely the fashion of the time , in satirical writing , to construct a shell of a plotline that is then used to explore eccentric characters and their shallow connections to the impersonal anomie of modern life . Fair enough , but the hipsters and literati of 1966 were probably the only parties likely to be wowed by this book 's self-obsessed puns and inside-joke allegories . But even if you can stomach the dated references , this novel 's laborious dialogue and shallow character interactions all swamp a thin plotline that goes nowhere except for the unenlightening self-knowledge gained by the already very thinly-constructed lead character . This novel is probably still a worthy masterpiece for those readers who find it rewarding to conquer a novel that makes reading a work of labor . But for those looking for enlightenment , or even just a rewarding or fun challenge , you 'd surely prefer something more timeless and less self-obsessed . -LSB- ~ doomsdayer520 ~ -RSB-
 I suppose this is another book that makes me feel stupid . I simply did not get it as a whole . I recognized the satire of contemporary Amercian culture , and saw Oedipa as an example of an American Every -LRB- wo -RRB- man caught up in the blaring , glaring expansion of America as a function of industrialism and capitalism . Oedipa did not seem a full on individual to me , and I think it was on purpose . She finds herself ghosting her way through the landscape of California in a manner only slightly more surreal than the way she ghosted her way to the moment in her life when she came home from the Tupperware Party to find out she was the will 's executor . That being said , her involvement in the Trystero mystery that may or may not be a worldwide conspiracy rings almost like a post-modern trip into a psychotic break . You would think , all these things considered , the book would be far more compelling than it is.And , for me , it was not compelling at all , except for two passages that never get revisited . When Oedipa reflects on Mucho 's horror at working at the car lot and when she wanders the streets finding the lost people of the town , finding the muted horn symbol everywhere she goes . Both scenes are powerful in language , imagery and are ripe with meaning , but they are quickly over and never revisited . Say what you will about a writer using an economy of words to get his point across , but while Pynchon does this in these two passages well , he seems to go on an on about things that are less compelling and , seemingly , less important . As an example , I know there had to be a reason for the whole mess on the island , but for the life of me I just never cared.I am left wondering if the book is a statement about our need to communicate and our need for privacy and freedom being at odds or if I am off the mark . Then there is an existential aspect as Oedipa is left , one by one , by all the men she meets in her life . She is , in the end , left entirely alone to figure it all out for herself . That 's really all I took from the book , that an awesome title that is not explained until the end and wonderfully so . I did love the way the book ended , leaving it up to the reader to decide what he or she makes of the whole thing.For such a short book , it took a long time to read . Mainly because I found myself not wanting to read anymore . A few wonderful passages wedged in between a lot of boring weirdness that failed to capture my imagination at all . All that being said , this is simply one uneducated reader 's opinion . I am all for literary fiction that gets you thinking , even if you need a companion book to get all the references -LRB- oi ! -RRB- but where TCoL49 failed to me is in the simplest aspect of story telling . The Read . For me , Lot 49 was just not a very good read .
 OK , this is a satire , but I 'm not sure of what . Is it America 's obsession with Communists under every bed ? Is it of the Sixties -- the age itself ? -LRB- but it was written in 1965 -RRB- . Could it be a parody of Umberto Eco ? -LRB- but he wrote in the ` 80s -RRB- . Or of an obscure episode in a great issue of ZAP Komix ? Hey , whatever 's right , man . Some say Pynchon is one of America 's greatest writers , but on the basis of this book , I do n't . I 'd say it 's more like a case of the emperor has no clothes . Admittedly , the writing is lush , even lyrical ; the humor , especially the choice of names , made me laugh out loud repeatedly , but I like a novel with an understandable plot , some characters who are more than cartoons , and if a satire , then at least a remote sense that -LRB- unlike Kafka 's intimate circle of friends -RRB- I did n't have to know Pynchon personally to understand the `` real meaning '' . Oedipa Maas ' ex-lover dies , leaving her the job of being executor of his will , but as she tries to do her duty , more and more oddities appear . I ca n't give a straight account , because such a thing is impossible . It 's all a vague mass of plots , murders or possible murders , suicides , Nazis , postage stamps , mysterious symbols that turn out to be ubiquitous , 17th century plays , bars , secret organizations with their own postal service , and weird corporations . Pynchon fans are going to hand me a heap of negative votes here . But , read some of the other reviews . If they intrigue you , give it a whirl . As for me , I 'm giving away the other Pynchon novels I have . I 'm outta here .
 I agree with the reviewer who is troubled by the idea that you have to be `` Educated '' in order to get certain books . I felt in reading this book that one had to be `` hip '' to Pynchon 's `` jive '' to have a prayer of enjoying it . He presents us with a labyrinthine plotline filled with hipsters , weirdos and satire descended from the beatniks , all of which , ultimately , does not deliver anything close to a profound conclusion . It 's as if Pynchon sets the reader up for a revelation and then , poof , there is no revelation , the revelation is made of feathers and dandelion puffs . Which left me feeling as though Pynchon is simply having fun at the reader 's expense , weaving elaborate , dense , and bizarre language with very little substance . And the hijinx , while sometimes funny , are n't entertaining enough to sustain the weight of it all . This book is ultimately Dada-ist , which in my opinion is bad enough , but worse , it does n't mean to be . It means to be profound and witty and elegantly irreverent . Please . Spare me the self-important novelist 's language games . To be fair , I would try reading V or Gravity 's Rainbow to see how it compared with this novel , since his use of language and insight are quite brilliant at times . But as for this book , whew . What a let-down .
 Though I admire Pynchon as a monumental writer in postmodern American literature , I must say that reading The Crying of Lot 49 was anything but relaxing . I truly admire Pynchon 's clever wit and humor , but the symbolism and references hidden behind every other word made me feel absolutely exhausted . I would still recommend this book , but only to someone who is up for a deep , mind-twisting read - not for a soothing novel for the tub .
 Subversive ? Stupid ? Both ? The Crying of Lot 49 is a satire of something , perhaps itself . Characters and places have silly names , witty parodies engage in absurdist hijinks , and deep down there might be some sort of meaning about the failure of language . Of course , you 're not supposed to care about the meaning if you want to enjoy this book . It 's a long and clever joke whose only true target is itself . While the creative or inventive potential of this is high , the result just falls apart as it goes on . -LRB- But then again , this is supposed to represent entropy probably . It 's clever , see , but not very enjoyable for being so -RRB- All this said , the one thing this book left me wanting to do most was read another Thomas Pynchon book . His writing -LRB- except for in the beginning few chapters -RRB- was solid , and the ideas he does communicate are interesting . He 's quoted as saying that The Crying of Lot 49 was a mistake of a book , and agreeing with that and wanting to get an actually representative representation of his work , I move on to Gravity 's Rainbow . But later . I 'm tired enough of The Crying of Lot 49 .
 First , the positives
 I finally read this because I 've never yet managed to complete a Thomas Pynchon story . I managed to finish this novel only because it 's short . I 'm left confused about many things , but not about this
 I was vaguely aware of the existence of Thomas Pynchon , and after hearing a brief summary of CoL49 I went to the library and grabbed this and ` V ' . I got as far as page seventy before I hung it up and decided to take them both back . It 's got that weird wacky ` everything ends up being connected ' vibe of my favorite Vonnegut books , but without the humor or the sense that I cared about the characters or what happened next . I never really got a sense of character from anybody except Mucho Maas , and people seemed to behave in whatever manner would propel the chaos engine Pynchon was frantically trying to keep spinning with this book . The writing felt awkward and disjointed , sentences sometimes needing two or three readings to decipher . But it did keep making me think `` I should read Slaughterhouse Five again '' .
 The first chapter is interesting enough to keep you reading , but it gets tiresome quite rapidly . The characters , funny as they may be - initially - are getting mired in a strange theory of conspiracy.Unfortunately , the plot does n't stick and the reader looses interest in it . After the VERY long description of the `` Courier 's Tragedy '' play you are left with the feeling that enough is enough ... I understand the pivotal , crucial part the play has in the book but still ... devoting such a long chapter to it is an overkill.The only motive to keep on reading is that the book is short , Pynchon is a true master of the English language , funny / interesting situations appear from time to time and one expects Pynchon to deliver.This does not happen and the book ends leaving the reader with the feeling that he/she could n't care more if the conspiracy detailed really had a base in reality or not .
 This book was absolutely insufferable . The plot was convoluted , the characters were unlikable , and the prose was simultaneously confusing and boring . I did n't finish it . I suppose if you like post modernist crap ?
 I have read Gravity 's Rainbow and am on my second read-through of it , which has been really good so far . My only problem with GR is that there is no real , solid story , something a lot of people use as a point in it 's favor , making the case that not having a story is what makes GR so post-modern and cool , but I felt like GR had a lot of style and not a lot of substance . I was expecting The Crying of Lot 49 to be a less experimental , neatly wrapped Pynchon novel with a slick story , and I was disappointed.All the beautiful prose I 'd come to expect from GR was MIA , and all I was left with was a boring , meandering plot about a hundreds-of-years-old conspiracy which never gets explained except through big chunks of boring historical data , all centering around the bland Oedipa Maas.I 'm understanding less and less why people consider Pynchon a master writer . He clearly has the ability to write beautifully and clearly and construct a complex story ; why ca n't he just put them together ?
 I have never read a book that had single sentences running for two thirds of a page until I read this book . This book had no flow do to writers style of writing . I will read a later book by Pynchon before I decide if his style and stories work for me .
 After reading the great reviews , I was really excited to obtain a copy , but was quickly disappointed . The story was dated pretentious nonsense from the sixties and has n't aged well . Read it if you like to torture youself alacommunity college Contemporary American Lit. , or better , just keep it on the shelf to impress your friends . When they ask you about it , make something up . They 'll never read it anyway .
 When I started reading this book , I was expecting a Victorian crime drama . I could n't have been more disappointed ! I guess I should have bought something by Paglia -LRB- pron . Pole-ya -RRB- instead .
 I sat down and read each of the six chapters TWICE in this novel , and I did n't understand hardly anything . I know Pynchon is an outstanding author and I 'm sure there 's plenty of symbolism I should have picked up on , but guess what ? I did n't . I like novels that make you think , but this one is like looking at a piece of art and just drawing a blank . The characters are interesting , but not detailed . No one can deny that ... The story itself is engrossing for the first 50 or so pages . Then I just completely lost where Pynchon took the novel . Do you have to be over forty years old and have three degrees in English to understand his concepts ? However , if anyone would like to explain any aspect of the novel to me , I would love to hear about it . Just use the address provided above . Thank you .
 I have this problem that once I commit to reading a book I ca n't put it down because I think that if I keep reading , maybe , eventually something worth reading will come up in the later pages.This is why I dislike The Crying of Lot 49 . The author goes on and on like a crazy hobo in an unending stream of conscious.This book could easily be a short story . It 's not subtle at all where the author spends pages and pages over using metaphors and similes , going on tangents and generally trying desperately to fill out what never should have been an entire book in the first place.It took me weeks to finish this short read that should have taken only a few hours because I kept putting it down and eying it like a disenchanted child staring down a plate of vegetables .
 Whose Conspiracy is it?In The Crying of Lot 49 , Pynchon seems to be trying to spoof the conspiracy-theory story , but I believe he fails to write a convincing story because there are no believable characters moving the plot.Ever since I started high school in 1952 I have been aware that individuals have descried and the media have described grand theories of covert conspiracies at all levels of our society . In my earliest recollections it was the `` dirty pinko commies '' who had infiltrated Hollywood , the Army , and all levels of the U.S. Government and `` they '' were determined to destroy our Judeo-Christian-military-industrial society . When I started college in the early sixties , the hot conspiracy was the work of the rabble rousers trying to subvert the status quo among the minorities and women . After the Kennedys and M. L. King were assassinated , wonderfully chilling , probing novels , TV documentaries , dramas , and fantastic movies promoting a vast array of conspiracy theories were produced . Modern America has been primed to expect a conspiracy in any place or at any time as a part of our partisan political process . We love a good conspiracy-theory story.As an engineer who lived in Southern California in the sixties and worked a few years for a small electronics company that made subassemblies that wound up on the moon , I could identify with the poor slobs who worked for Yoyodyne . As a stamp collector , the name `` Thurn and Taxis '' sounded very familiar . As an avid reader of the plays of the Seventeenth Century , I could identify most of the scenes in the Courier 's Tragedy . As a fan of David Lodge , I smiled at the allusion to Morris Zapf . All of Pynchon 's characters range from oddball to extreme stereotypes , and the plot unfolds driven by an extremely long series of tedious coincidences that drive Oedipa through an improbable quest that ends at an auction.What bothered me was that Pynchon has Oedipa jump to a conclusion that there is a conspiracy early in the plot and then she sets out on a liminal quest and builds a hermeneutic conspiracy theory which the author presents in as realistically detailed a fashion as Dreiser does in An American Tragedy . Granted Pynchon follows the postmodernist formula of introducing a wide ranging pastiche of clues , provided by widely different , mostly unreliable , repressed to paranoid characters , but they all reinforce in Oedipa 's mind that there is a rational conspiracy that has existed for almost three hundred years , which has the effect of being a substitute religious experience and post office for the usual outcasts of society.There were many warm smiles along the way , but the relentless sledge hammering of the mindless , paranoid clues Oedipa follows wore me down . Satire needs a believable , nave straight man , or woman , to carry the story line . Ode did n't do it for me.I rate the book two and a half stars .
 Reading this book is a painful experience . But those that manage to slug through this gleaming example of the nadir of 20th century prose will get the occasional chuckle . I am positive that Pynchon does have something of value to say , and if you can make it through his unintelligible writing style and acid-head syntax , I am sure you can find it .
 Let 's start with the good stuff
 But boy , this book just turned me off completely . I take the point of the reader who wrote the review `` Great Writers Are Not to Blame for Your Lack of Education '' , but I also believe that one should feel free to say , `` I just did n't like it '' and not have to worry about having your intelligence or lack thereof implicated . Having said that -- the character names ; silly . Plot development ; nonexistent . Characters ; flat flat flat . This is all purely my opinion -- I 'm definitely more of a classics reader . But I did get an education , and continue to educate myself , so I do n't feel too bad about not liking Pynchon . And I think I may still give Gravity 's Rainbow a try , you never know ...
 The first chapter of this novel is quite good -- brings out some interesting characters with some very funky names -LRB- Oedipa ? Mucho ? A shrink named Dr. Hilarius ? -RRB- with keen senses of humor . It ends strongly , with the image of Oedipa imagining herself as Rapunzel and that image just running away and picking up steam , doing its own stuff , quite alive as the chapter closes out.Unfortunately , the rest of the five chapters do n't come near the intensity of the first chapter . And when Pynchon goes headlong into the Jacobean play -LRB- `` The Courier 's Tragedy '' -RRB- , he comes out all alone , his readers left behind on the other side , dead cold and wondering just what the heck happened to this novel.When all is said and done , this book just does n't quite jibe , does n't quite work . That 's not to say that it 's a total failure -- in spots , Pynchon 's incredible language is still there , like an oasis in the middle of a desert , not to mention some moments of genuine hilarity -LRB- like when Oedipa puts on layer after layer of clothing before playing strip poker and the aerosol can zipping around the room like a busted balloon -RRB- . But for me , these parts just were n't enough . To have to wade through the rest of the gobbledygook just was n't worth it .
 Thankfully brief , this surreal satire may have been fresh and irreverent some 35 years ago when it was first published , but today it reads as a hyperstylized game of literary three card monte . The book is ostensibly about a woman who has been made executor of a rich former lover 's estate , and her attempt to unravel the meaning of an ambiguous set of clues left behind . What this allows is for Pynchon to whisk her into and out of a number of wacky hi-jinks and meetings with post-beatnik weirdoes in an attempt to satirize both humankind 's quest for knowledge and meaning , and post 1950s America . This is accomplished with a prose style that is going to either delight or dismay most readers with it 's silly wordplay -LRB- especially in character names -RRB- and grab-bag referencing of physics , Greek tragedies , postal history , drug culture , and much more . I personally found the language tiresome , grating , and insubstantial-like too many Hollywood blockbusters of today , Pynchon is so busy throwing carefully constructed pyrotechnics at the reader that he never provides anything to care about .
 This is the kind of book I imagine I would write were I inclined to that profession
 Do n't even bother this book is such a bummer . It 's so antagonistically * quirky * it reminds you immediately of the talentless fiction writers sucking up to the teacher in the front of the class who all swore a vow of loyalty to Pynchon and whacky antics . V. is much better . So is Gravity 's Rainbow . This book SUCKS . I was so frustrated after finishing it I questioned throwing it out the window . It 's just stupid and obvious and all it 's got going for it is it 's obvious drive to be zany . Word on the street is even Pynchon thought it was a jerk .
 I am afraid I finally have to use this cliche statement
 To whomever wrote the review from Washington D.C. titled `` I would rather read the IRS Tax Guide ''
 T.P. novel , Lot 49 , was introduced to me by an English professor at the university I attend . I can tell anyone that it is the worst novel -LRB- fiction for that matter ! -RRB- that I have ever read . I enjoy reading fiction and I can not believe that this novel could ever be popular . P 's sentences ramble on and on as if he was in a state of mass hysteria or a drug induced coma when he was writing . Not only does this novel not make sense , I have to agree with another reader that it is not in the least bit interesting . I WILL BE FORTUNATE IF I NEVER HAVE TO READ ANOTHER BOOK BY PYNCHON AGAIN IN MY LIFE !
 Like it or not , I sometimes wonder if an author is more loved for his image than his abilities . Thomas Pynchon is one of those . If the Crying of Lot 49 is his best work , or exemplary of his work , as so many say it is , then perhaps he really should find a day job , to use the cliche . Lot 49 is an attempt at literature without any actual literature . It 's what happens when you take out plot , character , and all the other devices that make up traditional story telling . I am very well aware that , Pynchon , like so many other authors of his era , are trying to prove that life in the modern world is soulless and meaningless . The problem is , he is not looking hard enough to find it . He is the literary equivalent of that cooky professor who says nothing written after 1900 is worth reading . My answer to the professor who tried to shove that one down my throat was to hand him a dozen books worth reading that were written in the last century . The problem is , you have to look hard to find the gems in the dross of life , and this book simply tells you that those do n't exist . Finally , the content of the book often seems pointless , and the writing is weak . There is no forward motion , and nothing to interest a decent reader .
 I 'm sorry , I really tried to enjoy this novel , since it was given to me by a literature profession friend of mine ... but I 'm afraid it 's not the kind of book for me . Perhaps I 'm not part of the intelligencia -- those people who swear by this book . As an author myself -- Santa Fe Crazy -- I think stories should entertain . The Crying of Lot 49 was all work and no play . Gads , it was dreadful .
 I got half way in , expecting something to happen , but nothing ever did . I learned nothing about the characters , the story did not move forward , and massive amounts of irrelevant trivia were thrown in - to make the writer seem clever ? In this book , the joke 's on the reader . Stay away unless you also really dig monotonal music too .
 The Crying of Lot ` 49I gave up on this novella , a volume Time magazine included in its list of 100 best English-language novels -LRB- 1923-2005 -RRB- , about halfway . I did not find it enjoyable because I did not really understand it - and I do not think I was supposed to . There were a couple of funny bits - the characters ' names are humourous ; Oedipa Mass , Mike Fallopian , Genghis Cohen - and it is well written , but it is a head trip ; it is phantasmagorical , like a David Lynch screenplay buffed up and amended by conspiracy theory nutters like Jesse Ventura . But it is literary ; I will concede that.The `` plot '' revolves around Oedipa Mass , a housewife from the Bay Area who uncovers , or so we think , or maybe , or who knows ? , an international conspiracy involving a clandestine underground postal system . The book is characterized by odd characters , esoteric symbols , and eccentric snippets of dialogue , but it is , in my opinion , weird for weird 's sake . Not that it needs my stamp of approval . Pynchon is legendary , more so because he does not and has not made public appearances.I enjoy comic novels - I like Kurt Vonnegut , for instance - so I thought I would like this book more . It is certainly interesting ; I just did not find it pleasurable . If you are wondering whether you ought to read it , you may as well . It is only 183 pages long.Or is it?Troy Parfitt is the author of Why China Will Never Rule the World ?
 I had to read this book because it was a gift from a friend and she kept asking me , `` did you like the book ? '' She majored in English and probably had to read the book for a class . It was torture to read because this book made no sense at all and reminded me of the stuff they publish in the New Yorker or Harpers magazines and call poetry . This book is like the trash television shows they call `` hits '' and annually give awards . Most folks will go along and pretend this book has something to offer but for me this emperor has no clothes . Long , never ending descriptions of insignificant trivia dominated the text.At the end I felt the real conspiracy might be Pynchon 's book itself because people believe this is a good book . When we challenge conventional thought we are isolated and made to feel uncomfortable . A student might risk appearing ignorant if they admitted to the class and their teacher that they did not understand Pynchon 's book . That is why everyone goes along and agrees with authorities whatever the issue . Depending on your place in history , the earth is the center of the universe , James Earl Ray shot Martin Luther King , and Pynchon is a great writer because the experts said it is so.No more Pynchon gift books please and I guess that makes me a `` conspiracy nut . ''
 COL 49 is a good warmup for V. no doubt , but while touted as being more ` accessible ' than either V. or Gravity 's Rainbow , is more like a notebook or sketchbook for those books.There are many clever metaphors floating in this Sargasso Sea , but Pynchon will never be a master of character . Not all novels are about human character but those which are not seem to suffer from the problems the aforenamed Sargasso does ; still , shallow and crowded with flotsam.Perhaps Pynchon is the greatest American novelist of our time ; maybe Jeff Koons is the ` greatest ' American artist of our time ; maybe our deepest sentiments and hopes have been invested in our cars . Keep living and see what changes .
 I must disagree with the reviewers that found `` Crying of Lot 49 '' unreadable . It 's as easy to read as the back of a cereal box -LRB- and just as edifying - perhaps less so -RRB- . I can imagine the author giggling as he came up with the silly character names , surely delightful to anyone under the age of twelve - or Pynchon 's fans in academe . The professor in whose class I first read this novel made an issue of the names ' implications
 This book makes me think of Warhol 's famous painting of soup cans . While it may be cute and clever to be sharing a private joke with your readers by naming characters things like Fallopian or Kotecks , and you may be intelligent and a technically capable writer , this does not mean the story , plot , or characters are involving or worth reading about . Do n't get me wrong , I have absolutely nothing against modernity or abstract art or literature . I do however feel that a writer has to do more than just be clever to write a great book . While I actively seek out a wide variety of world literature with a very offbeat slant , the deciding factor always comes down to whether the plot and characters are moving and involving . This is what makes literature the closest thing I have to the sacred in life . I feel like I have been befrauded when someone like Pynchon dresses up some otherwise poorly drawn soup-can characters in funny names and thinks that that is a substitute for good writing . It makes me understand how Christians must feel seeing a cross in a box of urine passed off as art.The Emporor is NOT wearing new clothes , he is just a naked deluded fool walking through town .
 It was such a chaotic book that it only produces nonsense . It did n't stimulate me intellectually at all . The only scene I thought enjoyable was the encounter between Oedipa and Metzger in the hotel . I laughed out loud .
 I would give this book 2.5 stars if possible . Good , but not great.I `` get '' the book , and I sympathize with those on both sides ; read any of the reviews here and you 'll see how extremely polarizing this book -LRB- and , indeed , Pynchon , in general -RRB- is.As another reviewer said
 To say this book is odd would be an understatement . It almost feels like it induces paranoia , hallucinations , and delusions all at once . I ca n't say I really enjoyed reading it -- with the exception of the first chapter , which was quite fun -- but I did appreciate it . I found Pynchon 's sense of humor very entertaining -- my particular favorite character name being Genghis Cohen -- but the plot became so convoluted that I just kind of gave up trying to figure it out . I think that was sort of the point , though
 I 'd been meaning to read this book for a long time , and I realize that it 's considered a `` classic '' , so I was surprised and disappointed when I finally got around to reading it . Basically , Holt describes various situations where children are playing and learning . If I had n't already observed the same kinds of things with my own children , maybe this would have been enlightening . If you 're someone who 's spent time with young children , I do n't think you 'd get much out of this book . Perhaps if you have n't , then it might be interesting .
 I think this book was a very boring book . About 1/2 way through it started to get better . it gives a good discription of the Holocaust from a different view of things . I feel this book did start to get better but cold not make up for its awful begining . I would n't buy this book if I were you .
 The hidng place is a very slow book . Although , once it starts to pick up , you might start to like it , but i did n't . This book was a waste of my time . I would never have read it if my school had not forced me to . The writing is actually very good , but the plot itself takes a long time to establish itself .
 The hidng place is a very slow book . Although , once it starts to pick up , you might start to like it , but i did n't . This book was a waste of my time . I would never have read it if my school had not forced me to . The writing is actually very good , but the plot itself takes a long time to establish itself .
 I do not like this book . It is boring and I do n't understand the people . This book is to long and hard to read because it is so boring . I do not like this book and I wish we did n't have to read it .
 I choose this review because the book sucked and i wish i never read it dont ever read this book
 This book is not very good , but you might like it if you are a very religous person . It has a lot to do with God and beaing thankful for every thing . It 's a very slow start and much of it is ` nt well written . There 's too much foreshadowing . Over all it 's ok , but not great .
 This book `` The Hiding Place '' by Corrie Ten Boom offers a great story , but the author 's slow pacing makes it dull and boring . What can be said in 2 sentences is said in 4 paragraphs and I 'm not kidding .
 I was most impressed with the service of Amazon . I purchased the book online and had it sent to my Mom in Florida as part of a birthday present . The service and delivery time was very prompt ! Excellent book ; a must read ! Five star rating out of five stars
 The book took FOREVER to get here . I mean like , weeks . It was in good condition though .
 The book was not how it is shown . It had a white cover and smaller harder to read . I was disappointed
 I first read this book in the mid 1970s when I was a teenager . I enjoyed it then and decided to read it again last week . WOW . This book is so dated ! I think it was dated back when it was written ! The tragic mulatto is a thing of the past ! Toni Jenkins is advised by her father in the late 1960s -LRB- ! -RRB- to pass for white . He was not proud of his Blackness and therefore gave his daughter no Black pride . As a biracial woman , I know that it is important to be proud of all facets of your heritage . Poor Toni Jenkins , as she is torn from marrying her -LRB- White -RRB- FIRST COUSIN , who knows that she is Black and is OK with it or marrying a White advertising exec . When the exec finds out that Toni has a Black father , his true colors , no pun intended , appear . Toni herself is quite shallow and unlikeable . She flits around from school to school , from the cousin to the advertising exec and then back to the cousin . She turns herself inside out to conceal her Blackness from her husband . When she finally gets to meet her Black family , she sees them as stereotypes - because she really does n't know any Black people . Helen Van Slyke can write - it 's an entertaining , fast moving story , if you like soap operas . Yet it is unsettling to read a tragic mulatto story in 1999 .
 I was amazed that this author , who wrote about the injustice of racial prejudice , referred to homosexuals in this book as `` limp-wristed . '' All my respect for what she was trying to achieve went right out the window . What an ignoramus .
 Whoever has my book , hope he/she enjoys it . I borrowed it from the library and finally decided to buy it .
 Boettner 's book presents to the world some of the sloppiest scholarship on record . The cited references to scripture do not in many cases actually support the author 's claims . Citations to those passages from scripture which do not supportive the predestinationst polemic are absent , leaving the reader with no informed way to decide .
 I have read a number of books that outline Calvinism -- in its various shades -- and musts admit that the logic of their arguments are very tight and usually the books make for an enjoyable read . However , when I go back to the scripture , the whole system seems to fall apart . The whole theme of Hebrews and much of 2 Peter deal with the apostasy of a believer -LRB- s -RRB- -- not ` apparent apostasy or a scenario that could never really happen to a real believer ' -- but true bonifide apostasy!I could go on and on but I no longer see the point . For the Arminian view has truly won out in the arena of ideas . I have come to realize that 1 -RRB- True Calvinist are rare and hard to find within Christendom and 2 -RRB- they have become the theological Amish of the protestant world-fun to look at but never really seriously considered by the thinking world of the protestant faith .
 we bought this book but were disappointed because it really was not aimed at parents with kids . it was just a general dog book . it was aimed more for a single person getting a dog . there wasnt ' much mention of kids and there needs at all .
 not a very good book about dogs . my big beef -- photos are tiny . You can hardly see what the dogs look like .
 While I 'm a big Avery Johnson fan , this book -LRB- writing quality , typos , organization -RRB- is simply not at the professional level . The writer -- and editor , assuming there actually was one -- did Avery a huge disservice . It 's actually quite an embarrassment.It 's not as if the book contains nothing of interest to readers ... it does . Good basketball info and behind-the-scenes content -LRB- most from his days with the Spurs -RRB- is included.I 'll continue to hold Avery Johnson the basketball player and person in high regard . But Avery `` the author '' needed more help than this .
 When I read this three years ago in college , I found it at first interesting , and then maddening . Even more maddening was my experience on a trip , when I met someone spouting the ideas in this book . I read Babar as a child - and I am NOT a colonialist , or anything like . He says , however , that in reading such stories I was indoctrinated as a child . He villifies our childhood comic books , and blames them for the mistakes that people in our country have made as adults . This book is written for the sort of people who think that `` The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn '' teaches racism . If you think that , sure , pick the book up . If you DO N'T - then the book will only offend you .
 I was really looking forward to this book because it was suggested in Patricia Craige 's book , &#34; Born to Win , Breed to Succeed , &#34; which is a stellar read if you 're looking to breed a line of dogs . This book covered some in the early stages about specifically building a line of dog and what it takes , but detours sharply into generally coverying the physical side of breeding dogs . I do n't want to know how to care for a pregnant dam , I wanted to learn about genetics , strategy , etc , but that was barely brushed over .
 While this book did have some good information , much of it was outdated and in serious need of an overhaul ! The vaccination section is antiquated at best . I found serious fault with the writer 's view on `` barbaric '' ear cropping but she seems ok with `` culling '' newborn puppies for mismarking ! A new breeder would be better off with another information source . Those already with a solid background in breeding/showing will find useful information in this book .
 Rothenberg 's 1994 book claims to have supposedly `` debunked '' the `` myth '' between creativity and madness based on his `` new findings and old stereotypes '' that many geniuses such as aristotle have proclaimed a link between the two for thousands of years . He states that previous studies linking bipolar disorder to creativity were biased and a link to schizophrenia is nonexistent . He bases this on sketchy evidence with nobel laureates where there responses to a creativity test called a word association test had a slightly different response style then psychotics . He then comes to the narrow conclusion that creativity is mostly based on juxtaposition and homospatial thinking which he contends is the part of the test that nobel laureates have scored high in and psychotics did n't based on the results of his word association test.However , since then a rigourous longitudinal study has come out in a book called `` The Price of Greatness
 Oh , PUH-leeze . What a way for a publisher to get money . Make an abridged audio adaptation of a written novilization of a movie ? 3 products , same thing -LRB- more or less -RRB- . Do n't spend your money on this . Go buy the book novilization . It 's written well , and if it 's the collector 's edition , it has pictures from the movie .
 This was my first Jennifer Cruise novel and selected because of the large number of positive reviews . Writing was smooth but I did n't really enjoy the storyline . Fat girl gets hot-hunky guy who enjoys watching her eat ?? I consider myself a ` fat ' girl -LRB- I 'm about 40 # overweight -RRB- and I would n't consider dating a guy who was smaller than me or kept offering me doughnuts !! The heroine tried on the hero 's shirt and could n't even button it because it was too small on her.I enjoy other author 's ` fat ' girl romances , such as ` Wishes ' by Jude D. and ` Night Play ' by Sherrilyn K. because the heros were BIG hot hunky guys and were n't determined to watch the heroine eat . I plan to try to another of Ms. Cruize books and hope for the best .
 I bought this book as an ebook for my Kindle , and could have not been more disappointed . It 's such an excellent book , but whomever put it into ebook format did not even bother editing it before putting it up for sale . The paragraph formatting is messed up , words like `` I 'm '' and `` I 've '' , frequently are messed up as `` Fm '' and `` Fv '' , and there is missing punctuation , spaces , and on occasion , entire words were somehow translated into numbers . Do n't even bother wasting your money if you want this as an ebook , because it 's nowhere near worth it .
 As the story opens , Minerva Dobbs is being dumped by her boyfriend in a bar . Later Min hears her ex making a bet with Calvin Morrisey . David bets that Cal can not get Min into bed within a month 's time . The bet is $ 10,000 . but Min thought she heard $ 10 . Furious , Min decides to use Cal for a month because she now needs a date for her sister 's wedding . When Cal introduces himself and asks her out to dinner , she accepts . During dinner she realizes that she may not be able to hold out against this handsome man and decides to scrap her plan but fate will continue to throw these two together.I read another book by this author entitled `` Welcome To Temptation '' and I did not like it . I will always give an author another try so when I read the first chapter of `` Bet Me '' , I thought I was in for a good read . Well , halfway through I was again bored with these quirky characters . I am not a sourpuss or a prude and I love `` Sex In The City '' but all these characters really needed to get a life . Min is voluptuous and is constantly bemoaning her weight . Min 's mother constantly reminds her about her weight . Cal is a hit and run lover who can not commit to a woman . One friend , Bonnie is living in a fairy tale world . Min 's sister , Diana , is not a happy bride . Min 's mother is a pain in the butt . Cal 's mother is a self-centered witch . And we hear the same things over and over and over . The love scene finally arrives at the end of the book and that also is a big letdown.I now realize that there is no sitting on the fence with this author . You either like or dislike her work .
 Wow , is this bad ! What a waste time ! You ca n't care about the characters because they are so brainless and in-humane you ca n't make a human connection . Jennifer , you can do better than this .
 I do n't normally read romance novels , but I 'm in a book swap club and we were challenged to pick something that we would n't normally read . I found the story pretty far-fetched and the characters all sounded like the same person . All the voices seemed like slight variations of the main character . As long as the author was just writing story , it was an okay read , but as soon as the dialogue started , I really had to struggle to keep reading.It also probably does n't help that I 'm a statistician and the main character is an actuary who uses `` statistical terminology '' in her everyday conversations . I 'm pretty sure the author did not study statistics , because this is how I imagine a non-statistician thinks statisticians speak , but the terminology was all wrong . But this is a point that probably wo n't bother most readers of this book.The number of times Krispy Kremes and chicken marsala are mentioned were irritating . Ca n't the characters eat anything else ? This took place over a four week period and how many times did Min have chicken marsala ? It had to be 2-3 times a week!I also found the shoe references pretty awful . When I think of a cool impractical shoe , I think of 4-inch Manolos , not clear plastic mules with molded cherries.I really found it hard to believe the author was a New York Times bestselling author , but I guess romance books are read more for the fantasy than as great literature . In truth , my idea of fantasy is more Sex and the City than this . This seemed more like a very weak Bridget Jones imitation .
 I had never read this author before , just knew she was popular and I wanted a light read -- picked it up at the library . I could not get past the middle of the book , and that was a struggle to reach . The book was just extremely boring , full of tiresome cliches and unlikeable characters . The main character is thoroughly repellent and not admirable in any way . There is no motivation whatsoever for the male character to be interested in her . This is typical fairytale bad romantic -LRB- ie `` date movie '' -RRB- garbage where some very unpleasant woman is pursued by some guy who loves her anyway and they all live happily ever after . This is not decent character development or writing . I do n't know how the author got a job at a university , but I imagine she is laughing all the way to the bank by the money she gets from these formulaic novels with low standards . The `` snappy dialogue '' is typical of current poor-quality TV sitcoms , and is not how people in real life ever talk . This is just a book of one-liners and dislikable characters , and the author should go write for TV shows .
 Although I am enjoying this story , the transcription errors that riddle this ebook version are driving me crazy . &#34; I 'm &#34; routinely comes through as &#34; F 'm &#34; or &#34; T 'm &#34; . There are many other typos that appear to be the result of scanning the book and then failing to check the spellings that resulted . This indicates lousy quality control . The publisher should be ashamed , and Ms. Crusie should demand better treatment of her work .
 After waiting for over a year for a new Crusie , Bet Me was a big disappointment . The gimmicky plot was bad enough -LRB- A grown man still betting on whether or not he 'll score with a woman ? Give me a break ! -RRB- , let alone the cloying cutesyness of the unending props , but what really killed it for me was that I simply did n't like these people . With two minor exceptions , they were whiney , immature , bitchy , bitter , and boring . The minor exceptions themselves were drearily smug . Not even Crusie 's trademark style can save this one . Too bad .
 This was an engaging , light read . Crusie is good at writing snappy dialogue , but I could not get past her choice to give her 2 leading characters the very old-fashioned names - Minerva and Calvin ! I kept imagining my grandparents , which frankly is not a picture you want in your head when you 're reading a romance novel !
 I am such a huge fan of Jennifer Crusie , I have read all her books with true giddy excitment . Unfortunately this book did not give me that feeling , it was so bad I started to skim through the book , I have never done that with a Crusie book before . I almost felt like crying that was how upset I was with this book , I have re-read all her books several times , so me saying one of her books are bad is very tragic . I know I must sound so dramatic , but she is my favorite author and I feel I have been let down . I hate to say this but I will be very cautious about going out and buying her next book .
 The book was adorable for about the first 10 chapters ... then it 's a spiraling descent into stupidity and repetition that could only end when one throws the book against the nearest wall . At first the story was witty and the characters so true-to-life . The one liners had me laughing out loud . I loved the heroine and rooted for her all the way . Then suddenly it all went wrong . The one-liners became annoying and the focus of the story went off course . Crusie writes with the sole purpose of creating a life her secondary characters ... which boggles my mind . The story was then focused on Min 's sister and her wedding . The main characters ' relationship was never fully developed and Min went from being lovable to obnoxious . Cal developed into a pathetic guy with a puppy dog mentality of `` I like big women . '' The constant , and I do mean constant , references to Min 's weight were unnecessary . You loved her from the start for who she was , not what she looked like.Oh , and did I mention the constant advertising for Krispy Kreme donuts ? Chicken Marsala ? Elvis Costello ? Julia Roberts ? Did I mention the jokes and the food references getting old ? Again and again?And one more thing , the bet was the most confusing plot I 've ever read . I 've never heard of someone losing a $ 10,000 bet and chasing after the winner with a check to pay him off . If I had lost that big a bet , I 'd change my phone number and stay out of sight .
 This book is so lame . I bought the Kindle version out of the rave review and the cheap price , but I could n't believe I was reading a crap like this . It 's full of cliche and unrealistic plots and characters . I love reading romance and enjoy watching romantic comedy movie , so I understand it can sometimes consist some coincidences and events just to add that romantic spice . And I think this book has a good potential to go on a movie if it were not so ridiculous and stupid . The characters are one dimensional and the entire story is surrounded with a silly bet , which is alright if the author can develop more depth on her story . The lines just keep jumping from Cal and Min and their silly friends , with coincidences and trashy comments . I gave it two stars for its sometimes funny lines , but other than that this book is totally waste of time . I would have gone for Sophia Kinsella over this .
 I know I am a very small minority here , but I did not like this book . I found the characters to be flat and boring.Min 's food fetish was annoying and , I must say , somewhat offensive . Why is it that the character without the perfect body is obsessed with food and has low self esteem ? Is it not possible for a chubby woman to have interests that do not involve taste.Other than the job , which was purely background , Min did nt have a whole lot going for her . Did she travel ? What kind of books did she read ? Did she have any interests at all ? I think her friend was right in saying that she brought nothing to the relationship with Cal.Cal was o.k. , though he suffered a similar lack of character development . We know that he is gorgeous and likes to hit and run , but what else has he got?The writer did not show enough of either character to get me truly invested.I do not regret reading this book , but it was my first and last by this author .
 I had read a lot of good reviews about this book , so I had high hopes for it . Now I am halfway through it , and do n't know if I can force myself to read the rest . It is so BORING . They do and say the same thing almost every page . Minerva -LRB- wth is up with that name ? I know they explain it , but still ... -RRB- and Cal somehow keep winding up together , even though they say they 'll never see each other again . Then all they do is eat and Cal thinks about how sexy Min looks when she eats . Yeah . And Min is bitchy to Cal , but he does n't seem to mind . Then there are the ridiculous characters of David and Cynthie , who are plotting to break them up . The obvious `` evil doers '' to create problems for them , I guess . One of the worst scenes in the book is when Cal and Min are on a picnic , and every time Min opens her mouth to speak , Cal shoves a piece of doughnut in her mouth . I do n't know if that was supposed to be sexy or funny , but it just grossed me out , and I would be pissed if someone did that to me . I gave this book 2 stars because some of the one liners were almost funny , mostly with Minerva 's mother and sister . In conclusion , do not buy this book unless you like reading the same thing over and over .
 The story started off ok but it did n't take long for me to wish it would hurry up and be over . Just could not get committed to the story or the characters .
 Because of all the 5-star reviews , I thought this book would be a fun , romp-y kind of read . In reality , it 's one of those `` throw the book at the wall '' experiences , except I was reading it on an E-reader , so definitely did not to break that just because I hated this book so much . I do n't venture into this realm of `` chick lit '' often , but it 's a guilty pleasure , so I thought `` why not ? '' Here are some reasons : - trite writing - annoyingly contrived situations , like the two protagonists -LRB- Min and Cal -RRB- caught kissing by Min 's best friend , Liza , and she hits Cal with her purse . Who does that ? This happens 3 times in the book , and is completely ridiculous . - Min sarcastically calls Cal `` charm boy '' to his face because she does n't want to be swayed by his charm . Yup , that is annoying too . Who says that ? Where did Crusie even come up with this term , meant as a put-down ? - the food references . Just because Min is `` roundish '' she 's on a diet all the time , and Krispy Kremes seem to ever be in arm 's reach . It 's tiring that Krispy Kremes become the short-hand for all things sinful . Hearing about someone 's dieting is about as entertaining as watching paint dry . Been there , Bridget Jones . - ugly shoes . Min is supposed to have `` great taste in shoes '' and Cal notices . Unfortunately , her killer shoes are bedazzled with plastic cherries , floppy flowers , and plastic fish . No guy , no woman would call these ` great shoes . '' - Cal chides her about being a risk-averse actuary who probably has a plain black cell phone . She in turn thinks that he is one of those guys that needs to have a `` bell and whistles '' type of phone . I read that this book was published in 2010 , but was written a lot earlier than that , but please , EVERYONE has a smart phone now , and even before that , phones were getting sleeker . Crusie 's editor should have red-flagged this point , because it 's just a stupid point in the book that makes you question the writer and her lack of inventiveness here . - two-dimensional , annoying parents who are not developed at all - Crusie write a line about `` her bra was so sheer it was probably illegal in several states . '' Last I heard , Victoria 's Secret does ship to all 50 states , so not sure what this line even means . Lazy writing . - Min is not a very sympathetic character because she distrusts everyone , all the time , but this distrust is meant to endear us -LRB- the readers -RRB- to her if only she could see clearly how much Cal is in love with her . Blech ! - a situation at the end where Min 's ex-boyfriend David calls parents , sisters , and best friends and tells them that Cal is seducing their daughter `` right now '' and to get over to her apartment , and they all actually do . She is 33 years old . Horribly contrived scene . Cal and MIN are ALWAYS interrupted and are never alone , which is frustrating , because they never get the opportunity to iron our their differences.I gave it two stars , because I like a smattering of the characters
 This book was so ridiculous I could n't finish it . The bar scenes the pick-up lines the author described were so trite and phony I felt like it must have been a flash-back to Studio 54 . I honestly do n't think the author has ever experienced the bar/pick-up/dating scene . It felt as though she was writing about what she thought it would be like and certainly not from any personal experience . I found the situations so unbelievable I laughed out loud . Do some research next time , Ms. Cruise because believe me you are way off base here . I gave it one star because I liked the cover . Read The Devil Wears Prada or the Nanny Diaries instead .
 This book is every overweight girl 's fantasy in print . The author must have pitched this book to the publisher as `` Plump plain girl lands gorgeous successful man - and I have included much product placement for Krispy Kreme donuts -LRB- maybe we can get them to pay us for advertising -RRB- '' . The plot
 I always thought that people tended to stay in their own social econonmic level ? Not in this fantasy ! Cal happens to be partner in his own business , recieved a Porche for graduating high school , parents are loaded , get the idea ? Min is overweight , Cal is perfect ~ yeah right . The story is Predictable . Pretty much it 's dialog between Min and Cal . I purchased this book because of the reviews , which were positive , boy was I wrong .
 This could possibly be one of the most poorly written books I 've read ! I knew it would be fluff before I read it -LRB- perfect for an airplane -RRB- , but this book hit a new low . It is poorly written , with difficult to follow characters and it 's boring , boring , BORING . Save yourself a few hours and find another book .
 Maybe it 's me , but I do not like men who bet , even jokingly , as to whether they 'll get a woman in bed . That pretty much blew it for me .
 I am a avid reader , but in opening this book , the story is so confusing and you ca n't keepup with all the changes and down right boring . Worst book I ever bought . I flat cound n't finish it .
 I ca n't believe I even lasted to page 218 before giving up and tossing this book into the recycle bin . It was predictable , unrealistic and painfully boring . I wo n't be trying another Jennifer Criuse book anytime soon !
 I wish I could say I liked this book ... then I would n't feel so bad about the $ $ I paid for it ! But in truth , Bet Me by Jennifer Crusie was a real disappointment . The characters felt so one-dimensional , especially Min 's mother , who existed as little more than a one-note cliche . A lot of the conversations read more like scripted banter , but one really stuck out to me as not ringing true at all . When Min and Cal were discussing weight and Cal went on and on about how men love to touch soft cushy women and women do n't realize this and worry about being thin . He said something like `` women get skinny for women , men do n't care about that stuff , '' and I was just rolling my eyes ! Please , that sounded a lot more like the author 's FANTASY of what 's true , it was totally oversimplified , but more annoyingly , the whole conversation just struck me as fake . Not to mention , Cal is a man in his mid-30s actually betting with the guys about how fast he can get Min in bed . And this is supposed to be the `` hero '' of this story ?? NOT !!! Ugh , I just could not get into these characters or their shallow lives ! If you have an ounce of maturity , I would skip this one .
 As such , `` Bet Me '' makes occasional leaps from the inane to the bizarre . For example , when the protagonist sees her sister in her wedding dress , she thinks she looks like a `` sex-crazed princess on heroin . `` I 'm not sure what exactly a sex-crazed princess on heroin would look like , but a bride is n't what comes to mind.The author would do well to rethink the dismissal of Hawthorne et . al. that appears on her website .
 -LSB- spoiler alert ! -RSB- of course , of course . All the characters are paper cutouts and you know it all in chapter one . Way too predictable . Though this does have the spin of fat girl gets the cute guy !
 I think my takeaway emotion from this book was kind of bemused annoyance . To me the plot devices that were issues to the characters never seemed like things that would be issues to me , so I spent most of the time thinking that they 'd gotten themselves worked up for nothing . Usually authors make a point to illustrate how these things that are supposed to be irritated irritate the people they bother , but the book depends to much on you agreeing with its characters . It wants you to be like , ' I know , right ?? ` People are ` sassy , ' or in this context , ` unnecessarily irritated by everything but pleased with themselves about it . ' Mostly it just featured people I could like well enough but just not care to much about . Some conflicts were interesting , but they were ultimately flimsy or resolved fine enough.But then at the end there 's this weird doughnut-centric sex scene but then also her parents arrive and ... well . For that scene I started out understanding it and by the end it seemed somewhat out of character , and the two leads were so smug where the whole book they 'd hated each other so i felt people were entitled to be somewhat surprised they were having doughnut sex at the end.So yes I did n't dislike it and it was enjoyable enough to read but there was n't really anything I latched onto or loved about it . That 's the thing , having read it a few months ago what sticks out in my mind are a few random scenes and a few character details , but the main plot detail that kept them apart and hating each other the entire book has been lost from my mind . I do n't know if I 'll ever be inclined to read it again myself , but to the voracious romance novel reader I might recommend it .
 Sorry , but what happened to this author ??? She used to be witty and interesting . Now she has gotten so lame . The contrived humor , the one-note characters , the gimmicky plot devices . I used to love her work but the last two books have been real stinkers ! Also the stuff with Min 's mother reminding her about her weight kept falling flat because these were n't remotely well-crafted or nuanced interactions . Instead , Crusie keeps beating us over the head with what we 're supposed to find funny . I wish someone would tell this author to stop trying so maybe her books would feel natural again .
 I do n't read a lot of `` chick lit '' -- but I do love Jennifer Cruisie . Cruisie 's wit shines through in her characterization , her dialogue , and her ability to laugh at situations she 's doubtless been in , through her characters ' eyes.All of that seems missing from `` Bet Me '' , her latest . I 'm told it 's an older manuscript that got polished for publication -- but much of what I enjoy about Cruisie 's work is missing . There are no really likeable characters here , especially in the parents of lead characters Min and Calvin . In terms of romance and sexual situations , which Crusie excels at - you can get warm reading what Calvin thinks about Min , but you really ca n't see much real passion from any of the other characters for their various partners . The characters I hated included Cynthie , David ... and I was pretty impatient with Bonnie and her outlook on fairy tale lives -LRB- although her proposal to Calvin 's friend was witty -RRB- ... and Crusie went on and on about Min 's weight , her self-consciousness , and her carb count . Truly , this book was an advertisement for Krispy Kreme donuts and chicken Marsala.Crusie can do much , much better , and I 'm looking forward to her next work of original , and not reworked material .2 stars - I really would n't bother , if I were you .
 After I read Bet Me , I thought ` been there , done that . ' It seems like the author combined ` Fast Women ' and ` Welcome to Temptation , ' and threw in some new music -LRB- Elvis -RRB- and fairy tale stuff . There 's the little kid and the baseball game , the three tight women friends , someone gets hit with something , the frozen mother and so on . And speaking of the frozen mother , it would be so nice to see this author portray a woman in her fifties as something other than an ice matron or manipulative or frozen or unfulfilled or incomplete or dead below the waist . When you think about some of her older female characters -LRB- Gwen , Liz , Nanette , Cal 's mother , Maddie 's mother -RRB- Crusie seems to perpetuate these stereotypes of the woman over fifty .
 I found BET ME to be a big disappointment . Populated by cardboard characters , it lacks charm and wit . I hope she 's getting paid by Krispy Kreme because it 's mainly a glorified ad for them .
 After looking over the other reviews , much to my surprise , I realize that the vast majority of reviews of this book thought it was great . I found it to be childish , ridiculous , and a predictable waste of time . I found the characters to all be caricatures of unlikeable personalities . I felt like I was watching a bad skit on Saturday Night Live as Jennifer Crusie tried to add what was supposed to be humor , but read like slapstick shlock -LRB- e.g. one character repeatedly whacked the male lead with her purse ; there was one scene where all the characters unexpectedly showed up at the same time at the female lead 's apartment -RRB- . I 'm sorry I did n't follow my first -LRB- and continuous -RRB- impulse to stop reading . The end did n't justify having to endure all the cliches , caricatures , and ridiculous scenes .
 This was one of the most boring books I 've ever read . The story line is/could be cute but the writing is horrible . Too many he said / she saids and details that do n't help to develop the characters .
 If I had friends and family like Min , I would have told them where to go long ago . I found it hard to believe that a 33 yr . old female put up with so much from them.I usually love most of Crusie 's books but this was not a favorite . I did n't like most of the characters and thought they were nuts .
 I started the book thinking it would be a great escape from reality . Well , it was and it was n't . It seemed as though the author was trying to write both Bridget Jones 's Diary and Sex and the City ... but she did n't quite pull off either . Do n't get me wrong , it was a somewhat enjoyable fantasy book , however , I am not going to suggest it to any of my friends .
 I 've heard a lot about Jennifer Crusie and looked forward to this book because it was supposed to have a `` voluptuous '' heroine . The storyline sounded cute and so I waited and watched and finally bought it in hard back , which I very rarely do.I 'm very disappointed because in complaining about her size -LRB- which Min did OFTEN -RRB- , she indicated that a size 8 was a couple sizes too small for her . That , in my mind , makes her maybe at the most , a size 12 . A size 12 is not a big woman , it 's an average size woman.Next , I found myself almost repulsed at how often Cal FED Min , like it was some kind of fetish . Min complained how her mother told her to not eat and then Cal turned around and ordered her to eat -LRB- the buttered roll scene ? -RRB- . What 's UP with that?I also disliked Cynthie and David and felt those characters were extremely one-dimensional . Sadly , the `` gang '' -LRB- Bonne , Roger , Liza , Tony -RRB- were all just as bad . Then there were the mothers ! Ca n't even begin to comment on them ! And let 's discuss Diana ... what was she so upset about all that time ?! The resolution to that question was a waste of our time.I 'm sorry , I really wanted to like this book . Unfortunately , I did n't and I wo n't bother reading any other Crusie books . : -LRB-
 This book looked very intriguing when I saw it on the shelf at the library . It contains short biographical sketches of twenty of history 's greatest composers , concentrating solely on the aspect of their spiritual beliefs , and how those beliefs impacted their music.There are definite strengths and weaknesses to this book . It 's quite easy to read , and offers some interesting details about the lives of these fascinating musicians that were n't covered in any of my music history textbooks . The citations and bibliography are very thorough , which I enjoy in a book of this nature , because it lends credibility and points in the direction of further reading about the composers who most piqued my interest . It 's also an absolute gold mine of quotes , providing fodder for many a Facebook status update!Kavannaugh also devotes time correcting popularized misconceptions about some composers . For instance , we encounter a much more historic portrayal of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart than his unflattering depiction in the movie Amadeus , which won 8 Oscars in 1984 -LRB- including `` Best Picture '' -RRB- but was notoriously bad history.On a whole , though , the book missed the mark for me . I had high hopes for a book that would demonstrate how the beliefs of composers of all spiritual persuasions and levels of devotion were manifested in their work . Many of these men were very conflicted and troubled ... how did their devotion to God -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- impact their music ? Is there an observable difference between the work of devout Christians and the work of , say , someone who devoted his life to one of the Eastern religions ? These are questions that greatly interest me.Unfortunately , the author chose instead to write a very superficial book , attempting to fit each of these composers into the mold of Christian orthodoxy . We are led to believe that all twenty musicians in this list were Christians , and this is meant to inspire those of us who are Christian musicians to take pride in the Christian heritage of our art.I , for one , believe that we have all the inspiration we need , without having to exaggerate this heritage by giving a rosy and inaccurate picture of great composers who were more than likely not true believers . After all , it is our God who is the Creator of music , and the giver of every good gift ! What else do we need ? Upholding as Christian examples men who had profoundly unbiblical ideas about God such as Richard Wagner and Frederic Chopin tarnishes the testimony of true followers and lovers of Jesus Christ such as J.S. Bach and G.F. Handel.A quick and interesting read , but take the author 's words with a large grain of salt .
 The central idea that this book presented was initially very fascinating to me , but upon reading it , I realized that what the author does here is to omit obvious , well-known facts about the lives of many of the composers in order to present a very clean-living group who supposedly were very religious . For example , Richard Wagner 's repeated adulterous relationships are not even mentioned ; Franz Schubert was a homosexual who died of syphilis , but in this book there is no mention of his sexuality , and he is said to have died of `` typhus . '' Truth is the victim of the biased viewpoints presented in this book .
 As one reads this book he must be alert to know the truth . Mr. Kavanaugh writes from a very broad and quasi-Christian viewpoint . His conclusion is that the majority , if not all the composers he writes about are Christian . He assumes all music written by these composers to be without flaw . As near as I can tell he believes that music is amoral . That is , he believes that music can not be right or wrong . This idea is at odds with the supposed Christianity of these composers . Oh , I 'm sure many of them were believers . I can tell you though that not all are . And so you see my dilema . I love classical music and reading about the composers . However , I do n't enjoy having to sift through a bunch of rubbish posing as spirituality .
 Not worth the money . My first impression is that the author merely wanted to crank out another novel , and hope that sales would be based on his previous excellent work . Thank God I did not waste money buying the hardcover edition . `` Boring '' is the most charitable thing I can say about this book .
 Wow , what a way to kill a series of books . I doubt Griffin even read it , let alone co-authored it . The characters are flat , the storyline is boring . What is the plot ? On going characters from earlier books are simply left out or they are only mentioned briefly . Do I even bother reading the next book ?
 This is the worst book in this series . It is filled with boring needless descriptions . Either one of two things happened :1 . W.E.B. 's son wrote it and he does n't know how to punch it out , or ,2 . W.E.B. himself felt pressured to get out the book and just filled pages with trivia .
 Though I 've enjoyed most of Griffin 's earlier work , The Saboteurs is really pretty bad . These newer works of Griffin seem to be published without an editor ever having glanced at the pages . It seems that Griffin thinks as long as he can fill the pages with his alcoholic characters pouring drink after drink , his fans will continue to buy his work . That 's it for me , I 'll never buy another of his books.W.E.B. , Truman was n't sworn in as VP until January 20 , 1945 . Who 's doing your research ?
 Just an overall very poor showing for Junior as co-author . Have n't been too impressed since . I 've read every single one of Senior 's books and have thoroughly enjoyed them for what they are , fictional rendering of loosely based history centered around an overpriveleged gregarious main character , be it spy , marine , aviator or cop . They are fun mind candy and worth the price . This one was n't . Junior 's second was n't either . I 'll keep reading , hoping that Senior is around long enough to teach his son enough to continue the legacy .
 I would have given zero stars if that rating were available . I have read over twenty of Mr. Griffin 's books . Usually I ca n't put the book down until I finish it . `` The Brotherhood of War '' series and `` The Corps '' series are excellent . This entire series has been mediocre at best . This book was absolutely TERRIBLE . Do n't buy it or waste your time reading it . I 'll try another series from Mr. Griffin , but anymore like this one and he has lost a reader and a fan .
 This is a plodding , badly written book , with endless descriptions that serve no other purpose than to fill in the space allocated by the publisher . There is no sense of finality , no plot , and no excitement . Made for the money , I suppose , or to give junior a leg up in the business .
 This skimpy shallow effort is a classic example of either laziness , greed , ineptitude , or a nasty combination of many . Usually talent skips a generation , and Daddy Butterworth should know better than to have his son pitch in with such an effort , then get egg on both faces and lose much of the value of the elder 's franchise.All I can say is that I was disappointed -LRB- it ends in mid-plot -RRB- and happy that I took this one out at the public library . That is to say , I would n't buy it for any price , and probably will be kicking the WEB Griffin habit pretty fast .
 I agree with the first review
 Does not measure up to earlier Griffin novels . I suspect he had little to do with the writing -- only lent his name probablyBoring . Much detail about life in the US in 1943 and most of it wrong -LRB- I remember those times -RRB- . A few exmples
 I can but echo Jerry Sapperstein 's review . I , too , have read all of Griffin 's book and have also reread a few . This one is obviously NOT Griffin . Griffin 's economy of words goes a-begging in this one . Extremely disappointing . Do n't bother with it .
 This book was not nearly up to Griffin 's original standards . His name may be on it but I suspect William E. Butterworth IV , whose name also appears as an author , must have done most of the writing . Character development , plot , and overall qualilty of writing are not what I would expect from a Griffin novel . Characters which have appeared in earlier books in this series appear again , but it is just not the same . Griffin either needs to start writing himself again or get out of the business . His cohorts do n't have his talent .
 This is not second rate , it is third rate at best ! Griffin is going downhill at a supersonic speed !
 I have been a fan of W.E.B. Griffin for many years and generally buy the hardcover rather than waiting for the paperback . This time I made a mistake . Griffin is obviously trying to pass the baton and the income from his franchise to his son . However , while Griffin is good at character and story development his son is not . In this book the German sabatours in the U.S. , who should be the cream of the German intelligence operation , do stupid things so they conveniently get killed off . There are a number of instances of happenings which beg to be developed which just are n't . Particularly , the hero facilitates the escape of a number of Italians from the clutches of the Germans . This just happens with no associated story development . Needless to say I was disappointed .
 I am a veteran , a pilot , a professor and a former cold war warrior . I have been a great fan of Griffin 's books because they were technically accurate - although his knowledge of instrument flying is twenty years out of date -- and they remind me of situations I have been in and of people I have known . The Saboteurs is a disappointment . Mr. Griffin 's books were interesting in part because the characters were real and that may be because he was writing from personal experience based on people he knew . The characters in this book are flat.A very minor point ; in the previous books , Eric Fulmar was not illegitimate . I can only infer from this that Mr. Butterworth needs more supervision . Still , it was a fun read and one can only hope that Mr. Griffin will be a more active participant in writing the sequel .
 The old man is getting old and he 's trying to set his son up to be a writer . I get it . But what it completely irresponsible is that WEB would n't groom his son to take over his legacy . And even more reprehensible is that Butterworth did n't study his father 's craft in order to maintain the high writing caliber and crafted storytelling . Butterworth obviously was told to write some chapters , and WEB just stuck them in to make it look seamless . I do n't know what 's worse
 ... but I 'm actually dumber after reading this book . 0 stars .
 I have read every book authored by W.E.B. Griffin . I almost could not believe that he wrote such a poorly constructed novel . Then I saw that now he has a `` co-author '' . The co-author did not help this book . The story was disconnected , characters weak in their development and lacked any form of tempo . I can only hope that the fault lies with the co-author . The only alternative is that my favorite authors are just getting too old . I saw this in my youth as C.S. Forester , Alastair McClean and Graham Greene lost their touch . Maybe it is I that is just too old .
 I 'm a great fan of Griffin , but not a great fan of authors collaborating with others , even their family . It seems too much like wanting the sales without the sweat . In this case the plotting is good , but the flow , rythm and tricks of the trade that Griffin brings are lacking . It 's proof once again how good Griffin 's work is and how sadly in this book he is missed . Too bad .
 Griffin has been one of my favorites for years . This book however is a sad disappointment from such a wonderful writer . Why did he even bother to publish it?Clumsy throughout it leads me to believe Griffin did not really write this book .
 After reading some of the other reviews I feel like I 'm guilty of `` piling on '' , but this latest effort of Griffin and his son , Butterworth , is a poor relation to other books by W. E. B Griffin.I have every novel written by Griffin on my library shelves having read and reread everyone of them . This latest extension of the `` Men at War `` series is a complete disappointment.It seems contrived , very weak , and incomplete as opposed to the page turners normally published by the author .
 This was nothing but an attempt to cash in on an old series he abandoned twenty years ago . At least a third of the characters were left out -LRB- what is happening with Jimmy and Cynthia ? -RRB- and it was just a short , contrived dissapointment . The rich story lines and character work that I have come to expect from Griffin were nowhere to be found . A waste of time and money .
 I 've read ALL of the Griffin novels and normally keep checking with Amazon for new releases . I immediately bought `` The Saboteurs '' even before it was released . When I received it in the mail , I immediately thought something was wrong . The package was not as bulky as it usually is with Griffin books . When I opened the package I immediately noticed the book was about half the size of a normal Griffin book . That should have been the first clue . I finished the book , and felt that I was robbed of the other half of the book . The story ended aburptly and that made the book a waste of time ... Sad .
 I 've read a great deal of Griffin 's novels and have enjoyed his writing but I was most disappointed in Saboteurs . He builds great characters only to unceremoniously and quickly kill them off leaving you to wonder why he spent so much effort telling you about the character . The title characters are sacrificed seemingly early in the story . About 20 pages from the end , as a second story develops , one wonders how it can possibly take place in the remaining pages . It does n't . Instead of the great storytelling one expects , the writer breezes over the storyline to a rather abrupt conclusion . I 'm sure there 's a sequel in the works , but I wo n't be buying it .
 All Griffin books are pretty much the same , and I 've read them all . This one lacks a cohesive beginning and a decent ending . It 's like they cobbled it together out of other stories , parts deemed not good enough for past books . They were right . The resolution of this story , both of the saboteurs and the Sicilians are laughable , and implausible . I 'm glad I got this one at the library , because if I paid any money for it I 'd want a refund.This is for die hard Griffin fans -LRB- like myself -RRB- and even then , not for all of them . At least I got some sun at the pool when I read this .
 After 20 years , this book clearly shows that the master of military fiction/history has allowed the torch to be passed to his son and clearly posses little if any of his dad 's skills . From the basic story , which is o.k. to the descriptive tools -LRB- weak at best -RRB- , the story ends with nothing . It just ends , as though the author had something else to do and did n't have the courage to say good bye to the listener . It 's horrible . I really hate to see this book and having waiting for a new book every year or two for many years , I now dread another -LRB- which I 'll buy as well I 'm sure -RRB- . Any reader , who has followed any of his five series , will be greatly saddened by this book ; I 'm sorry for the great writer , William Butterworth , we 've come to know and love as `` W. E. B. Griffin '' -RRB- .
 I have read and in many cases reread 28 W.E.B. Griffin novels . I 've grown accustomed to his usually marvelous blending of historical fact and pure fiction , tight plots , believable characters , powerful narrative
 WEB 's books are always a mixture of great character development -LRB- we CARE what happens to those people -RRB- , history , and action . This book was almost all character , some history and the barest taste of action.The character portion was abysmal . No real development on any front -LRB- except one minor cliff-hanger -RRB- , lots of cameos and recaps of past novels in the series and paper-thin newcomers -LRB- who certainly wo n't be in future novels -RRB- . The history was based on one fact and a lot of fiction around it . One has to suspend normal levels of disbelief in order to accept the coincidences.As for action , the major event promised throughout the story takes place in the last 20 pages . Butterworth seemed to be in too much of a hurry to cash his advance check . His father would have taken 200 pages to make that portion real and exciting.If this were the first Griffin that I 'd ever read , there would never be a second . As it is , I 'm so enamored with the various series I 'd probably give Butterworth one more chance . However , I 'll buy it used or take it from the library , rather than rush to pre-order .
 This was the weakest of all of the W.E.B. Griffith books that I have read . I think the co-writer of this book was really the primary writer on this one since it really did not feel like Griffith 's other novels . The character development was lacking and the `` heroes '' of this novel were really by-standers throughout the book . I never really felt involved with them and they were never really involved in coming up with the resolution . The resolution was through the stumblings of the villains and not anything positive by the `` heroes '' . I felt that the `` heroes ' were not even the main characters of the book . Overall , a very poor imitation of Griffith 's past works . PLEASE write the next one yourself !!!
 Do n't waste your time nor money on this `` short story '' . Griffin , sadly , is going the way of Tom Clancy and his Op Center fiascos . Using his name to foist another writer and this book upon his loyal readers reeks of greed . As a devoted fan of Griffin , I never hesitated to buy any of his novels , but this ends that knee jerk faith . Once the excessive descriptive verbage is stripped away , the plot and story line is simplistic and uninteresting . This is a sad departure from entertaining books such as The Corps .
 Big , big disappointment . Not up to standards . Just ends with about a half dozen subplots unresolved . I assume the son wrote this book -- at least that 's what I choose to believe . If Dad wants these series to continue -- and we readers hope he does -- then find yourself a good co-author and do n't have your son continue . At a minimum , get him a good editor .
 As a long time reader of Griffin , I would say this is his poorest by far . I have read and re-read the Corps and Men at War series several times and always feel warmed by the characters each time . I felt let down by this effort . I can only hope that Butterworthless wrote this while Dad was out of town . The characters are barely tollerable much less believable , the plot very loose and the ending should have taken another 200 pages . I really he hope he gets back on track .
 I am a great W.E.B Griffin fan . I have enjoyed most every book up until now . It was difficult to follow at first when the time line went from Feb to Mar then back to Feb without any real reason but to follow the two story lines . When my wife mentioned that this book must not be as good as all the others because I keep putting it down , I had to agree . Most of the others kept my interest and they were real hard to put down.The plots could have been more exciting . The Germans could have been more interesting . Fulmar could have started back at the beach where the young man Coast Guard man went missing . Then at the bar when the bar tender/friend was killed after thinking things were not right . But this was once stated and moved on . Investigation into the crime was not started it was just assumed they were out there doing bad things and that the FBI or the OSS would catch up with them . Then to have two blow up in a train and two shot by the Mafia because they did n't pay ... boo hiss the OSS did n't have anything to do . Then to start with the Sicily thing and the yellow fever but then dont ' say to much about it once Canidy got there , then throw in the nerve gas right at the last , that was lame . What happened to Oh whatsher name in England ???? Ann or is this where the next story picks up . She is safe and Canidy meets up with her again and bangs her again and leaves and she gets blown up again ... -LRB- what a future plot -RRB- Then meeting up with the Mafia in Sicily , after all the research and worrying that there would be trouble , Canidy walks in get the professor and walks out . Not too much of a plot there . Why not some adventure , some misunderstanding ... and then let Frank come into the picture and help . Geeee I almost want to change my name to Butterworth so I can help W.E.B with his next book . I am sure it would be better than this one . -LRB- The key is with all these bad reviews , no one is going to want to buy our used books . -RRB- Better luck next time Griffin . I too will read the reviews before I buy the next one . I bought this one on preorder , now I wish I had n't . Hope this helps anyone who reads this .
 I have read all of Griffins books and have enjoyed each and every one . This `` book '' is a complete joke . The promised story about Sicily is an afterthought at the end of the book . There is no character development and subsequently I did n't really care about what happened to them . Of course because nothing really happens we do n't need to care what happens.Griffin should be ashamed of himself for putting out a piece of junk like this with his name on the cover .
 Prior to purchasing this book , I first read the other reviewers ' comments and was all set for a major letdown . Unfortunately , I was n't disappointed.I first got turned on to Griffin 's works with the Badge of Honor series . I had grown up in the Germantown section of Philadelphia - home to the 14th District , scene of many of the antics of Matt and others in that series - and many in my family were cops . I myself was a police officer for nearly 12 years , and these books really resonated with me , particularly the settings in neighborhoods and places that I 'd long since left . I moved on from these books to the Brotherhood of War series and was initially quite pleased.However , while reading one of that series , I detected many errors and discrepancies with characters and locations , leading me to believe the novel was `` ghosted . '' I 'm sure it was , hence the `` correction '' novel , `` Special Ops . '' The most glaring example was the consistent reference to Camp Mackall as ` Camp McCall ' . Anyone who ever served any time in Fayetteville knows what the reservation 's name is and what goes on there . So , whether his son , WEB IV , or some other author ghosted it , it was pretty obvious it was n't the original.I next moved on to the simultaneously published Corps novels , and again enjoyed them quite a bit . In particular , the McCoy character is the ` everyman ' we all long to be , but most of us can not . The satisfaction received by living vicariously through a fictional character in a series of books we enjoy is particularly relishing . However - and speaking of eating something with relish , another of Mr. Griffin 's pet phrases - there are many problems that show up in this series , too.I 've read all of the series books many times over . As an author myself , and former network television producer , I find crisp , clear writing stimulates me to do my best , so I read other works a lot . But each time I pick up one of these books , something else , to be quite frank , peeves me off.There are numerous - far too numerous that any copyeditor worth their salt would miss - errors in spelling , names , locations , dates , ranks and many other seemingly arcane details to be excused . How , for example , does Ken McCoy move from having a sign outside his home in Tokyo reading Cpl. McCoy to being Capt. McCoy within a few pages , even before his pater familias Fleming Pickering has heard the story of McCoy 's being `` kicked out of the Corps '' in Book IX ? Other examples , of which there are many , have names transposed , and even one character talking to himself ! And whatever happened to the years 1943-1950 ? There was a lot of good stuff , interesting times and even better human interest-type plotlines left go when he jumped from the Gobi Desert to Korea.And so it was with some trepidation that I first picked up The Saboteurs . My anxiousness to read another great story - trying hard to forgive the mistakes , as the `` yarn '' was a good one - gave way to despair rather quickly . Caniday , a character I 'd come to like , although he could have used more development once moving to England , has descended into hell , suitably redecorated as a bathroom , according to many other readers . I found the storyline not fragmented as much as a series of short vignettes which , while seemingly related , really never gel let alone weave together . In short , the book became boring to read and a disappointment to own . I 'd rather have borrowed it from the library and spent my money on something else more worthwhile.While we 're on the subject of problems , I was wondering if anyone else picked up on the fact that Final Justice in the Badge of Honor series seems to have moved forward thirty years in time , even though the characters only age two years or so ? Laptop computers , high technology , NSA-like erasing software with multi-gigabyte drives ? Yet the originally books took place in the 1973-1974 time period , when computers were not on the desktop yet - and the smallest mini 's were literally still the size of a large executive desk . While it makes for an interesting detective story , particularly with the reliance - as often is the case - on high technology to aid in solving a crime , there really is no place for it in this novel , and I believe it was a device invented by whoever ghosted this book to cover for a lack of plot development . Matt Paine has become the Jim Kirk of the Philadelphia Police Department , `` spreading VD throughout the city '' as it were.It 's a shame to watch a revered sports hero hang on too long , unable to play up to the standards they and their fans set for them . It 's just as big a disappointment to see a favorite author begin that long , slow descent into oblivion . A good ghostwriter , son or not , should be able to follow the `` bible '' of the series and produce a seamless continuation.Where is Franklin W. Dixon when you need him ?
 I can see where Griffin attempted to shore up the writting in this book but the plot was weak , not sharp , and drifted . My recommendation to the son is not to quit the day job .
 I learned some things but man it was slow and disjointed . The audio book was especially cast wrong by the way they made Kennedy 's voice .
 He must have needed the money -- this was written with his left hand -- no suspense whatever
 If I had known that the audiobook release used a different reader than the voice from all the previous books , I would not have purchased the audio book.There is a legacy that was created with the voice used for all the previous books . It ` belongs ' and the expectations are that this is continued.It is a major disappoinment that a different reader was picked . Quite a let-down , I have to say .
 The book is poor . No suspense or follow through . The stories go nowhere . The characters are the same which is enough to buy the book . The prose seems mechanical . Much more description of the contents of a room or office then the content of the subject matter . Actually boring and reads more like 2 or 3 chapters of a magazine article then a stand alone nove.Mr . Butterworth -LRB- probably the real author of this book -RRB- needs a lot more editing and help . The best thing about the book is that my copy came in large print version . If the followup which I am reading now is as bad , Mr. Griffin will have to take charge again .
 You can tell that this book was not written by W.E.B. Griffin alone . It is not his style of writing which is uniquite and holds you attentive so that you do not want to put it down . I was quite disappointed in the book .
 This book is a grave disappointment . It appears to me that father and son each took a topic , wrote a few chapters and then randomly assembled them . There is no continuity , no connection and no excitement.I 've read everything he 's ever written but will now read the Amazon reviews carefully before buying another .
 I ca n't wait for a WEB publication . This book is , I really do n't know . A major disappoinment . It 's like a preview of what may come in the future . Little detail , little plot , just weak.Don ' t know what happened -- but a poor read .
 I was totally disappointed with this book . 300 + pages of nothing . I had read all of the Griffin war series and enjoyed them but this book had no real plot , virtually no action , and no real end to the story . If you like reading about coffee being served , drinks being poured , or hotel room decorations , you may like this book . What a waste of time and money .
 I was mightily disappointed in this latest book , purported to be written by my favorite author . Where did he go ? The plot was improbable , disjointed . The characters were forgettable . The theme , Our Patriotic Mobsters And How They Helped Us Win The War , is only of mild interest . I should have known that something was wrong when I looked at the author 's pictures
 A very disappointing book . After reading so many good books by Griffin in this series , this is a sorry excuse . There is no consistant plot line and after setting up the adventure in Sicily for the entie book it takes less than 10 pages to occur . There is never any account on how the hero gets his man . I can not believe that the state of ones bladder could so dominate the thinking of one individual . He should try Vesicare .
 I have read every book written by Griffin and I felt that it was painfully obvious that he did not write this book . I normally read his books very quickly , usually completing in a week or so looking for every opportunity to get in a chapter or two . However , with this book , I could not get myself interested or excited to read it . It dragged so much and there just was n't any suspense . Some parts were anguishing to read and I * gasp * found myself speed reading through parts so that I could move on to another book . I can not recommend it . I do however recommend his earlier series of , `` Brotherhood of War '' , `` The Corps '' , and `` Honor Bound '' .
 This was a real letdown from W.E.B. Griffin and William Butterworth 's previous efforts . It had way too many subplots going that never were tied together . When I was 7/8ths of the way through , I knew that I had been duped !! Really a disappointment !! If they are thinking that I 'll buy the next one to see how it all came out , I think I 'll wait and borrow a paperback edition from someone . It does n't deserve shelf space in my library !!
 I was so disappointed with this book . I 've read every one that he 's published and this one lacked the depth of character and the polished story line that has prevailed in the other books . It was like he was rushed to get this one published .
 I am a avid fan of WEB Griffin , I believe I 've read every word he 's put in print . This wanders around ultimately gets lost and is a waste of time and money . Obviously he did not proof the final book . Next time I 'll wait and buy a used copy , YOU keep your money ,
 This book reads as if it 's only half the story . It 's literaly half the length of Griffin 's other books -LRB- about 250 pages vs. a typical 500 pages -RRB- . It reads as if Griffin was forced to tack on a quick ending in order to meet a publication deadline . What happened ? My guess is that this book was largely written by his son who is a new novelist and perhpas a slower writer than dad . He could not finish the book on time , so the publisher made him quickly come up with an ending for the half finished book so that it could go to press on time .
 Did Griffin really put his name on this ??? I was ready to quit reading it four times , but continued because I bought it and at least wanted my money 's worth . And I think I should have been paid to read this ! Butterworth , what on earth have you been doing for your 25 years as a major newspaper and magazine writer/editor ? This is insanely bad writing ! As a man , do you really care what the wallpaper smelled like ? I mean , come on !
 I bought the book , read it and then sat down to write a review -LRB- never done this before -RRB- . Then I thought I would read what other people thought of it . I was very surprised to find a few -LRB- very few -RRB- who thought that it was a good read . I am WEB 's greatest fan ... read them all . This is awful ... not worth the paper it is written on . Flowery descripitons of every detail do not make a good book . There really is n't a plot or story line ... there is nothing !!! No doubt about it , someone else wrote it . Sorry for the son , he just is n't able to carry on the grand tradition . Major dissapointment !
 Before reading The Saboteurs , I re-read The Secret Warriors and The Soldier Spies . Only the used names were the same . Unfortunately , the characters were not and the story was highly unlikely . A poor attempt of one my favorite authors .
 I can not help but think this book was cranked out to just meet some deadline . We have all the usual Griffin characteristics such as several of the primary characters having more money than some small countries . All of the women are beautiful . The lower-ranking officer bumping the higher-ranking officer off of a flight . After reading these same scenarios in many of his other books , I 'm getting a bit tired of them . And maybe that is how the book was written - just grabbing a handful of existing scenarios , shuffling them around , and write a bit of new dialogue to fill in the gaps . This book also demonstrates another recent characteristic of Griffin 's books , namely the entire book is a build-up to some pivotal climax . Yet the climax itself is maybe a page long and extremely anti-climatic . I will agree these are never meant to be classic literature . But would it hurt to have someone else read the book before it is sent to the publisher ? Then maybe we would n't have to read about the taxi driver putting the cab 's transmission in Park . I really doubt many taxi 's had automatic transmissions in 1943 .
 I have read just about everything W.E.B. Griffin has written , and at least twenty of them I 've read twice . Having been a huge fan of the Men at War series and Dick Cannidy especially , I was SO happy when this book was released . Unfortunately , I have to say that I wish I 'd been left with the memories of an excellent writer , because the reality of this writing is that it is boring , repetitive , spends far too much time on every single detail with little time spent on the actual plot , and an utter disappointment . We all get older , and sometime talent flags as we do - but this book would have been better had it never been written .
 I am a great fan of Griffin . I 've read every one of his books , many of them twice or more . I been concerned that he 's getting old and the supply will stop . Apparently , he 's addressed this issue by bringing in the kid . Unfortunately , the kid ca n't write . While emulating the old man 's style , the story is boring , incomplete , and tedious . There really is no story . An excellent first chapter is never wrapped properly . We spend the whole book setting up our hero to go into action on Cypress , except it never happens . Such a disappointment .
 There seemed to be an inordinate time to set the various scenes -- sometimes too detailed ... This is not a typical WEB Griffin .
 As a avid fan of WEB Griffin its sad to report that this is not his work . Its a collection of pointless prose . The story line is absent , without destimation . There us no romance , honor , tension , clausable actions or solutions . Names of previous charcters are used but they are shadows , not real characters . The best I can say is that the type is big and the pages few .
 As the professional writers have already spilled the beans , I 'm giving nothing away to say that the two parallel plots : German spy/saboteurs at work in the U.S. and American agents setting up the invasion of Sicily by means of co-opting members of the mob is the core of this book . Griffin again falls back onto the FBI OSS rivalry and the old boy net of FDR 's government . The vision of the military and intelligence services as a playground of the rich and well connected , which has some grounding in actuality , is again overplayed . Those unfamiliar with the history may be a bit confused - but WEB fans are familiar with this internal conflict by now . The problem with this novel is that it stops abruptly half way through the central events . I fear what we have here is a set up for numerous shenannigans as Patton and Monty race to Palermo in a forthcoming `` Invaders '' or some such novel . Ah well , if the tale had been finished , this would have been a great beach book . I 'll wait until then and give it two stars for now , but reserve the right to add some more when I see the next half . Meanwhile , if you are going to buy this book , and if you are a WEB fan you probably will , try to negotiate half price .
 I 've always enjoyed these W.E.B. Griffith books and looked forward to this one , but alas , it was n't to be . This has different story lines that never seemed to come together . It 's like a series of short stories within the same time frame , but by 3/4 of the way through , they still had n't come together , and I flat gave up on this book . There are too many other books to read and enjoy .
 Like a few others who have posted here , I am not one to leave reviews , but this time I felt a compulsion to speak out after reading the newest novel with Griffin 's name . I am sad to see so many negative reviews , but at least I now know I was not in some advanced state of dementia when I read The Saboteurs . Never has a Griffin book taken me so long to finish , and unlike every previous novel where I have always been sad to reach the end and read the last page , this time I was disappointed that I had read it at all . I have always accepted there would come a day when the novels would end . After reading this novel , I would prefer they ended vs. evolving into this new style.I was pleasantly surprised to see this out of cycle release on the book shelf , as I am used to maybe one release a year usually in January . Since it had been a while since I had last read the adventures of Donovan 's men at war , I decided to pull the previous four novels off the book shelf and re-read each one to get up to speed . Then I began the Saboteurs , and quickly realized the author of this novel was not the author of the previous four . Had this been my first Griffin novel , there never would have been a second . Whereas WEB made you feel as if you were a fly on the wall watching all that occurred , his son moves the wall out of the mansion and into the outhouse.Case in point , WEB would make you personally feel the potential loss of a certain reporter in London , have you worried and make you ask your friends if they had seen her . The author of this novel barely gives it a side note , and then almost never mentions it again . And when it comes to the sexual liaisons Butterworth , um ... less is more.I could go on , but in reading all the other one star reviews , just about everything I wanted to say has already been covered , and unlike Butterworth I do not feel the need to go on ad nauseam about things that no one wants to read.I have to assume Butterworth will read these reviews , probably be stung by them , and hopefully learn from them . I will give the Griffin Dynasty one more chance , and hope the next Griffin novel is a return to the glories of yore.Wilson Meloy
 Having read and absolutely enjoying ever other book he has written , I was devastated by the poor overall quality of this book . W.E.B. Griffin DID NOT write this piece of junk !
 I bought this book because I had read an entertaining WEB Griffin book about a Luftwaffe pilot in Argentina.Unfortunately , it looks like WEB did n't write this book . It is absolutely terrible.There are 2 or 3 plot lines , all of which are pointless.One plot line includes German saboteurs in the US . The FBI and the OSS are after them independently . Who wins ? Well one set of saboteurs blows themselves up accidentally . The other set crosses the mafia , and is killed by them . So the entire subplot involving J Edgar Hoover , The FBI , FDR , and an OSS Agent is totally pointless . The mob is involved in another plotline wherein The Protagonist Guy -LRB- hereafter , TPG -RRB- wants to create an espionage network in Italy . It 's really just an excuse for stereotypical mob talk and toughness . After many pages , TPG goes to Italy and does n't require mob assistance . The entire subplot is thus pointless.In the first few pages of the book , a scientist sees bad things happening around him . In the last few pages , TPG rescues him . The 300 pages in the middle have nothing to do with this scientist . The rescue happens in about the last 4 pages . TPG walks though German-held territory without seeing a soldier , walks into the town , gets the professor , and they walk to the dock . In an unbelievable coincidence , a mob-related fisherman from NJ -LRB- whom TPG knows -RRB- pulls up RANDOMLY at the dock . Randomly . The scientist and TPG get on the boat . But as they are leaving the dock , TPG finds out that a freighter RIGHT THERE is carrying NERVE GAS . He leaps off the boat saying , `` If I am not back in 10 minutes , leave without me ... '' -LRB- * snort * -RRB- A few minutes later , the freighter blows up ! -LRB- There are apparently no guards and nothing is explained . This whole freighter thing happens in a single page . -RRB- But it 's been 10 minutes and TPG is n't back ! The boat starts to leave ! TPG jumps out of the darkness an onto the boat ! YAY ! And then TPG 's pickup submarine arrives 4 days early and picks them up at the wrong spot . What luck ! The End.Stinkarooni.And there is no suspense .
 I look forward with bated breath for each new book by WEB . WEB rates high as my favorite , then Clancy and then Cussler and then a gap to the rest . I have read all but a few of the Cop Series , and reveled in each . An old Marine I am still in love with the Corps Series , and even the Soldier Series . All of the series are great!But the Saboteurs not only falls short , it does not even leave the starting gate . Characters - weak at best . Plot - barely interesting . Intrigue - non existing . Ending - it just happens to run out of pages ... you feel nothing ended and there is n't any lead to another follow up book or masterful end to a villain.I hope this is not a reflection of the end for WEB . What ever Butterworth added to this book is unknown ... unless it is primarily his and WEB just gave his counsel . That would be even worse.Tex
 I was very disappointed when I received this bood to discover that it was not written by W.E.B. Griffin -LRB- William E. Butterworth -RRB- but was written by his son William E. Butterworth IV . I have really enjoyed W.E.B. Griffins writing style and could n't even read this one as it was entirly different .
 I am a fan of WEB Griffin , but the Saboteurs is a severe disapointment in so many ways . I did not enjoy the book at all . It 's one of those books that continues to bore and you keep reading thinking it will get better . It did ` nt !
 I 've read all of the Griffin books but the Badge of Honor Series and I felt Grifin took advantage of his readers loyalty with this book . The scenario he set was great but the story never went anywhere and the heroes never did anything . It was just a lead in to his next book
 I 've bought my last WEB Griffin book after reading everything he wrote for many years . The Saboteurs confirms that his recent releases were not accidents , they were in fact terrible .
 I can not begin to express how disappointed I was with the latest offering from WEB and son . I was scratching my head , trying to figure out just what was missing here.In all of Griffin 's previous works , his characters all sizzled with energy , the dialogue was appropriately * salty * , and the plot lines were almost ALWAYS a bit interesting . Sadly , none of these elements were present in this volume . Even the major protagonist , Richard Canidy , comes off as a * sad sack * . This COULD have been an exciting book , considering the element of German infiltration and sabotage in the eastern U.S. Even the young coast guardsman with a buttered sandwich did n't really help much ! That incident was probably written by Butterworth pere , and not Butterworth , fils.A sad conclusion of the series for me ... I gave it only 1 star , 'cause I could n't give it NO stars .
 If you think you are getting a Griffin story-DO NOT BUY this ! I have never been so disappointed in all my life . This is awful . Characters by name only -- plots are not developed ! Amazon should remove this farce from their inventory !!
 It 's too bad that Griffin has become a factory like Tom Clancy . I am certain he had nothing to do with the writing , and the only reason he lent his name to this book was for money . I doubt I shall ever read another `` by WEB Griffin and ... '' novel again , much less buy one .
 I ca n't believe Griffin would publish a story this bad , and calling it a story is being too kind . I guess all good things must come to an end . I 've had a lot of enjoyment from Griffin 's other books . I guess the time has come to read them again .
 I ca n't believe that Griffin would let his son get involved with his books . You can just tell the writing is all different . And Butterworth is n't a `` major '' newspaper editor like his bio says . He writes copy for the Boy Scouts . Talk about nepotism ! And misrepresentation ! I do n't care if Butterworth wants to be his dad 's bagman , but come on , do n't make us shell out our hard-earned $ for a book with Griffin 's name on it written by his no-talent son !
 I really was n't that crazy about this book . I love Danielle Steel , but I guess I like reading more of her stories about adult relationships , whereas this was focused more on young teenage love , trials , and tribulations . It was n't a bad book , if you are interested in this storyline , but for me , I prefer her stuff like
 I 'm a big Danielle Steel fan , but this book was way too predictable and I must admit , was a little boring ... I give it 2 stars just because I 'm a big fan .
 The gift is the perfect example of telling , not showing . The Gift tells the story of carboard cutout characters . A good father and a bad father . A storybook loving family and a PC vision of an unhealthy one.Her cardboard cutout characters are perfect and oh so dramatic , and always , always , always ! teary eyed . A cute little doll of a girl dies and no one , Steele tells us ad nauseum , `` can bare it . '' I could n't , anyway.This children 's story was tedious , clich&eacute;d and trite in the extreme , thus earning its five star rating by Steele 's readers . When Steele tells her fans to be moved by a story , they are.I was not .
 Ugh . My mother pressured me into reading any book by Danielle Steel , and I chose this one because it was blessedly short . This story was as contrived , predictable and melodramatic as any soap opera out there . I saw the ending coming a mile away . I would have been willing , even happy to admit there was a shred or originality in this story , had there been any .
 This is the first Danielle Steel book I 've read and the last . The whole premise was unreal . These people were 16 years old , for heaven 's sake , and Steel made them so mature as to be unbelievable . It was sappy . The ending was so unsatisfactory I have to wonder
 I just finished this book , and as much as I liked the story , it dragged on too long , and was horribly predictable . It was not the brain candy many of us seek , built boring and common characters , and seemed to be repeating itself . As soon as you read the back , you already know that she 's leaving the baby behind . And what ever happened when Maribeth left ? I never found out . But with the predictability , I 'd say she married that guy and had some kids . The book did n't really seem to be much about love , probably because the word showed up too many times . It 's easy to read , not much thought required . Good for ages 10-16 . Can be finished easily in a night .
 This is the first Danielle Steel book I have read , and it will be the last . Aside from the sappy , predictable story and elementary use of the language , the book contains -LRB- for me , at least -RRB- an egregious editorial mistake - Tommy thinking about Maribeth , page 158 of the paperback
 I 've seen Lustbader 's books around , never read one until I got handed a copy - I had known Japan and Asia were the mainstays of his books . `` Zero '' has n't aged well , written as it was at the tail-end of the fall of communism , 1988 . It reads like one of those run-of-the-mill action movies a la Steven Seagal , super-gaijin-turned-samurai with an unnatural understanding of mysterious eastern ways kicking Yakuza butt . Some of the dialogue is pretty bad , especially the conversations between Japanese people . Whenever a Japanese character is surprised they burst out saying `` Buddha '' ! I 'm living in Japan now , and though I 'm no authority , I 've yet to hear anyone say `` Buddha '' when surprised - usually they say `` kuso ! '' or `` chikusho ! '' your run-of-the-mill expletives ! I thought this was funny . Other than that , I thought the sex scenes were really cool - learned some new words for the female anatomy so this book ca n't be all bad . If you want a fair , cliched exotic Japan read , this might do the trick on a long trip - otherwise , avoid . Read Alex Kerr for the real deal !
 Picked this book up when I was on holiday in Australia and had nothing else to read . Michael Doss is like Nicholas in the Ninja novels but not half as interesting . The characters are almost as unbelivable as the plot . Do n't waste your time .
 Only the fact that I promised a friend I would read this book gave me the strength to struggle through to the end . It was because of my sense of `` giri '' or obligation that I subjected myself to this torture . But reading Lustbader 's clich&eacute;d novel you would think only `` The Japanese '' know what duty means . `` The Japanese '' are like this and `` the Japanese '' are like that - Lustbader thinks nothing of describing the millions of different people in a Japan in such insultingly homogenizing terms.Eric Lustbader sets up a Western/Japan dichotomy that serves no purpose other than to reinforce perceptions of Japan as the mysterious , unknowable `` other . '' This book mixes post-WWII stereotypes of alluring , exotic Japan with 1980 's fear and admiration of economic super-power Japan . Docile women in kimono waiting attentively on their men in tatami rooms and Japanese men ready to take over the world - Lustbader should stick to fantasy writing - for that is what Zero 's Japan is - a fantasy world . If you 're interested in learning about Japan at all , do n't expect this book to teach you what it 's like . While most people I 've met here in Japan are proud of their traditions , not everyone goes around studying `` the way of the warrior , '' wearing kimono , and doing the tea ceremony . In fact the only person I 've met here that comes close to fitting that description is an ex-pat from Holland.Not only does this book recycle old clich&eacute;s about Japan , its female characters are a joke . Women want to be men because they crave power and as women they have no power . I could believe it when Jo in Little Women wanted to be a man , but this book was written in 1988 . Even though he attempts to create strong female figures , their strength is undermined by his sexist , inane descriptions and awful dialogue.I could go on forever , but I feel like I 've already written a book myself . My only plea is - please do n't waste the scarce precious time you have in your life on this book . If you 're interested in Japan , why not read some books written by Japanese authors ? Murakami Haruki , Banana Yoshimoto , Natsume Soseki , Kenzaburo Oe and Yukio Mishima are just a few great authors to choose from . If you really want some samurai action watch old Kurosawa films , they 're awesome . I recommend Kitano Takeshi films for more modern yakuza/police stuff . `` Hanabi '' is brilliant.Sayonara .
 This is a sharp attorney who needs to bring this book into the 21st Century . I found several good ideas that seem to be making a difference .
 Just more lawyer talk . I got it from my lawyer and it did n't help then I bought this book and get it again and it still does n't help . This advice may help if you want to end up in court . Not good advice in any case . Take the time to find something with more hands on , and do it yourself advice .
 If the system is for the women already , then what do we do ? I blame the fools who never took responsibility for there kids . I 'm an 22 year old man , with a 2 year old son . I love this little boy dearly God knows , and there 's nothing that I wo n't do for him . But if the system is going to take everything from us as far as money , then how do they expect us to live then ? I understand the kids need to be taken care of , but the system needs to change . It really does . It 's very obvious that some men do n't take care of their kids , but the whole court system is blind to what these women are really doing . How many men are tking care of children that do n't belong to them , because of some womens evilness . My question , what do we do ? Men need to stand up and fight legislation for a change , to make the system fair . If you ask me the women do n't really care for the children , it 's the money that they care about . Take this scenario if a women already has a job paying enough money , then she recieves a big chunk of your check , it 's like an extra income for HER , not the child -LRB- ren -RRB- . The funds go towards new clothes mostly for the money , and expensive appartment , new car , etc. . While 90 % goes toward the mother , maybe , just maybe the child gets 10 % . Here 's the solution get educated Fathers and stay that way . No matter what this storm brings weather it .
 The advice this book offers has some points , but a word of caution
 We have watched others follow this advice and then with all their good efforts still lose . We need more input into the process . Finding and trusting a good attorney just is n't enough . We are going to keep looking .
 There are many useful books on this site to read and study concerning a Father 's Rights . Check them out and read each review carefully . It is too easy to get burned . Choose advice carefully and perform your due diligence.Don ' t be fooled . Do your research carefully and look for recommendations from people who have received proven results.Author has done good work in the state of Illinois bringing attention to Fathers ' Rights but his radio ad 's for a brochure are pure marketing gimmic .
 This book was highly recommened by the site , however I bought one for my son , as he is going through a bad situation . We both read this book . If you live In Virginia it may help you , however be prepared to be depressed as Father 's seem to have no rights in that state and none aparently in CT either even if the mother is on drugs and unfit , father 's have little if any rights elsewhere . I do n't know why the site highly recommended this book , it was n't ANY help at all !
 Good book to get motivated with examples of supposed real situations but lacks the nuts and bolts of getting custody . Does not refer to real cases . In order for a book of this nature to be a real tool in custody fights it would have to be very State specific . It is written in a very general light with good information , however this is subject matter that requires specifics .
 The book was pretty interesting and well-written , with great descriptions of Africa and its culture . The tone is refreshing , and there are several poignant moments . Unfortunately , I do n't think Mma Ramotswe is `` The Miss Marple of Botswana '' because the story does not have suspense , and the problem at hand is not a real mystery.First of all , mystery books have danger . Perhaps Miss Marple never finds herself in a life or death situation , but at least her murders are usually fresh and not ten years old . As Mma Ramotswe herself admits , the case is `` stale . '' I have n't read the other books in the series , so maybe those are more exciting.Also , I would expect a mystery to have clues . My favorite part of Agatha Christie mysteries is looking over the clues and trying to guess whodunit . In this book , they simply look up some old records and rely on `` intuition . '' Oooh , how clever !
 Yes , there is a nice description of Botswana -LRB- nice thoughtful softhearted people all , beautiful land ; AIDS ? What AIDS ? -RRB- . Even that becomes a bit tedious at times . After first seven-eight times even I did get the idea that a proper Botswana 's way to shake hands and to accept gifts is with two hands . It did not have to be repeated twenty three more times . Yet it was the best part of the book . Mystery solving ? Well , it goes like that
 This book is a coin toss . On one side of the coin , you end up with a true feel of Africa , the pace of the people , their thinking process . On the flip side of the coin , it is NOT a fast-paced mystery . It is predominately about the people and VERY , very slow-paced . Too many words . The ` mystery ' is thickly buried within . . you have to dig and dig and dig to discover the what the mystery is ... much less the ` solving ' of the mystery . Likeable people .
 After reading the first book which I loved I could not wait to read the second in the series and I was very disapointed . I found it did not have ebought mystery as the first one did . It focus 's more on the main characters life I liked that in the first book but now it 's just boring.I want more of her detective work . When they do have her detective work it 's good and it 's a page turner . Overall not as good as the first but I want to read the whole series to see what happends int he future .
 This book was a gift , and I 'm game for reading just about anything . I decided to give this book to charity by the time I finished chapter 4 however.I assumed there would be proper editing in such a popular book , at least consistent grammar and punctuation , but apparently not . The writing style is indeed smooth - so smooth that the narrator , the female detective -LRB- a Botswana native -RRB- , the male auto repair garage owner -LRB- & Botswana native -RRB- , and the windowed American who was married to a diplomat all have the same voice ! Excuse me ? I prefer characters who are unique , not ones I ca n't distinguish between.I also estimate that this book has about 20 % to 30 % more words than needed to tell the story , as it seems Mr. McCall Smith likes to add useless words for the sole purpose of making the book longer . He also uses words that do n't fit tertibly well - I would n't want my kids reading this and thinking some of these words were being used clearly.Not as much fun as Harry Potter , not as enjoyable as Hemingway , not as insightful as The Alchemist , and certainly not educational . Little better than a bunch of random words on paper . I 'm sorry my friend spent their money buying it for me .
 A real yawner ! It did n't help that the characters names were too difficult to remember .
 I am a huge David Lavender fan and when I found this work on Chief Joseph and the Nez Perce tribe I was quite interested to read it . Lavender 's works are noted for their rich attention to detail , pithiness and eloquence . But pithy this work is not.What sets the Nez Perce apart in Western history is their amazing war with the US Army , over 1,700 miles of mountain terrain , where they defeated the Army 's efforts at every turn until their final capture 40 miles south of the Canadian border . Initially ordered to report to a reservation , this was an extraordinary bid for freedom . Their war is one of those David and Goliath , against-all-odds stories that all Americans love where the underdog not only beats his antagonist but whips him mercilessly . Without this event , the Nez Perce would have been a small , non-descript mountain tribe , barely a footnote in US history , quietly eliminated by Manifest Destiny and local settler avarice . It is this , their amazing flight for freedom , which everyone wants to know about and that everyone identifies with . It is this , their amazing strength of character , which everyone understands when we hear the words Nez Pierce.For the author then to spend 250 pages of a 349 page book on the 70 years of tribal history that preceded this event is quite disappointing . Tribal history , no matter how engaging , is not why people buy this book . We buy this book to learn more about the actions of a truly admirable people who refused to go quietly into banishment for the outrageous crime of simply being Native American.Unless you are looking for the complete history of the Nez Perce interface with migrating Americans , you may find yourself frustrated with this work . The author simply takes too long , 70 % of the book , to get to the point , the significant backbone of Chief Joseph and the Nez Perce people . But if you do stick with it you will get to know a most remarkable man and a fine , indigenous American people who will earn your deep and abiding respect .
 At the outset let me state that if you are looking to learn about the Nez Perce or Nimi'ipuu -LRB- the currently official tribal spelling was previously spelled Nee-Me-Poo , while Lavender used Nimipu in `` Let Me Be Free '' -RRB- you are much better off reading other older , more reliable and valid books . If you can obtain a copy of `` The Nez Perce Indians '' -LRB- Garland Publishing Co. .
 I am not rating the book . No where to send my complain about sending me the two identical books . I have to use this column.Why send me two identical books ? Hopefully not charge me twice . And I 'll send you extra book back . Your web design is not user friendly . Probably too much ads cause the trouble .
 For me , sometimes the Cross novels become a bit too graphic with the violence , other times as in this one , even my imagination couldnt ' diffuse the graphic images in my brain , I found it tough to read .
 This is not a book that James Patterson is capable of . Extremely disappointed . It seems to go on and on just babbling on inconsequential matters . I lost sight of characters and plot .
 He lost me with this Alex Cross book . I 'm really getting tired of Alex 's guilt trip and him doing nothing to fix it . His family is in danger and he goes out to save the world . Someone should sit him down and tell him to prioritize . Did n't like this one .
 It 's a fact that most terrible books are terrible for one of two outstanding reasons . `` The Sword of Shannara '' stinks because it 's such a blatant ripoff . `` The Stand '' fails on account of being a disorganized mess . What makes `` Big Bad Wolf '' so stunning is that its badness knows no limits . Patterson fails in every single area of writing . Other than Robert Newcomb , I can not think of any author who is so completely and totally unaware of the most basic rules for good writing.The chapters are only two or three pages long . That 's two or three pages of large print with generous spacing , so the actual text of a chapter is really worthy about one page in a real book . Within that page , there 's virtually nothing . The writing is more like a plot summary than an actual plot . The narrator merely recites the events that occur , without the slightest trace of development . There is no subtlety , no care , no building of suspense.The characters are utterly and totally worthless . Alex Cross , the protagonist , never displays the slightest trace of any emotion , and has nothing remotely resembling a character trait . He is able to breeze through any event without any reaction whatsoever . He has no personality , no flaws , no hopes , no ambitions , nothing whatever to indicate that he 's a human being rather than a robot programmed to be bland . Bad as he is , the other characters are worse . The other FBI agents have no purpose whatever , but merely exist so that Cross can be annoyed by them . The villains are pathetically lame and about as frightening as a hamster . The victims of the crimes are portrayed in such a bizarre , manipulative manner that there 's no way to have any sympathy with them at all . The entire book is a wasteland , seeming populated by zombies.The plot is worse than the characters . While any author might stretch the truth a little , Patterson puts it on the rack and tortures it without mercy . We are supposed to believe that a criminal mastermind could and would sneak into a maximum security prison , break every bone in a mafia don 's body , and sneak out without being noticed . We are told to assume that a novice FBI agent would be pulled out of training after a few days to direct the Bureau 's biggest case in the country . We need to believe that a small child can crack world-class security codes , that a kidnapping could be carried out on a crowded boardwalk with nobody noticing , and that one man could run every criminal enterprise in the country for years without the police noticing . Frankly you 'd have better luck floating Mt. McKinley with a helium balloon than suspending enough disbelief to take `` Big Bad Wolf '' seriously .
 I think Patterson needs to take a vacation then return and write the way he did in Kiss the Girls which was the first Patterson book that I read.Cross as an FBI agent is in the loop , then out of the loop , etc. etc. without any explanation of why or who is doing it . You have to suspend your disbelieve as things just do not happen this way even with the worst of investigations . Wolf , the master villain , is unstoppable but never any explanation of how he does all the things during the story . He breaks every bone in a prisoner 's body in the middle of a maximum security facility with no explanation of how it is done ; just that the prisoner is found the next morning.Can you believe that Wolf drives by in a limo and takes a shot at the FBI and their prisoner and then the chapter ends and nothing is ever said about the shooting , a chase , road blocks , etc.This is another `` best selling book '' that should have been 200 pages that was stretched into 390 pages with generous margins and 117 chapter breakes generating a lot of white space.There were so many unexplained actions through out the book that I was not surprised that the end of the book had no ending . By this time I did n't care who the Wolf was or who his FBI `` mole '' was , guess those items and more will be in the next book .
 I think that Patterson has finally hit bottom ! It started with the Ladies club and now has ended with the Wolf . I guess you ca n't go on forever ...
 I think Patterson 's point to this novel is that some stories do n't have a resolution and you do n't always win . Personally , I prefer the conflicts I read about to come to a conclusion . Any conclusion would be good .
 A dozer . This book is lackluster ; severely lacking in both character and story development . Seems to me that Patterson has decided to rest on his laurels and churn out drivel for his fans . My advice
 What a disappointing book . I kept reading just to find out what happens , but the book ends without an ending.The various popular culture references come across as clumsy attempts to hook the reader . Very little character development . No real resolution of the major problems raised . Plenty of disturbing descriptions of creepy extreme BSDM people in action.All in all not worth the time to read . I guess that popular modern fiction writers can get away with cranking out drivel and still take the money to the bank . Do n't let it be your money !
 Being a Patterson fan and especially an Alex Cross fan , I was disappointed with the latest novel The Big Bad Wolf . The formula writing is just too obvious this time - or perhaps it 's time for a break . Alex Cross has been inducted into the FBI where he is unceremoniously taken out of his training classes to solve a kidnapping case -LRB- `` white girl '' -RRB- . This of course , ruffles some feathers at the FBI . AGENT DR. Cross without following any FBI protocol , creates enemies and friends during the course of the story.There are a ring of sickos who `` purchase their fantasies '' online in white slavery operation . The leader of the sickies is the Big Bad Wolf , an elusive character so evil and sinewy that you 'll never know his identity . It 's believed that he 's Russian mafia and former KGB . There are many twists and turns . There is also a brief cameo of Craig.I was mainly disappointed because the book was great all the way up untill the last 30-40 pages . After that , what a let down . It 's mostly entertainly , a very quick read , will keep you involved and then at the end - slam the pages in your face . My reaction was `` JP , you 're strickly writing a tv movie script '' , no more character development than this ? '' . Things just get wrapped up in a package too quickly . I wanted a bit more character development . I was also disappointed b/c some of the plot -LRB- pulling an FBI trainee out of class to solve a case , recruiting a nemesis felon for assistance , etc. -RRB- reminds me of another author who shall remain nameless.It moves you right into sequel mode - no answers until the next book.It has a rushed ending , almost as if he wrote it on deadline day . The book seems unfinished to me . I have no problems with reading series - in fact , I like series . I would just like for the first in a series to encourage me to read the next . I do n't care about reading the next book . What was he thinking ?
 James Patterson did not play fairly . This book is not even close to being complete.The story also has significant flaws . The Wolf demonstrates he has the ability to get to any perceived threat . However , he allows Alex Cross free reign.The story was also very choppy.Patterson continues to stick to the same boiler plate when writing these novels.Alex Cross neglects his family ; someone in the FBI is a turncoat ; his family is in mortal danger ; higher authorities undermine Cross 's attempt to resolve issues.With that being said , I now have to wait for the next installment of this novel . I would not read this book until the next one is completed . Waiting 6 months to 1 year for the remainder of the story is a real turn-off .
 I think Patterson must be getting a wee bit greedy . This book was left totally unresolved on two major fronts . You 're not getting me to buy another one , Mr. Patterson - your next book , I 'll be checking out from the library ! Other than a complete lack of resolution , it was a good , very fast read , but SO not worth almost $ 30 ! I 'm force fed reality tv if I want to watch network tv -LRB- which I do n't , since it 's mostly moron tv , if you ask me -RRB- ; I will not stand for it in a book in which I want to escape . I realize many things in `` real life '' are not neatly wrapped up , like they USUALLY are in books , but this was ridiculous . It 's like Patterson NEEDS us to buy the next book to find out what happens next . Thank goodness for JK Rowling , who I 'm going back to next !
 Told that this would be the best Alex Cross book , I eagerly plunked down the required money and began to read . At page 164 I felt like I 'd been ripped off . James Patterson , I believe , has lost it . He does n't know who he wants his audience to be . This book might appeal to teenage girls or older women . This is less a thriller than a story about Alex Cross and his troubles as a single father . Boring ! This is a slow paced story that finally picks up speed just as the FBI is ready to close-in and close the case . James Pattersons best books were his first , the first Alex Cross book and the two recent books he collaberated on . After reading this I feel he just loaned those two young authors his selling power and stuck his name on their books .
 The Alex Cross novels , much like Robert B Parker 's `` Spenser '' stories , is a victim Patterson 's own success . The series starts well , but as the novels are pumped out , the bad guys become bigger , while our hero becomes more heroic . As noted by another reviewer , the chapters are a paltry page and a half long . This gives the illusion of a `` real page turner '' but what it truly does is waste paper . The other `` pager turner '' device deployed is ending most chapters with a lingering question or an exclamation , complete with italics . Without those , the story does n't move well . The basic plot is fine . The coincidences and the happenstances -LRB- a 13 year old hacker comes to the rescue -RRB- are not imaginative . The internal struggles of Dr. Cross are forced . While there are action sequences , complete with gunfire , I never sensed that Dr. Cross was in danger . I only read the Cross stories out of habit at this point , but much like the Spenser novels , the early books are the best .
 I normally would not take the time to write a review but in this case , this book is so bad I felt compelled to write.This may be the worst audio book I have ever listened to . I dozed off for a couple of hours in the middle of the book and did n't miss a bit of the non-plot . I ca n't believe I spent that much time actually listening to the whole thing . This is one of those performances that makes absolute silence sound pleasant.Patterson seems to have become a soap opera writer . I 've been a big fan of the Alex Cross series and have read every one . I would have never imagined that I 'd be buying into a B , no , a C class soap opera script . While nominally a detective story about his fight againts the Red Maffia after joining the FBI , most of the time was spent describing all of Alex 's personal problems , ranging from his self-doubt about joining the Bureau to NannaMamma 's lecturing to his problem with his ex-girlfriend and her lawyers.Meanwhile the detective plot rambled all over the place and lacked any credibility . The antagonists could seemingly move from coast to coast in an instant -LRB- chapter -RRB- without any interference from law enforcement even though they were wanted . What happened to all that security -LRB- SIC -RRB- at the airports ? They could sneak in and out of federal SuperMAX prisons at will . They could set up a sniping nest on the grounds of Quantico . Someone 's imagination gone wild.Possible spoiler , if this book could be spoiled anymore.The worst part , if I can pick a worst part from all the bad , they do n't even catch the bad guy and most of the good guys get killed or injured.To go along with the horrible book is the awful audio production . This one had all the fad components that is making me start to dislike audio books . Multiple , boring performers , bad sound effects , and playhouse music - just like a cheap soap opera . There are some hugely skilled performers out there that can make a plot come alive . None were present here . Maybe Time-Warner realized this book was a dog and called in the B team.The more I think about this book the more I wonder if Patterson even wrote it . It just does n't fit his style . I wonder if he had some flunky employee ghost-write it for him ? In any event , this one was so bad that I 'll never waste any more time nor money on Patterson .
 of time and money !! I surely will not even be tempted to buy his next -- he does n't get better , he gets worse ! I 'd bet the reading level is maybe -- 4th grade .
 Life is just too short to waste time reading a poorly written novel . The writing had no depth , the character interactions were shallow . The story just plodded along with the stilted gate of a robot . Crap , crap , crap and another heaping serving of crap . It was a struggle to read the first third of the book . I kept hoping maybe the next chapter would be better , possibly the next page . But it never got any better and I finally had to put the book down.I had been a Patterson fan for a long time and religiously read every Alex Cross novel that he produced . But I have noticed a rapid decline in quality in his last couple of novels and frankly I think this will be the last Patterson novel that I will ever read .
 As someone else said , Patterson just missed with this book . Another unsatisfying ending , with the bad guy not getting `` his , '' and the good guy getting the shaft . Needed another hundred pages or so to bring a few of those strings to a good ending . Probably going to be a `` Bigger , Badder Wolf '' in the future . Hope it ends better .
 This book offended me more than anything else . I love James Patterson books , but these last 2 Lake House and Big Bad Wolf were awful . I will never buy another James Patterson book . I might check one out from the library but I will never spend a dime on one.He seems like he 's doing a job he hates by writing this lastest piece of trash.I think he needs to take a break , breathe and come back and write the way he did in Kiss the girls.Do not waste your money on this book . I read it in 3 hours and was pissed off the rest of the day that I spent 20.00 on the book .
 This is the first Patterson book I have read . I checked out the reviews on Amazon , and had it recommended by someone as well . Unfortunately , I was quite disappointed.The best thing about the book is pacing . The chapters are very short , and so it is easy to keep plugging along . That is probably the only reason I finished.I ca n't see that Alex Cross really grows as a person or changes due to the roller coster he is on . He is who he is , and things just come at him . I prefer characters who grow and change in response to what life gives them , whether good or bad.The Wolf is this uber bad guy who is mysterious only in that he seems to be able to do what he wants whenever , and is never fully revealed . He is a cardboard character , plain and simple.Incidental characters are given a quick , telling -LRB- not `` showing '' us with creative imagery -RRB- description , and do what they are supposed to do . Nothing interesting about them . The character who disappears initially and kicks the story off is lost in the garbled ending - no exploration of what really happens.I 'm not afraid to read books with profanity , but he seems to litter the f-bomb around just to sound tough . Not impressed . Use the GIFT of language to portray the characters ' street cred next time , not just that they cuss well.Overall , I wo n't bother with reading more from this author . There 's much more interesting , well-written work out there .
 After this book , I 'm of the mindset to not read anymore Patterson . This was my 4th Alex Cross book , after Roses are Red , Violets are Blue , and Cat and Mouse . I loved Cat and Mouse and Roses are Red , Violets are Blue was just OK . But this . THIS piece of garbage is horrible . Everything just falls into place for Alex. He 's handed every clue/suspect on a silver platter . The fact that you do n't really find out who the Wolf is , is really annoying . I 'm tired of Patterson selling half a book for full-book price . Sell one book as two , make twice the money . Well , he wo n't be making any more of mine . At this point , I do n't CARE who the Wolf is or who his FBI `` mole '' is.Most unbelievable part of the plot ... when they catch `` Sterling '' and the Wolf drives by in his limo and shoots at the FBI and cops . The chapter ends , and you hear no more about anyone chasing the limo or even mentioning that they were shot at.My recommendation is save your time and money . If you want good investigation stories read Jeffery Deaver 's Lincoln Rhyme books .
 James Patterson has gotten lazy , and worse , disrespectful of his readers . Stephen King - infamous for treating his own readers like undeserving children - described the Alex Cross series as `` dopey '' and after choking down `` Big Bad Wolf '' I have to concur ; it continues the downward spiral of the last few additions . It 's almost as though Patterson is coming up with titles to match his nursery rhyme-themed series and then feels trapped into writing a story that will - sort of - match it . As a bedtime reader not looking for deep spiritual fulfillment or intellectual stimulation , I appreciate Patterson 's one-and-a-half page chapters , but I ca n't support the fact that he no longer writes in complete sentences , only in staggering bursts of phrase which wear one down and reverberate in a `` buh-buh-BUMP '' pattern in one 's head.A couple of books back when Christine gave birth while held prisoner in an island cave , I rolled my eyes . When she conveniently left the baby behind to `` find herself '' and because Alex 's job was too dangerous -LRB- huh ?? -RRB- , I snorted derisively . Now she sweeps back in and reclaims the child as though she 'd never left , and the courts says , Yeah , that sounds right . Alex is no longer - as far as this book is concerned , a psychologist , and his new status as an FBI agent has him alternately treated like a newbie grunt and then suddenly he 's in charge of every operation without finishing his orientation . The `` Wolf '' is described so inconsistently and with such comic book immortality that he is surely one of those escaped villains from Krypton in the `` Superman '' movie . If you are able to finish this novel - it 'll only take a couple of hours - you 'll be astounded with all the loose ends and the unabashed corruption of Alex Cross 's once-high morality . He does n't get laid in this book . Maybe he 'd behave better if he did .
 I truly cant understand what has happened to this author . This book is so bad in every way ; a simple plot , poor characterizations and dialogue filled with cliches . I cant even remember why his early books were considered good and why I enjoyed them so much because none of that remains . People who like books fast and simple should be able to breeze through this in a few hours , if that is what they want . Certainly his characters and writing style will make that easy , but not enjoyable .
 This was the first Patterson book I read . I liked some of it but this guy has a real problem writing women and children . A lot of what he writes is just plain dumb . Nana Mamma ?!?! Pu-leeze . That 's so stupid ! How many times can he mention `` Zamochit ? '' Just when things start to get good he STOPS writing . Like he doesn ; t have the guts to write about what evil people do to their victims . Get real . Mr. Patterson has good ideas but poor writing skills .
 I , like so many other James Patterson/Alex Cross fans , was anxiously awaiting this book , the next chapter in the life and career of Alex Cross . I was so disappointed in the lack of development of this book ! It had a weak premise , the characters lacked development , the actual `` dirty deeds '' were not even entertaining much less interesting , and even the personal story line of our favorite detective was , again , under developed . It was almost as if James Patterson had a ghost writer who just did n't get the personality of the key players nor the angle of suspense that Patterson himself has been known to deliver . I ca n't imagine anticipating the sequel . I know that as a loyal fan I will probably read it , if for no other reason than to hope that the return of the core Cross family will be more developed and realistic than in this book , but I look forward to the book after that when this story can be put to rest and , hopefully , the true James Patterson will again emerge .
 I truly cant understand what has happened to this author . This book is so bad in every way ; a simple plot , poor characterizations and dialogue filled with cliches . I cant even remember why his early books were considered good and why I enjoyed them so much because none of that remains . People who like books fast and simple should be able to breeze through this in a few hours , if that is what they want . Certainly his characters and writing style will make that easy , but not enjoyable .
 I should by have paid attention to the rating ` What A Waste Of Time , by A reader from Vancouver ' this book was not only a waste of time but a total waste of money . The ` no-ending ' is so terrible that it leaves you sick because you know that it is about the author writing and you buying another book to figure out ... James Patterson what happened to you ? You were a favorite ... less then one star ... sad James , sad .
 but I ca n't find enough good in this novel to give it more than ONE STAR!Once again Patterson takes a story that could be great and totally bombs it . Typical Patterson novel with the typical cliches involving women and blacks . He had to throw in his sexy no personality FBI agent who can shoot bad guys while on one knee or do the totally played out `` we traced the money transfer to an account in the Cayman Islands '' routine.All the while our ultra antagonist Wolf walks around with a 24 hour erection , breaks necks as if he is breaking a pretzel and uses lines such as `` I 'll huff and puff and blow their house down '' . Are there any other detectives in the realm of Patterson other than Alex Cross ? I mean , let 's get real . The FBI and even the NYPD have squads/teams whatever you call them that are solely dedicated to oranized crime , specifically ` Russian Organized Crime . ' Why would the FBI or NYPD have a burned out detective like Cross step in a play superman when I am sure that other agencies already have years of files and wiretaps on Wolf and his crew . I really do n't know . And if the Wolf is so powerful , why not just rub out Detective Cross . If Soneji was such a geek and almost was able to take out Cross , I 'm sure these guys could have made him disappear from the face of the earth with ease.I leave my review with two scenes in Big Bad Wolf because I feel that together , they sum it up .1 . Cross notices that one of the suspects has a den with a bed in it at his house and that the bed is not made . Cross comes up with the incredible thesis that the unmade bed in the den is implausible proof that this ` subject ' and his wife are having problems with their relationship . Because of these problems he has his wife killed .2 . Cross is pursuing a few players from the Russian Mafiya that are shooting at him . The one has blonde hair and is running along at a fast clip . As he 's getting shot at Cross still has the time to think to himself how he remembered that `` Great Russian athletes , some former Olympians , were recruited into the Mafiya '' . It 's elementary -LRB- school reading -RRB- my dear Watson .
 What a disappointing book!James Patterson has done such a poor job of writing this book , that you wonder exactly what he had in mind . The dialog is banal and full of cliches . The plot is unbelievable . The characters are one dimensional . Even the ending resolves nothing . It just seems to be setting you up for the next book in the series ... The main character , Alex Cross , is incredibly cliched and unbelievable.He is a bright young police officer , who happens to be black , who takes a job with the FBI . So far , this could actually happen in real life ... But Patterson has decided that Cross will be a super human , so ... - He was an honor student who hold a Phd . From John Hopkins . - He was a Psychiatrist , - He was also a police officer - He then decides to join the FBI - He does n't have to attend FBI orientation , because he is that good - He plays the piano beautifully - He is an ideal father - He is the perfect husband - Every woman he has ever been with is stunning . And brilliant . - He can leap tall building in a single bound . Well , you get the idea.The plot itself is almost incomprehensible . The characters are thin , and one dimensional and their motivations seem incomprehensible . For example , at one point a CEO for a very large corporation , and a very rich man himself , somehow decides to become `` the money man '' for sex slave ring . So he can pick up a few thousand extra bucks ? And make himself a target for the `` Red Mafia ? '' This just does n't make sense.Cross has an ex-girlfriend named Christine who abandoned their child because `` she was n't emotionally ready to be a mother . '' Well ... she comes back to claim their son , and inexplicibly wins a custody battle , despite no mention of it in the book . Until it is settled . You would have thought that a super dad might have shown up for that hearing!I honestly think that making black characters into `` super humans '' is just as racist as making them subhumans.Maybe Patterson is playing to some collective guilt , or he just wants to be fashionable ... . but he needs to treat black characters like they were real people , and not as cartoon characters . It matters little that Patterson makes his lead into a superman . It 's still a racist thing to do.This book was written on a Junior High School level , and is aimed at very gullible readers . All the dialog is banal and cliched . All the characters are weak . The plot is simply illogical.I felt cheated .
 I guess the last book I read with Alex Cross as the lead character was Kiss the Girls . That had some believability , this one is nonsense . How can a well know author put his name on such trash !! Do n't waste your time on this one .
 James Patterson used to write good novels . Then he becamefamous and now he forgot how to use the basics of writing.A good lead in , story and character development and anending that is suspenseful and COMES TO A CONCLUSION.The ending in this book reads like his agent phones himand tells him the proof copy is due at the publishersin thiry minutes , so get it wrapped up!He brings in characters that are never explained , endsthe book without telling what happens to some of theleads and has no ending -- seems he is just setting upanother book to be over-hyped again!We are done with Patterson at our house -- waste of timeand money -- same as happened to Patricia Cornwell.Bring on more new writers like Dan Brown and Brian Haig!B
 My name is Dr Alex Cross . I am the most perfect life form to walk this earth since the crust cooled enough for oceans to form . I have academic degrees out the bazootie , I am beautiful , more fit than an Olympic athlete , and I play jazz piano on the porch late at night and my neighbors never complain . -LRB- I never miss a note -RRB- Woman salivate at the very sight of my footprints . When I break wind , crowds rush to savor the fragrance . I have three kids . MIT repeatedly sends delegations of Nobel laureates to kneel and beg my big son to be president of their school , but I feel he should lead a normal teenage life . My daughter is even smarter and more beautiful . Every December we have her stand in the front yard instead of putting up Christmas decorations . People flock from miles around to bask in her glow . My little baby boy is so cute that he has been barred from the DC zoo ; last time he visited , two elephants , four giraffes , a hippopotamus , and a whole herd of zebras died of diabetes , he is so sweet . My mother is the greatest fount of wisdom and home cooking that this world has ever been fortunate enough to host ; we have s&eacute;ances so spirits can ask her for advice . However , a member of my family is guaranteed to undergo a terrifying , life-threatening disease in each novel , but they always manage to pull through . Whew ! That suspense can knock your socks off.My job is , I 'm a cop . My boss thinks I am a stupid idiot and always gets in my way as I ruthlessly track down evil genii -LRB- see how smart I am ? Did you know the plural of genius ? -RRB- When I finally track one down , I am apt to beat him to a pulp , shoot him sixteen times through the head , handcuff him , pour acid down his throat , weight him down with a refrigerator full of lead , and throw him in a shark feeding frenzy , but he will come back unharmed in the next novel to continue his depredations , because he is aided by an evil supergenius locked up in an ultra-security penitentiary . They communicate by means of psychic vampires . Those vampires are the most believable part of the whole series . Please keep shelling out good money to buy my putrid books , Lollipop .
 It seems that James Patterson either has a page quota or a book quota . When he hits the page quota he stops writing , left out the ending or he has a book quota and wants to sell twice to the suckers who would like to find out the ending.Shame on me for continuing to buy his books when so many of his recent efforts have been so unsatisfying.Stick to the early works which were outstanding .
 I honestly would n't waste your money on this one . The plot is weak and really badly developed , the characters are wooden and two-dimensional and the writing simple and boring.Even if you can overlook all these things , the ridiculously emotional language that is used to try and inject some interest into Cross 's family life is so bad that you will end up sniggering or gagging through most of the book.This really does not deserve to be published .
 I am a huge fan of James Patterson , and after reading this book I vowed never to buy another of his novels ! The story is all too familiar , too similar to his other plots ; it is simplistic and the twists are foreseeable The ending had me enraged . Please do not waste your money or time on this book !!
 If you are an avid reader of thriller , you would be disappointed with the book . The plot has been used by many in the past except James Patterson has used the new media - the internet as the basis for conducting the abduction.This is the first time that I have read a book by James Patterson . He has a distinctive style of writing short chapters so that the reader could read and stop at will . However , in this book , the events have turned for a sudden twist after three quarters through the book . A lot of unexplained events took place that were without rationale based on how James Patterson have built the characters and far too many things were unanswered . How could the representative of the Wolf , who was so ruthless and fearless surrendered so easily ? Why did the Sphinx hate his wife to trade her in ? How did the lady light herself on fire to be saved ? What has the cocker spaniel has to do with the plot?I feel that James Patterson should expand the book if necessary . No reader would mind that . There are books that contain thousand of pages and these are still best sellers . And James Patterson should remove unnecessary distractions like the cocker spaniel .
 Wow ! I have read most of Patterson 's books , including the Alex Cross group . This is the only one that thoroughly disappointed me . The plot was all over the place and the ending ... . Well for the most part , there was n't one . Confusing and sad . Sure hope the next book saves this dismal story . I have not talked to anyone who enjoyed this book . Everyone is allowed one mistake . Mr. Patterson , I hope this is yours .
 Well this does n't read like a James Patterson book , I wonder if he now has some one writing for him and putting the James Patterson name on it . If it 's not some one else then James my boy better start taking some more time in the writing process . Do n't waste your money on this book , sit back and wait on the next book by James Patterson and hope he takes some more time to develope the story line . Larry Hobson - Author `` The Day Of The Rose ''
 I normally LOVE the Alex Cross series and cant get enough of them HOWEVER this is one of the worst books I have ever finished . I 'm not sure where to start when explaining why I disliked this book so much . How about , lets see ... no plot . Weak story line . No revealing of the bad guy . No capture . Alex 's son is taken from him -LRB- why ? -RRB- . It had a two chapters about a totally dfferent story -LRB- the cop holding his family hostage -RRB- that had absoultely NOTHING to do with this story -LRB- or should I say if there had actually been a story . -RRB- It never has a conclusion as to who these people are or why they are doing these kipnappings other than to sell them to rich people . I was extrmely disappointed and only finished it because it was James Patterson and I expected it to get better and be as enjoyable as the other Alex Cross books . A coworker finished the book a day or two before I did and I called her immediatley . We were both shocked and hugely disappointed in this book . Come on Mr. Patterson ... dont disappoint your loyal fans ... we 're waiting for the next book and hope you can get back on track ...
 Very disappointing compared to Patterson 's earlier efforts . One fourth of the book is rehash of earlier stories . Another one fourth is an enjoyable mystery . The remaining one half is missing - still unwritten . Thank goodness I got this one from the public library and did n't purchase . Otherwise I would have felt cheated .
 I am almost finished with BBW and have been complaining throughout about the lameness of this book . I have had people tell me for years to read James Patterson , they LOVE James Patterson . Picked this one up in a garage sale for about 50cents . -LRB- Glad I did n't spend any more on it . -RRB- I 'm thinking I could write at least as well as this . After reading some of the other reviews , I 'm glad it 's not just me . The reviewers are saying what I 'm thinking but am unable to put into words . I will continue since I at least have to find out how it ends .
 I have read all of the Alex Cross novels and I can state that this is easily the most unrealistic , poorly written pieces of literature that I have ever read . This is likely one of the three or four worst books I have read in the past ten years . The characters are cardboard thin , there are plot gaps so wide you could drive a truck through it and a complete and utter failure in simple logic by the characters that was maddening and frustrating -LRB- * SPOILER WARNING * -- for example , if the CIA operatives could identify the Wolf , and were used by the FBI to eliminate one suspect , why did n't the FBI use those operatives to confirm the identity of other suspects ? -RRB- . My biggest complaint is that Patterson 's villains used to be at least marginally grounded in reality -LRB- i.e. , Soneji -RRB- . Now , beginning with Kyle Craig and continuing into this novel , his villains are so far beyond the norm that I find them to be more in line with comic book super-villains than interesting characters for a novel -LRB- not leastly due to Patterson 's infatuation with catchy nomikers , i.e. `` the Mastermind , '' `` the Wolf , '' `` the Sphinx , '' etc. -RRB- . Without getting into too much detail , it appears that Alex Cross will need to be bitten by a radioactive spider in order to solve this case , since the Wolf is unstoppable by walls , hordes of armed policemen , or armed FBI agents in the middle of a secured facility -LRB- all without any explanation of how it was done -RRB- . Move over , Alex Cross , this is a job for Superman!I can not stress enough how disappointing this book is . While Cross is still a fine character , that is due to Patterson 's much better earlier novels , which I would recommend , but I can not in good conscience recommend this book to anyone unless you are someone who obsessively must read every book in a series , in which case I at least recommend that you wait for the paperback .
 to keep listening to Patterson 's audio books . I have despised his books for years , but unfortunately , my library resources for audio books are very limited and I travel a lot . `` The Big Bad Wolf '' is about as bad as it gets . At the risk of repeating previous reviews , I must say that we 'd be hard put to find a more amateurish , unsophisticated , boooooring writer of best-selling fiction . The only thing Patterson has going is a pretty good imagination for a general plot . It 's all downhill from there.You will not find one original sentence or phrase in any of this guy 's books . The descriptions are hackneyed and bring to mind 5th grade schoolwork . All characters are one dimensional and stereotypical.The protagonist , Alex Cross , is the most perfect human being to have ever lived . We know this because we 're hit over the head with it over and over again , especially at the beginning of the story . Everyone throws compliments at him like confetti and superlatives abound . Of course , he takes it in stride because Cross is also modest . Perfect cop , perfect father , perfect son , perfect boyfriend . He must also be extremely lucky , since in this book he is able to bypass FBI prerequisites to get hired , skip most of his training , work on a major case , and get promoted all within a week or two . Wow!Not only is the hero a saint , but his children are well-behaved , beautiful and brilliant and his mother is the grouchy grandma with the heart of gold.Now , the victims are duly frightened and the villains truly villainous . `` The Wolf '' manages to murder his ex-wife at a large crowded party and escape without trouble or detection . For some reason , no one in the police or FBI is able to guess the identity of the killer . Huh?The holes in the plot -LRB- and I use the word generously -RRB- are too numerous to count . Some of the backstories are hinted at , but never followed through properly . But some things are just blatantly silly and unintentionally funny . `` The Wolf '' holds a kidnapped sex-slave in a closet , while living in a multi-million dollar mansion . What , he could n't afford a whole room ? The victim knows him as `` The Wolf '' . I guess he must have introduced himself before he raped her . But at least we know that there must lights in the closet because the victim has seen The Wolf 's very private tattoos.The dialogue is amateurish and ridiculous . The scenes between Cross and his family are nauseatingly saccharine . Listening to the cliched `` thoughts '' of the victim -LRB- and others -RRB- is worse than any soap opera on TV . I wish I could remember an example from the tape , but I found myself laughing out loud when I was supposed to by sympathetic . Patterson has no clue about how women think.I could go on and on with the faults of this book -LRB- and this writer , in general -RRB- , but it would require reading or listening again and I do n't have the stomach for it . Let it be said that Patterson would not know a lyrical , originally-phrased sentence if it bit him on the nose . And that 's just the tip of the iceberg.There are hundreds of writers out there in this genre who could write rings around Patterson . Unfortunately , the average reader ca n't tell the difference . May I recommend Dennis Lehane , Robert B. Parker , Lee Child , James Lee Burke , Eric Handler , and the list goes on .
 Patterson has thrown any attempt at character development , descriptive imagery , or even comprehensible narrative segues out the window in his haste to get from `` action scene '' to `` action scene '' ; BBW reads more like a hastily-written screenplay than a novel . The books in this series have never been masterpieces from a purely literary standpoint , but it did n't matter because Patterson was a great storyteller ; now it seems that that 's fallen by the wayside as well . The split perspective and false endings are wearing thin , there are minor inexplicable plot threads appearing from and disappearing back into the ether , and the glut of false trails , haphazard and seemingly random conclusions , and superfluous characters makes the book seem disjointed and crowded , not more suspenseful or interesting . Also , Cross is n't really doing any detective or forensic work ; what leads or breaks he gets are from people who are willing to talk , which is really what makes me wonder if Patterson is getting lazy , bored , or both . I want the old Alex Cross books back , the ones that took longer to write than to research ; BBW was a real disappointment .
 Well if Four Blind Mice was bad -- The Big Bad Wolf is pure trash . I 've read all the Cross novels , but in this one , I did n't care if he lived or died or found love or treated his kids how they should be treated . He was n't a character , he was a name on the paper . I cared about nobody in the book . And nothing ever really seemed to happen ... I thought it was just a slow start , and perhaps it still is -LRB- since the book is set up to have a sequel -RRB- . If you 're an Alex Cross fan , read it because of that reason -- but do not expect it to be an Alex Cross novel .
 This book started off so well -- i could n't put it down and could n't wait to see what was going to happen next . Without giving anything away , I would just like to say that the ending was a HUGE disappointment and I felt as if nothing was ever solved . It just ended . Nothing was believable , you have no idea why the things that happened were happening and so many other story lines are left totally unsolved . I am so frustrated with this novel that i had to write a review : -LRB-
 At a time when legitimate talents of the genre only make the best seller lists for a few weeks , hack work by Patterson just keep hanging on . First off , forget the Publishers Weekly review -LRB- have you ever read a bad review by these shills ? -RRB- . The characters are styrofoam . The plotting is pedestrian . The author continues to reveal himself as a woman-hater in his fiction . If you want great suspense , go for Harlan Coben . If you want clever writing , try Robert Parker . But please , save yourself the time and the money . Skip this piece of nonsense .
 One of my favorite characters is Alex Cross and I ca n't wait until Patterson pens a new adventure . I still like his style of writing but when I finished this one I was ready to throw it out the window !! A huge disappointment ! James , go back to writing the love stories - Suzannah 's Diary was sooo much better .
 Maybe success has now shifted him to crank out more books for a revenue stream.His latest book `` The big bad wolf '' is a mishmash of sub plots that seem to have had no logical order for in depth thrillers.After his last Alex Cross bomb -LRB- Four blind mice -RRB- has now reached the nadir of hack writing . Seems that he has done to Alex Cross , what hollywood has done to `` Jaws '' , sequil it to Ad nauseum.I would now rather wait for a yearly publication of a Daniel Silva work than a bimonthly offering from patterson !
 What has happened to James Patterson ? The PR , on this book , professed that it was going to be the best Alex Cross story , yet . ... it was n't ! I guess it serves me right for paying attention to PR ! I did n't understand why the inclusion of the custody suit was handled the way it was ... was this supposed to satisfy readers who want more of the detective 's personal life included in the story ? The ending is one of Mr. Patterson 's well known tricks for supposedly making you want to buy his next book ... I wo n't even borrow that one , the way I did this one . James Patterson is capable of writing really well ... I wish he would try doing it , again . -LRB- Alone , without a co-author ! -RRB-
 Good thing James Patterson was n't at my house when I finished this book . I have never been so angry after completing a novel . Be careful when people say this book is `` fast-paced '' or `` an easy read '' . It absolutely is . Only because the writing is at a grade schools level at best . There is no character development or scene development . It is as if you are reading a first person account from a robot . The only reason I kept reading it was I hoped it would improve . DO N'T BUY THIS BOOK !!! I wanted to mail it back to the publisher . If you enjoy descriptive literature you will be sorely disappointed . And you will feel like a sucker for purchasing it . Just like I did .
 This is the last book i will read from James Patterson . I was glad the book was on loan and i did n't have to pay . Do n't waste your time with the latest addition of Alex Cross.If you like a book that starts half a page down or ends at half a page up than this is the book for you and i alsolike the way Patterson doesnt finish the book , this way you can buy the next unfinished book he writes .
 I 'm a Patterson fan but was thoroughly disappointed with this book . Who is the Wolf ? Who is the FBI mole ? Who is Marvel ? Was the sniper after Alex ? How did Alex know the Wolf was shooting at Lipton ? There were so many things unexplained that I felt like I wasted hours in reading this book . Alex was billed as a long wolf himself but he never went after the Wolf by himself . I was getting worried when I was running out of pages with no ending in sight . Sure enough , the pages ran out and what a stupid ending . Chapter 116 through Epilogue needs to be rewritten . What a joke !!!
 Hmmm , I wonder if Mr. Patterson plans to write a follow up to this novel ? Could he have left more things unresolved ? The Wolf , the sniper , little Alex , his new love interest , and those are just the ones I remember . The book was entertaining , but I felt mislead . I do n't have a problem with leaving a small opening for sequels , but what he has done here is written half a novel . I can only assume `` Big Bad Wolf II '' is around the corner .
 Patterson is one of my favorite thriller writers ... but I have a difficult relationship with his work . All the Alex Cross thrillers are great -LRB- especially the early ones -RRB- . The Roses-Violet books were great . I also really liked his recent non-Cross novels as well -LRB- The Beach House and especially The Jester , which I hope he writes a sequel to -RRB- . Four Blind Mice was just horrible , definitely the weakest Cross novel . The Lake House was not only Patterson 's worst novel ever , it was also one of the worst novels I 've ever read . While Big Bad Wolf is a huge step up from Four Blind Mice , Patterson just does n't write with the creativity and wit he did with the early books -LRB- esp . in regard to his recent villians , who are laughably over-the-top and dumb -RRB- and Cross is not a three dimensional human being anymore so much as a cutout popular-fiction archetype . I also really hate how Patterson brings in old characters for a few sentences throughout the whole book -LRB- his ex-partner Sampson , his kids who pretty much are only around to complain he does n't spend enough time with them , and Nana , whose job now it seems is to pop up every few chapters and instill Alex with advice and guidance then dissapear again . These recent dissapointments do not take away from his early work . If you are reading this review and have yet to read a Patterson book , get any Alex Cross book written before `` Roses are Red '' .
 I was very disappointed with Big Bad Wolf . This is the first bad book from Patterson . I only finished it with hopes of it getting better . It picked up towards the end and then it let me down . It was very boring . It was slow moving . The storylines were never finished . This was his worse book ever and it 's being advertised as his best . Yeah , right !
 As a long time fan of James Patterson . I am extremely disappointed . While I have enjoyed his last few novels that DID NOT involve Alex Cross , I am having to say that I wish he would give Alex Cross a much needed vacation . If he ca n't come up with a better story plot than what this Big Bad Wolf book had , then maybe James Patterson should take a vacation also . The book ended horribly , obviously leaving it open for another book but I will not be rushing out to buy or borrow the next `` wolf '' book which will inevitably be on the book shelves before we can blink . I have one thing to say . . BIG BAD BOOK !
 I 've read every Patterson book to date , and am a big Alex Cross fan . This , however , is ridiculous . Big Bad Wolf makes little pretense at being anything other than the introductory chapters of a novel . It does not stand on its own , having little development other than the now-obligatory -LRB- and blatantly predictable -RRB- `` fake-out , wrong suspect '' scenes . The Kyle Craig two-booker was interesting . This is just a ploy by Patterson to get 40 bucks for one mid-length novel and a lot of filler .
 I was very disappointed with this Alex Cross Novel . It reads like Patterson quit on the last half of the book . The action just does n't match up with the plot . Everything happens too fast and too easy . It is as if he is rushing to get through.I suspect this happens when a famous Author gets enough clout that his Editor can not get him to do the needed rewriting . Too bad .
 My husband & I listened to this as a book on tape on a recent road trip , most of which was at night , during a winter storm watch . I mention that because it was stressful driving , so perhaps we did n't give the story the full attention it deserved ... nevertheless , we followed it closely enough to be infuriated at the ending -- or lack thereof . I ca n't remember another book of this genre leaving the reader so thoroughly unsatisfied and frustrated . This was my first Patterson experience , and my last .
 Cheap novel . All happening , especially Wolf , looks unbeliavable . I know russian and was very surprised about what `` samochit '' means - I am sure this is author fantasy.Personal problems of Alex Cross like problems with custody of his son were completely out of story and I doubt anybody could be interested in them.I read several books recently - this is definitely the worst .
 After the total fiasco of The Lake House , I was looking forward to getting back to Alex Cross . However , this book was a disappointment . I read it in about 3 hours , and I 'll never again buy one of Patterson 's hardbacks . I 'll wait for the paperback -LRB- second-hand at that -RRB- and save my money!This book was not as bad as The Lake House , but it was n't all that good . Short , choppy sentences ; lots of italics ; no depth to the characters . I found myself skipping whole paragraphs ; you can just read the first and last sentence in a chapter and pretty much know what 's going on.I like books that `` take me away '' -- this book was one that I just wanted to get away from !
 This book was dreadful , boring , and difficult to follow . His former books gave the reader a thrill , a change from the norm , but lately Mr. Patterson has n't been delivering the same quality . This book in particular is the worst yet .
 this is a disappointing book . gets all mushy with alex cross joining the FBI etc. i am used to fast paced thrillers from patterson , and this is not one !!
 Is this what Patterson does best ? This was my first book written by him and I read it because everyone else on my vacation was reading it . It was uneventful , illogical , and just plain unbelievable . It failed to excite and entertain . I will be hard pressed to pick up another Patterson book when there is so much more better written material out there !
 I thought the premise and writing , amateurish and stunted . A master criminal , controlling billions with a global empire , is personally running a low-budget , kidnapping-for-sex business , which would not have covered the overhead ? Patterson wisely had half of the cast speaking in broken English so that complex sentences were not necessary . Seems as though everyone is looking for their serial bad guy to compete with Hannibal Lector , but there are n't enough writers like Thomas Harris to go around . It 's just the next movie script . Let 's hope for a great director .
 I wo n't waste my time on this one . Needless to say , this is an author more interested in feeding the apparent insatiable appetite of Alex Cross fans than creating a compelling story . `` Along Came a Spider '' and `` Kiss the Girls '' were novels written by a promising new writer who cared about his craft ; wanted to create a character that would live on for years to come . `` The Big Bad Wolfe '' is so sloppy and unsatisfactory that I had to go back to make sure I had n't missed something . This one made me sick . See ya Alex. I do n't care about you any longer .
 I have to agree with those who started with the first Cross story . Patterson gives us nothing new as to who Cross is . He has been robotic in the last novels . The `` split '' novel of Roses and Violets seems to repeat itself here with an unsolved crime and a bad guy on the loose ... . to be continued . Ican only give it one star because its a Cross novel but very little else . I 'd rather he abandon the character than toture him to death with these less than honest efforts . Robert PArker has kspt Spencer fresh and entertaining a lot longer than Cross has been around .
 This is a pretty good book - conceptually - , but it sure reminds me of ` War On Wall Street ' by Peter Senese .
 Big Bad Wolf had a sufficient amount of tension and moved along at a nice pace , but what it suffered is that neither the plot , the situation or the characters were remotely believable . The Wolf is an ultra shadowy Russian mafioso who is invisible , omniscient and omnipotent . He can do anything he wants , any time he wants , and has no limitation on reach or resources . He 's not a credible character . If you look at the history of law enforcement , the law officers know who the bad guys are , but they often ca n't build up enough evidence to arrest and convict them . The Wolf is built as this hands on character , who gets in the middle of all of this shady business , but nobody knows who he is or what he looks like . The plot disintegrates into ridiculousness by the end , when The Wolf has all of these impersonators and just when it seems like they are going to nail him , guess what , it 's not The Wolf . I was n't buying any of it , and although the story was reasonably entertaining , it was n't very good.Carl Alves - author of Two For Eternity
 I read the spanish version of this book . I was very surprised but in the wrong way . Patterson is very famous due his capacity to write best sellers . Apparently , the Alex Cross saga is his most affortunated serie . However , the book -LRB- in Spanish El lobo de Siberia -RRB- is full of clich&eacute;s and resources recommended for apprentice writers only . Using the simile between one of the victims and Claudia Shiffer to give an idea of the character is over used . Same thing happens with the nick name of Dragons ' killer to give us the image of Cross for the FBI people . Cross does not have a failure in any role of his life , this is unbelivable . Finally , I think that is a betray of the author to hidden information to justify the final and the openness to prepare a second part of this saga with the Wolf . I respect Mr. Patterson for his 80 millions dollar contracts , not per this book .
 A pervious reviewer hit it on the nose . Patterson ca n't write . It astonishes me that he 's a best seller , considering the putrid crap that he produces . A 4th grader with a crayon could put together a more compelling storyline . Steven Segall movies have better developed characters.Try a decent thrill writer like John Le Carre .
 I am a big fan of Jame Patterson 's Alex Cross series and was hooked from reading `` Kiss the Girls '' . However I am getting tired of them ... almost as tired as his plotlines . This novel had no real ending -LRB- I am presuming that this is to encourage us the read the next novel -RRB- and I certainly did not get as involved with this story as with previous ones.Alex Cross ' situation has developed slightly , what with his relationships and joining the FBI and that was welcome , but I miss the strong bond with Sampson which seems to have gone in this novel . It simply feels empty and like Patterson has lost his bite . I will definitely think twice before buying the next one .
 Patterson 's writing is an insult to one 's intelligence . I could n't finish this book -LRB- a Christmas gift -RRB- it was so bad . The fact that he is a `` bestselling author '' is proof of the dumbing down of American society .
 This one is so bad that is should not only be banned but every copy seeked out and destroyed!Well , that may be a bit of an overstatment , but this one is a real stinker . Once upon a time James Patterson had the ability to write a mildly entertaining novel with the catch being a white man writing in the first person of a black man . This worked well enough to gain him a modest reputation and even get one of his novels on the large screen.He has now entirely run out of remotely believable plots and apparently the ability to handle dialog . Page after page of his ridiculous converstions with `` Nanamom '' made the book so tiresome that one was forced to speed read through it just to see if any thing of interest happened ... it did n't . Of course , there are the gruesome murders and rapes that JP seems to have a fondest for.The basic plot is that a Washington detective is so coveted by the FBI that they let him write his own rules for attending the accademy , thereby giving him page after page of driving back and forth from Virginia to home with a `` Nanamom '' trite conversation in every chapter . An Example , `` Nanmom , you really like that cream and strawberries . '' Yea , right.In his last few books he has resorted to an irritating style of making every chapter a page and a half long ! This would destroy any flow that happened to exist , which in this case none does . It does accomplish two things , makes a modest book look a whole lot bigger , justifing the price ; and makes it a more difficult to spin the pages in an effort to get through it.Do no under any circumstances buy this book and if someone offers it to you for free , politely decline.It is very discouraging to think that trees were killed so `` Big Bad Wolf '' could be printed .
 Description everything of russian in this book - jargon , dialogs , sex life , food is ABSOLUTELY wrong ! We are not like that stupid ! Author doesnot have any clue what he writes about . Looks like he saw stupidiest triller `` Red Heat '' in 1988 and have just copied `` russian '' mobs from here.Now I do belive when real detective or fbi agent is reding his books he just laugh like me.Are all his books are FAKE ?!!!
 I have read every James Patterson novel he has written . They keep getting less and less interesting ... worn out story lines and yawning dialog . His early books , up to Roses are Red were worth the money but since then I 've read hoping he 'd get back to his old style ... he has n't so I quit .
 This book is so bad it 's just plain embarassing . I needed a book for the weekend , and grabbed this one . Big mistake . The characters are cartoonish and totally undeveloped . The villian is obvious and simplistic . To top it off , after mailing in a novel that would go into any reputable publisher 's trash bin if he had not been an established `` author '' , he makes no effort to complete the book , leaving it in a `` to be continued ... '' mode.Someone recently gave this book FIVE STARS ??? Had to be a relative of either the author or the publisher . This is the first and last book by this guy I will waste my time on , even if it 's free from the library .
 Do n't waste your time and money . I was very disappointed with this book . I actually threw it to the floor in disgust when I was through reading it . The writing is simplistic and there is no character development . The sentence structure and vocabulary are right out of an Elementary School level text . The only reason I even finished reading it was to have some closure and so I did n't feel like I had wasted my time by reading the beginning . Well , I certainly did n't get the closure I coveted . I wanted to mail the book back to the publisher in protest but I do n't want to waste anymore of my money . If you enjoy richly developed characters and a plausible storyline you will not be happy with this purchase .
 Alex Cross returns in Patterson 's latest thriller , the Big Bad Wolf . As with all Patterson novels , they are easy and quick to read . In this thriller , Cross has joined the FBI and his involved in searching for who his behind a bunch of kidnappings . The FBI and Cross are soon on the trail and have several hit and misses as they try and find kidnap victims before they are killed and try and find those involved in the kidnapping scheme.Although part of the novel involves Cross 's personal life , it is n't as dominant as in recent efforts . Most Patterson villians seem to be smarter than those after them , but the Wolf actually is believable as a super criminal.A few complaints
 I 've been a fan of patterson 's books , but if ever there were a book that was simply published to make some dough , this is it . I love to read , and rarely feel cheated by a book , but a very thin plot , lousy characted development and almost zero real excitement actually had me ticked off when I read it . I will certainly not buy another Patterson book in hardcover . It 's a waste .
 This book reads like Patterson gave little effort to write a novel at the same level of most of his others . If it is possible to `` phone in '' a writing , he did it . If is as if he faced a deadline for fulfilling a book committment and just slapped this together . Vert disappointing .
 The characters , except for the hero , are so shallow you can barely see them , much less feel them ... the ending is totally set up for a sequel ... there are too many people , too many places , too many situations for anything to be fully developed ... the anatagonist can do anything anywhere to anybody and never even have pursuit ... I found the whole thing preposterous ...
 Although I enjoyed reading the book , the ending ruined the whole thing . I feel cheated . The ending left me hanging like a soap opera . Is this some ploy to get me to buy his next book ? I would have bought it anyway , but now , I 'll have second thoughts before buying any more of Patterson 's titles . I wish I read the reviews before buying this one .
 I look forward to the Alex Cross novels . I enjoyed this book until the last couple of chapters . Did Mr. Patterson have a plane to catch ? What happened to the ending ? Maybe the publishers left it out of my copy of the book ?
 Patterson is one of my favorite writers , but this one was a huge disappointment . It was a messy amalgam of many of his previous books -- the escaped victim a la `` Kiss the Girls , '' the threat on Cross 's family , a la ... well , all of the Cross books , the help from a former bad guy ... and the undecided ending . If this is the first of a series , then it does n't enthrall me enough to pick up part 2 . I am very unhappy to say this about Patty , but it 's the truth .
 If we were to rank this effort against the great Alex Cross Novels it would n't even be in the same ballpark . The Villian , `` The Wolf '' is totally unbelievable and in my opinion Comic book fodder . No intensity like `` Along Came A Spider '' and `` Kiss The Girls '' and I found myself shaking my head with disappointment at the end of many chapters.Patterson is throwing out lightweight drivel and expecting us to buy it . I guess I did `` buy the book '' but this is more like Sidney Sheldon , soap opera junk.Where have you gone `` James Patterson ? ''
 James Pattersons ' Alex Cross books were good for the first 3 or 4 volumes in the series . Now , they all feel the same and they are really very shallow as far as the depth of character or plot development . Very little substance , but I suppose that 's all they are supposed to be . Oh well ...
 With all the twists and turns that James Patterson put into the latest installment of the Alex Cross series , I feel that `` The Big Bad Wolf '' was not exciting enough . Perhaps it 's because of the typical James Patterson formula - short chapters , lots of plot twists . For me , this felt more like a ho-hum read . The plot is somewhat compelling - a man named Wolf coordinating the abduction and the selling of adults into slavery . There are a couple of surprising twists in the end but mostly it all feels formulaic . The one thing that helps the book are the members of the Cross family . They are likeable and endearing but they take up a small portion of the book . Finally , would I recommend this book ? If you 're a die hard James Patterson fan , pick it up to learn about the latest Alex Cross caper . If this is your first James Patterson read , I recommend `` Along Came the Spider '' , `` Kiss the Girls '' and `` Cat and Mouse '' . These James Patterson novels , all featuring Alex Cross , are far more exciting and do n't feel formulaic , especially `` Cat and Mouse '' .
 I thought this book was really far fetched . Parts of this book are wonderful and very entertaining . Other sections of the book just do not seem accurate . I realize this is a fictional book , but I really think with a little more editing this story would have been great . I enjoyed reading the description of the kidnapping at Phipps Plaza in Atlanta as it seemed very accurate and scary down to every minute detail . On the other hand , the chat room crap seemed a little far fetched although who knows there are plenty of sick people in this world . I just do not really believe there would be people willing to pay money for other women in such a fashion , but who knows as maybe there really are people out in the world like mentioned in this book . I hope I never encounter them !
 It started out good -LRB- as most of Patterson 's novels do -RRB- and then it went down hill . I think that Patterson has taken Alex Cross as far as he can . It 's pretty much unbelievable that the `` FNG '' of the FBI can just be thrust out onto the streets to solve the Wolfe kidnappings . Here 's hoping Patterson can build on the Wolfe 's character because he does n't seem all that big and bad yet .
 I was disappointed with this one . kind of got the feeling , it was to keep us going to the book store to buy another James Patterson novel.I will say that he definitely makes up for it in the `` 3rd Degree '' Awesome reading . I could n't put it down . I 'm here to tell ya , I 'm a 330 pound football offical , exterminator by trade , and I got more than one tear stirring up in my eyes reading this one . I got really attached to the charcters . This `` 3rd Degree '' is a MUST read .
 21/2 StarsI have read every one of Mr. Patterson 's books and have loved them all . However , The Big Bad Wolf was a bit of a let down for me . It felt as if a lot of the details were left out . I was also very disappointed in the ending . It seems as if there will be a sequel to this book , if there is I hope it 's a little more exciting and less predictable .
 This novel is your basic James Patterson product . Short paragraphs - little fleshing out of a story - lots of twists and turns in the hunt for a brutal killer - just interesting enough to keep you reading - but fairly thin gruel . Alex Cross , the ex-DC homicide cop who joined the FBI in Four Blind Mice is earning his spurs as he joins the hunt for the Wolf , a member of the Russian Mafiya who has plans to be the godfather of all organized crime . What initially has the FBI 's attention is the kidnappings of white women who it turns out have been `` ordered '' by wealthy patrons who have designs on them . Why the Wolf would be involved in such an activity when his designs are so much larger is never explained . Patterson also brings a custody battle over Little Alex in to the story which does little or nothing to advance the plot , but perhaps he needed a few more chapters . He has done better and hopefully will again .
 I thoroughly enjoy the Alex Cross books as a rule . This is the second time that Patterson has elected to stretch a story into 2 books . It is very disappointing to have a book be so intense and just come to a dead halt at the end . I think that it would be good customer relations if he would at least identify that his book is the first of two . Overall , Patterson has been one of my favorite writers , but with books like this I am starting to think otherwise .
 I thoroughly enjoyed the initial Alex Cross novels , but this was a resounding disappointment . Patterson seems to have evolved into an author who no longer cares about the quality of his writing . If you can accept the premise of the F.B.I. recruiting someone from a city police force and immediately jumping them over seasoned veterans to a position of dominance , then , perhaps you will be readily able to accept the many other unlikley aspects of this novel . Rather than contributing to character development , Patterson 's subplots involving Cross 's family and friends seem manipulative and shallow . His long distance romance is like a teenage view of love and separation . The most manipulative facet of the entire book is the ending which seems to have no motivation driving it other than an effort to get readers to buy the next epsiode when it comes out . It should n't be a long wait-it ca n't take much time for Patterson to type a book of this quality .
 What A Terrible Book!It started off very promising , but the style of two pages , new chapter , two pages , another chapter throughout the book is very annoying -LRB- 313 pages - 119 Chapters In the Soft Copy Version -RRB- . It appears that the author was very rushed , and completely lost track of what he was writing about half way through the book , tried for a big finish - and utterly disappoints - I am all for unexpected endings , but this one was purely wrong!Worst Read Of This Decade ! Do Not Buy This Book !
 When we join Alex Cross in ` The Big Bad Wolf , ' by James Patterson , he was just beginning his new job as an FBI agent At the Training Academy in Quantico . Much like the agent Clarice Starling in ` Silence of the Lambs , ' Cross would have an abbreviated training session . An important case required his participation.The wife of a judge had been kidnapped , making the case fall under FBI jurisdiction . There were similar , prior abductions that now required the FBI to investigate . At first , agents called the case ` White Girl ' because of the victims , but even that would change when a couple of male college students were kidnapped . Investigators expanded the case to some sort of sex-slave / sex-trade type of crime.They received a big tip from a teenage hacker who wandered into a security-protected chat room with a number of sexual deviants under a variety of handles
 To the reader/reviewer from Galt 's Gulch : Wherever the heck that is , you are right on the money -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . It 's hard these days to be a moderate person and not want to engage in sarcastic debate , bullying , and juvenile put-downs . I range from being amused sometimes to being outright offended . Thanks for your review !
 My doctor recommended this book in a vain hope of getting me to change my eating habits . Not a good investment . It takes 5 chapters to get to the central idea which is - only eat when you are hungry . The rest of the book simply restates this bit of wisdom in different ways over and over again . So here is my recommendation - `` Do n't eat when you are not hungry '' . There I saved you 10 dollars !!!
 Many games in this book were commonly known games like Marco Polo . Most were for teams , not many for two players . Also , after about # 70 , it begins listing games for outside the pool .
 I have n't received the book which I ordered since May 30 -31 st , 2009 . No one responded to my e-mail . What happened ? I 'm still waiting for the book .
 Claribel Alegria , Sorrow -LRB- Curbstone Press , 1999 -RRB- Sorrow , a book of poems lamenting the death of Alegria 's husband , is the kind of thing that , in a perfect world , would be immune to criticism . But , as Wilde so forthrightly put it , `` all bad poetry is sincere . '' This is no exception . The poems in this collection are barely poems at all , but more often are simply thoughts chopped up into lines to make them appear poetic . `` Show , do n't tell '' has left the building for this one , folks . `` I do n't want eternityit overwhelms meI want to be alivewhile I livewithout thinkingabout whyI live ... '' -LRB- `` I Do n't Want Eternity '' -RRB- There are a few pieces here where Alegria still seems to grasp the essence of poetry -LRB- and translator Carolyn Forche seizes on two of them in her introduction , the best part of the book -RRB- , but they are in the minority here . This one did n't work for me at all . **
 This is a very informative book and I will probably use it as a strong reference in years to come . It is not , however , a very easily read textbook . Some areas are repetative and make for very slow reading . Many times the author backs up her explanations citing studies . This is excellent in a reference book , however , as an introduction to an area of OT , it makes learning the subject matter laborious .
 This book was originally copyrighted in 1962 , then again in 1982 and published in 1995 . Judging by the contents , I think it was little changed from the original copyright date . As such , it is a pretty good book for the 1960s , but extremely dated for 1995 . Mr. Carmichael is fascinated by all the contradictions in the gospel accounts of Jesus ' life and particularly his death . He does a good job of listing these and discussing them , but his perspective is one of constant wonder without any fundamental methodology to analyze the reasons for these discrepancies.Carmichael also falls into the trap of often referring to the gospels as a whole , and moving haphazardly from one gospel account to another . Many authors do this , and they always do so at their peril . The gospels have to be treated independently if they are to make sense at all.Carmicheal also makes many assumptions which he treats as facts , yet there is no universal agreement with his opinions . For example , he claims that the Gospel of Mark was composed in Rome -LRB- p. vii -RRB- , `` the cross became the symbol of Jewish resistance -LRB- p. viii -RRB- '' , Jesus comes from a `` poor family '' -LRB- p. 47 -RRB- , etc. . These assumptions may or may not be true , but each is subject to debate , which Carmichael ignores.There 's nothing terribly wrong with this book , and it is well written , but there are so many other and better books which deal with this topic -LRB- e.g. , Haim Cohn 's The Trial and Death of Jesus , Crossan 's Who Killed Jesus , Spong 's Resurrection -RRB- that I ca n't recommend the book .
 Although Alexander McCall has an easy to read style that flows without requiring any intellectual effort , his books sound too much alike . Soon the charm becomes boredom and one desires to get to the end , not because of interest in the plot but just because one refuses to believe that it wo n't get better at some point.The Kalahari Typing School for Men is one of those stories that teases you with what one expects to develop into an interesting mystery but ends in a simplistic way.Definitely this is a case that proves that sequels are seldom better than the original .
 You know how cake icing , whether stuck on the box of a purchased cake or on the rim of your cake holder at home , when you scrape it off with you finger and put it in your mouth , has that shot of sweetness with no body behind it ? That is how this book struck me - a little icing with no cake ! I 've looked through the other reviews and this is definitely a contrary view . I will never read another of this book series and will look hard at anything else by this author.The series was highly recommended to me by several friends and I have very broad reading interests . But , this is just too much fluff . As Gertrude Stein said about Oakland '' There is no there , there . ''
 I read this for a book club selection . Unfortunately probably the best I could say is that it is generally a feel good book , and since we had traveled there , it was remotely interesting because of its placement in Botswana . It is a quick read , but I would not recommend it to most people .
 I have to admit that I read only up through page 83 , which is a little less than half way . Then , I just could not pick it up again . There is no intrigue , morality , imagery and hardly a plot . Someone , let me know if there is any substance in the second half . Please .
 I have read 4 of the # 1 ladies books and the first one was great then all the books started to go down in my books . Lots of people like the sequals but I dont I find they have no life , there boring and flat . This book is all of that but at times is o.k. when they add mystery . I am no longer going to read the other books becouse I am really dissapointed in the series .
 This book was written before video and computational power was easily available . It is quite dated and it is also just not written that well . As a trained physicist myself , I was hoping for some clearer insights into the nature of the swing , but I think the book was just written too early , before it was really possible to analyze swings in real detail .
 What Jorgensen did was concentrate on the easily observed movements of one expert golfer , i.e. the movement of the forearms and upper-arms , leading shoulder , and feet and legs , and presented nothing new or really helpful.He made no comments on what Sam Snead called `` all the swing '' -- rhythm and timing , and no observation of the most important parts of the body , the hands . Hand-eye coordination is THE essential element of golfing talent , but even with great hand-eye coordination , you have to know what to do with the hands .
 I actually intended to rate this book a minus 5 . What a sloppy work !!! The book was motivated by the author 's intention to improve his golf game -LRB- imagine how bad he could be to have such strong motivation -RRB- , although he did n't mention the outcome -LRB- sounds like it worked at least on two folks -RRB- . Why ? I can assure you that it does n't work and he is still searching for the answers , just like all those reviewers and the majority of the readers are.I 'm just wondering how much time the author really spent on swinging the club -LRB- probably not much -RRB- or watching others -LRB- maybe some , but whom ? -RRB- do ? If not , how did he come up with the idea of what the golf swing is and even study it ? I know , from reading a lot of literatures just like every scientist does . Then a model he believed the closest to the real swing was proposed , so that a lot of equations and computer works can be done to support the ideas -LRB- from reading the literatures -RRB- he believed , although not all of them were explained , which are either current unknown or more work needs to be done in the future . A typical example of how science is being conducted ? Will the resultant information help ? God knows ! My question is , if the initial ideas -LRB- from others -RRB- are unquestionable , then why studied them again ? What 's the hypothesis ? I mention these because I am a scientist and know the tricks , too . Scientists are humans just like everybody . Do n't believe whatever they say -LRB- at least not until they become single-digit handicaps -RRB- ! The book is merely another version of the existing ideas about golf swing decorated with some terms in physics , mathematical equations and computer generated data , using selected opinions to support selected results and conclusions . Sorry , good try!Golf swing becomes such a difficult stuff simply because nearly all of the concepts we are getting are far from the reality . People who master it can maybe describe it or the feel about it but hardly explain it . `` Why bother ? I can do it well ? '' Others see what 's going on here and there but has no idea how they happen ? Most of the time , we only see the results but not the causes , and work so hard to make the results happed.Instructions on golf swing have existed ever since the game was invented . If they work -LRB- does not have to be all of them -RRB- , why people still have trouble getting it ? Most of the teaching pros should have been out of jobs . But people are still reading the same stories over and over again and keep struggling . The real experts -LRB- with some talents -RRB- gain their swings , most of the time -LRB- or with a bit help from other experts -RRB- , by trial-and-error and experimenting through various methods and hard practice . Until the real principle being revealed , these are still the best ways to build a golf swing . This is also how I figure out my way , which is totally different from what the `` mainstream '' says , to swing the club . Being 5 ' 6 '' and weight 110 lb. , I hit my driver consistently dead straight for ~ 240 yards.Will you buy the book ? It 's totally up to you !! At least it will make you think harder . I would rather spend my effort on the driving range to experiment it more .
 After the first two outstanding books in this series , to say this third one disappointed me would be an understatement . Most of the aspects that were charming from previous installments are missing or barely present here . For example , Rra . Matekoni is suffering from depression and as a result his participation in the story is minimal , not to mention the ridiculous way in which this situation is handled in the story . The two kids that were staying with Mma . Ramotswe were a central piece of interest for me , and I assume most readers , but in this book they are relegated to a minor spot in the plot . Even with that , the composition the girl shares with her new family is the high point in this book . It is a shame the author did not make better use of this character.Add on top of that a couple of cases with very little appeal , and you end up with a story that dragged along at sloth 's speed . Even Mma Ramotswe thought the main case was ridiculous as you can see in the title of this review , and that was only a hint of the things to come . Maybe the only other redeeming quality of this book is that we get to learn a little more about Mma . Makutsi , and she sure is a sharp one , but I did not find this to be enough to make the overall book 's quality good.I just hope that this was a stumble in the way and that in the next book we will find the quality of the first two installments . Therefore , I will readThe Kalahari Typing School for Men -LRB- No. 1 Ladies ' Detective Agency , Book 4 -RRB- in the near future to determine if this is a series worth pursuing farther . Of course , if you have not read other books in the series , my recommendation is not to start here and go back to the first two books , since those are truly worth it .
 The first two books in the series were very enjoyable however this book is difficult to get through . The book does not flow like the others . The story of the orphan girl 's life is told differently in two of the books . The characters have become dry and the book is a chore to read . I will try the next in the series hoping this was just a one off thing .
 Read the sample pages on Amazon ... the author obviously set himself the task of raising consciousness about life in Africa , specifically female life in Botswana . His political purpose may be admirable but the writing is stiff , preachy , and ultimately uninteresting . Not wretched , but a chore to read . How many women refer to a prospective fiance in their most private thoughts as Mr. J. L. B. Jones ? ` Nuff said .
 I read the first volume of the `` No 1 Ladies Detective Agency '' and now volume 3 . By comparison , vol 3 dwells too much on the personal lives of Mma Ramotswe and her husband to be . These parts of the book are uninteresting and did not engage me much . On the other hand , very little detecting is done in this book . The main character really handles only one case , and while in the first volume this was where her earthy wisdom shone through , here her advice is not as convincing , as if she has her mind on other things.On the other hand , the minor characters in this book are delightful . It was good to see the assistent come into her own , and the mechanic apprentices insert a much needed comic note into the story.In all , this book feels like the author is treading water , not sure where to take his characters . He is shifting from the series-of-vignettes to a more long form novel , but the result is not convincing . Yet .
 I thoroughly enjoyed the first two volumes in The Ladies No. 1 Detective Agency series ; however , this entry was a huge disappointment . What can you say about a book where there are not only plot inconsistencies across volumes -LRB- Precious 's father left her 180 cattle in volume 1 but that number is given as 2000 in this volume -RRB- but within the volume itself -LRB- the Government Man clearly says of his youngest brother , ` He is my brother of another mother . ' However later on in the book the Government Man 's mother is claiming the youngest son as her own and no further mention is ever made of the ` other mother ' . Further there are plot stubs that go nowhere as far as I can tell -- the Lion Boy , Ms. Makutsi 's brother and Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni 's illness . Seriously , seriously disappointing .
 First of all , I think that it is reprehensible that a book of this caliber is published without being proofread !! There were at least 7 typos and it completely took away from my enjoyment of the story . There is no excuse for such sloppy editing . Secondly , the story lacked the imaginative and insightful detective aspect of the first two . Very disappointing !
 I really enjoyed the first book then the second was dissapointing and this one was really dissapointing . O.k the first one was mainly about the main character working as a detective solving crimes that people ask her to do . Then this one has hardly no detective work . It focuses more on the main characters life outside work which is o.k I ebjoed that in the first book but it 's not the same in this book . It just drags on and on and on . Bring back more detective work in the series of books .
 There is too much of this book which reads like a junior-high essay which had to be 500 words or more . Too many references to the `` Little white van '' and `` Mr. J.L.B. Maketoni '' which only add text , not meaning . -LRB- I 'm sure that this gets written with `` JLB '' and then a search and replace with `` Mr. J.L.B. Maketoni , etc -RRB- The story is formulaic , and the characters are not developed in any way.If you liked the previous books , you 'll like this one . If you were hoping it got better , it did n't .
 Read the sample pages on Amazon ... this junk would never have been printed in a non-PC world . The writing is clumsy , preachy , and ultimately uninteresting . How many women refer to a prospective fiance in their most private thoughts as Mr. J. L. B. Jones ? This is the actual first sentence of the book ... if you can make it through this without throwing the book down in disgust , you might like the rest of it too : `` Mma Ramotswe , the daughter of the late Obed Ramotswe of Mochudi , near Gaborone , Botswana , Africa , was the announced fiancee of Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni , son of the late Pumphamilitse Matekoni , of Tlokweng , peasant farmer and latterly chief caretaker of the Railway Head Office . `` Please . Life is too short for this .
 With his elaborate language T E is amazingly shallow , when it comes to critizing postmodernist thought . When postmodernists say that humans can not and will never understand a system from within that system itself E replies that `` a certain capcity for critical self-reflection belongs to the way the human animal belongs to its world '' . Shamelessly E makes a law of what he has to prove ! Rationalism , universalism -LRB- which E stands for -RRB- are bankrupt . Relativism and postmodernism are also bankrupt , but E does n't understand how -LRB- that one mirrors the other -RRB- . And he does n't realize that there is a third alternative
 Terry Eagleton has later admitted that its a book based on rumors and on actual readings of the philosophers mentioned ... i guess that says it all .
 Intellectual garbage on the subject of intellectual garbage .
 This book really added nothing to my learning . I would just save the money & take my chances without it .
 This book is , by no means , Professional ASP.NET 2.0 Programming . First , it is all VB.NET -LRB- Not the choice of professionals -RRB- . Ok , the book does not cover the typical topics you find in a beginner 's asp.net book , but the topics it covers are merely new features in asp.net 2.0 discussed in a very superficial way.The only chapter I found to be worth while reading is the one on Web Parts . Some level of detail there , but do not expect much . This book should be re-named to , `` New Features in ASP.NET 2.0 - A beginners approach to programming '' . If you are looking for a professional programming book , this is not a great buy . If you are looking to get your way around asp.net 2.0 without all the typical beginner 's stuff , then this book is for you -LRB- if you do not mind VB.NET -RRB- .2 stars off for the bad title and 1 star off for VB.Net
 A ridiculously overheated melodrama set on a decaying southern plantation , featuring a prideful , spoiled young `` aristocrat '' , his mother who encourages him in those traits , his neglected , weepy wife , their downtrodden servants and field hands , a `` modern '' cousin , an earthy lower-class tenant ... and more tumultuous passions , angry outbursts , tearful scenes , conflicts , financial troubles , and predictable plot developments than you 'd wish to count . It appears on at least one list of `` classics '' , but I suppose that might be because it 's so typical of a genre of best-sellers that continues to this day . Even the prose has the flat , descriptive tone of the sort of popular writing that has to tell you exactly what the characters are thinking
 This is a copy of the 1950 out-of-print translation of a book now available in a new , complete and more accurate , authorized version , from Johns Hopkins University Press , 1998 , also listed at Amazon.com . Visit Otto Rank website for an excerpt from the preface .
 this book is really useless for identifying tracks . The photographs are blurry and almost all in snow . . This is Texas . I bought the Peterson Guide and that is the book to have . Should have gotten it in the first place . You might want to take this off your site .
 I just could not enjoy this book . The story is extremely dull , there is no depth to either the plot or characters , and nothing much happens . The text is so repetitive I found myself wanting to skip ahead in a book containing only 156 pages . `` Mom The Wolf Man and Me '' is the story of 11 year old Brett Levin and her single mother . Brett 's mom never married and never wanted to which suits Brett just fine . Suddenly , Theo -LRB- or Wolf Man as Brett calls him -RRB- comes into their lives and everything changes . The story unfolds in a very formulaic way and at the same time manages to go nowhere . You feel nothing for any of these two dimensional characters and there just is n't any conflict . The only parts of the book I enjoyed were Brett 's interactions with her grandfather . While their relationship was sweet , it did not make up for the story overall.Brett is probably the most apathetic , bland , and uninteresting character I have ever had the misfortune of reading about . Nothing seems to bother her much . Norma Klein takes the typical child-resents-new-man-in-mother 's - life story makes the child as dull and agreeable as possible . After the entire book carefully builds up Brett 's opposition to marriage and her aversion to change , she is upset about her mother 's marriage and having to move for all of a page and a half , I kid you not -LRB- I counted -RRB- . Of the marriage Brett says , `` The day before the wedding Mom suddenly began acting funny . By now I 'd gotten used to the idea of the whole thing . I mean , if you ca n't do anything about it , it 's silly to make a big fuss . '' Gee whiz , I would have thought she 'd be more upset , especially considering the chapters spent discussing how much she hated moving across the same town , much less out of state.Decades ago makeup-less women in pants , intentional pill overdoses , women marching in Washington , men baking , and babies born out of wedlock MIGHT have made this an interesting read . It 's just that once the `` shock '' of these things is gone , there is n't much left to the story .
 First Let me mention ; I have a Degree in Computer Engineering and as a Senior in college , I took a class in Computer Graphics Using Open GL which required a solid understanding of Linear Algebra . I just bought this book and I am very disappointed . The book is a composition of many articles written by 40 authors . It mainly focuses on the theory behind game programming -LRB- Brush up on your calculus and Linear Algebra ... you 'll need it ! -RRB- . I read the book 's sypnosis prior to purchasing this book and I do n't think it adequately reflects the contents of the book . Also , the cover is mis-leading . This cover is just a teaser to entice you to buy the book . There is no referenced source code or executable for the front cover graphic . Indeed this cover is a game that will be released in the future . If you want to learn how to program video games using Open GL , find a better book . -LRB- the openGL programmer 's guide is a good start -RRB- . As far as Game programming Gems , it 's more like a ... um forget it . I intend to get my $ 75.00 back for this book .
 Good for someone with a LOT of Game Programming EXPERIENCE -LRB- Not me -RRB- . Most of the chapters in this book are articles -LRB- good articles -RRB- taken from magazines . I just find it funny that so many reviews of this book are so good . I think the author had too many journal articles floating around his desk , so he stapled them together -LRB- at random -RRB- and made this book .
 I havnt disliked a Clarke book untill now . I was truly dissappointed by the brush off of the environmental and social problems of the 20th C in a single line . Everything was just too plastic , clean and lifeless .
 3001 would probably have been allright as a stand-alone , but it read like Clarke did n't really have anything left to say about the monoliths . All through the book , I was thinking , `` OK , this is all interesting
 Other Reveiw have given the basic story line so I will restrict myself to comments . The first three books steadily built up to a number of questions that failed to be answered or commented upon in this last and final book . Cheif among them was `` Who would inherit the galaxy -- the humans or europeians ? '' 2001 , 2010 , and 2061 all also showed clear thought logic and eccelent imagination built into it that 3001 lacked completely . In fact in my opinion he failed to live up to the expectations that his great writing in the past and build up especially in 2061 led us to believe was coming . Frankly I am terribly disapointed .
 I love Arthur C. Clarke 's books . Always have . But . A big but ... 3001 starts out fantastic and I blazed through the first couple of chapters letting Mr. Clarke tell me , what appeared to be , another good story . But it would appear that Mr. Clarke did n't want to tell a story . That he only told this story because he was asked to continue his most famous story line . The worst part is that he felt that he needed to flash back to remind the reader of what happened to Mr. Poole in 2001
 I read `` 3001 '' during the last few days of writing a fantasy novel of my own . -LRB- It has n't been published yet -- in fact , I have n't even approached a publisher with it -- so you do n't need to worry about my violating the rules against reviewers plugging their own books . -RRB- `` 3001 '' seemed to help give me the strength and inspiration I needed to finish my book . Unfortunately , that 's the best thing I can say about it . As almost everyone else who has reviewed it here points out , `` 3001 '' is a great disappointment . It starts with a shocking plot twist which will electrify fans of its three predecessors , but after that nothing happens until about halfway through the book . After some fairly interesting occurrences that occupy a few pages , the story stops again , even skipping over a period of several decades in the characters ' lives with perfect nonchalance , until the last few chapters , which provide a mildly suspenseful but still horrifically anticlimactic end to the `` Space Odyssey '' saga . Despite Clarke 's attempts to justify them in his afterword , the departures in `` 3001 '' from the continuity in the other books really go too far , especially the indirect revalation that the events of `` 2001 '' did n't take place in 2001 , but later in the century . Clarke also almost ignores the events of `` 2061 , '' and my suspicion is that this is so a `` 3001 '' movie can be made without having a `` 2061 '' film first .
 six years ago I was introduced into the world of science fiction . A friend lend me several Clarke books -LRB- Rama series , Childhood 's End , and the first three Odyssey books -RRB- . I loved the Odyssey books , although there were some inconsistencies , the serie in general was really good . For the next six years I waited to read the book that 'll end this great series . Maybe the anticipation , made me hope for something better , but 3001
 It 's the worst of the 2001-serie . First part of the book are only tecnical speculations and a few are very ridiculous . They seem to be in the year 2100 and not in 3001 ! The second part is low action . What happens with Clarke ? Only for very hard fans of Clarke ...
 3001 attempts to explain much of what has happened since 2001 , a book whos ' lack of explantation made it so popular to me.Mankind finds superior intellect in the universe and in this book we attempt to understand `` its ' '' purpose . This is the last of a four book set , preceded by 2010 & 2061 , books that should n't have been written . Over four books you finally reach a pinnacle , that does nothing more than disappoint . The ending is similar to Independence Day -LRB- the movie -RRB- . Computer virus wins over are ancestral guides ? Ughhh!It earns one star because it set up a great premise , but could not deliver .
 Well here we are again with the last installment of a once promising series that lost its way and descended into ennui . Who could forget the fantabulous 2001 or the almost as good 2010 . Somehow the literary aspects of the series seem to decline as the plot advances . Gone is the initial sense of wonder and mystery ; never present is interesting character development.This last gasp seems to try but the old spark is gone . Clark again tries to give us his vision of a glorious future rampant with technology and neat doohickies . But the real story is the tale of the monoliths and how we must desperately tell the makers of same that we are not the backwards race they may have originally considered us to be . Otherwise they might do bad things to us.Which begs the question - why in the world would an intelligent lifeform send the monoliths to uncivilized worlds and expect a progressive civilization of harmony and peace ? That question , like many others , is never raised much less answered . All in all , I am glad Clarke wrote the series but a more visionary 2061 and a more literal 3001 would have been a major accomplishment .
 I figure if you 're a Clarke reader you come to his work tolerant of his short-comings as a writer
 I 'm relatively new to the ACC bandwagon , and , for the most part I 've been thoroughly impressed -LRB- Childhood 's End & the Odyssey books , thus far -RRB- with the writer who can make hard-core sci-fi interesting to people who are not interested in sci-fi . However , this one just does n't cut it . Obviously , 1,000 years in the future would call for a time of incredible technological advancement , but the re-creation of dinosaurs -LRB- `` they make wonderful babysitters ! '' -RRB- mixed in with the woman on the flying dragon seemed a little bit on the absurd side.Unless , I read it incorrectly , 2061 -LRB- DO N'T READ THIS IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO KNOW THE ENDING OF 2061 -RRB- ended with Heywood Floyd 's `` spirit '' -LRB- is that the right word ? -RRB- joining the ranks with Dave and Hal . So , how come Dr. Floyd was n't in 3001 ? Also the merging of Dave and Hal seemed cheesy and totally unnecessary.It should be no secret to anyone who is even remotely familiar with ACC that he strongly adheres to the theories -LRB- * THEORIES * - which means unproven -RRB- of evolution . And to base these 4 bestselling books -LRB- and only die-hard ACC fans know how many others -RRB- on the theory -LRB- again , which means it 's unproven -RRB- of evolution , one would have to conclude that he is a man of much faith . So , if someone who believes that God created the universe out of nothing is `` insane '' , as Mr. Clarke so tactfully put it , then how much more someone who believes that the universe evolved from nothing ! And for all his anti-religious arguments , if he was so eager to convince his `` insane '' readers that all religions are nothing more than childish superstitions , then what would it have hurt to have a character who argued Dr. Kahn 's points in the book ? Is it that Mr. Clarke fears honest , intelligent debate on such matters ? The reader is left with no other choice.To conclude this book did have a few -LRB- very few -RRB- interesting points to it , but overall I found the Afterword , Acknowledgements , and Valediction to be 10 times more interesting than the novel itself .
 Mr. Clarke gives us a new book that is satisfying in a couple of ways . It clears up several questions from his previous Odyssey books that have been nagging at us for quite some time , and it is judicious in many of its technical predictions . Thus , the author well-serves his readers regarding the scientific/technical aspect of humanity in his predictions . However , Mr. Clarke completely misses the most important aspect of human life which results in characters in the book that are dwarfs of their potential.Mr . Clarke seems perfectly free , almost excited , at the opportunity to attack religion -- it does n't matter really which , they seem to be all the same to him . Near the end of the book , he gleefully refers to his numbers of religious acquaintances as `` friends '' right after he has spent much time in his book personally assaulting their core beliefs in a very offensive way . If he is so reckless with his friends as to so openly and aggressively deride their beliefs , I would not wish to be less for fear of a more open and deeper hostility from him.He populates his book with religious dunces , including Poole from our own time , and then sets up , time after time , situations in which the most elementary tools of pagans are used to demean religion
 Arthur C Clarke has produced some awesome works ofSF . Rendezvous with Rama , 2001 and Childhood 's Endrank , in my opinion , with the best SF ever produced . This book is a major disappointment . There are a myriad of inconsistencies with the previous books of the series and the work reads more like a short story than a novel . Most of the key elements of the previous book have been discarded and some of the more trivial ones developed . As an optimistic speculation as to the state of the world in 3001 the book works well . As a novel it is rather poor . The Clarke fan would consider it substandard when compared to his other works while the casual reader would just find it dull . After the heights of 2001 the Odyssey series has come to a anticlimactic and perhaps even unimaginative end .
 Arthur Clarke is a genius , and when he tells me what the future is going to be like in a thousand years or so , I pay attention . His future is minutely detailed , and will probably prove true in many respects . Where this novel fails is in a failure to couple the technological change with humanity . These people do n't breathe and spit and snore ; these are illustrations , not characters . The plot is n't really worth mentioning
 The reason science-fiction exists is largely to comment on modern issues by placing them in a sci-fi context -LRB- well , that and the neat-o laser guns -RRB- , but this book goes so overboard . There really is n't any story , David Poole 's character is n't memorable enough to be even a cliche , the science is foolish . Instead it 's mostly David Poole wandering around what Mr. Clarke considers to be a utopia . Basically it 's an excuse for Mr. Clarke to deliver self-righteous sermons about the 20th century , that are unfailingly childish and annoying.For example , nobody in the future is religious , they even shrink from the mention of god . The reason why is because a past pope released secret church documents on the cruelties of the Spanish Inquisition . People around the world were so shocked at the hypocricy that they simultaneously gave up on religion . I remember another utopia of Clarke 's in Childhood 's End , where racial difficulties were ended by black people being commonly referred to with a certain racial epithet , but not complaining about it . Both these examples are childish , offensive , and do n't even make any sense - how did they make it past an editor?I read this book because I enjoyed the author when I was very young . Now I know better , and believe this to be the worst book I 've ever read , by an author who has no real talents other than milking his association with Stanley Kubrick 's 2001 .
 All right , the basic premise of this novel is just plain wrong . According to the speed of light , the Alien Overlords are just finding out what humanity is like and that maybe we are not that nice . Did n't Clarke read his own book . The speed of light can be gotten around . The aliens knew EXACTLY what we were like right from the start ! His vision of the ring around Earth is kind of cool , and the best thing about this book.It needs to be said that Clarke 's condescending comments about religion and religious people are so callow and insulting that I lost much of the respect I had for him . I now assess most of the credit for 2001 to Stanley Kubrick . Judging by this book , the aliens were wasting their time putting the monolith on Earth .
 Wow , as in after having been blown away by the surreal experience of `` 2001
 I really tried to like this book , but in the end I have to say that it is crap .
 I counld not belive the ending it was very poor .
 3001 would probably have been allright as a stand-alone , but it read like Clarke did n't really have anything left to say about the monoliths . All through the book , I was thinking , `` OK , this is all interesting
 The book was joke . AC Clarke should have saved his energy ... but what the hell . He made money .
 Clarke establishes a lot of fascinating concepts and goes about describing them in an interesting manner . But overall the novel is very short on plot . You are left with the feeling that he set out to write an epic , but got tired , thinned it out , and ended it quickly . Also , the bringing-back-to-life of Poole - with intact memory and mental faculties - is not very believable .
 I 'll concede upfront that I 've had an unusual exposure to this book , but I have to say that what I saw of it was awful.What happened ? I selected it as the training text when I installed Dragon 's NaturallySpeaking speech recognition software recently . Here 's how bad it was
 I keep hoping that this book would go somewhere or at leaste give you something to think about . A best a poorly written unimaginative and already done many times story .
 I read each of the books in the series and eagerly anticipated this final work . Never have I been more dissapointed in an ending than this book . I have to wonder what writing is left in Arthur . Very sad .
 When I heard that mr Clarke had written the fourth book in the series , I thought it was something special , you know , a great adventure that would make me loose my breath or something , almost like 2001 . My mistake . It was boring
 After I read 2061 , it already gave me an impression that Arthur C. Clarke has ran out of ideas for this series and 3001 confirmed my feeling . I am sorry but I seriously deem that this book has spoiled the reputation of 2001 and 2010 . He should have stopped at 2061 . p.s. the worst part of the book is the ending , it 's too sloppy.How can the computer virus created by the human beings be able to damage the `` Frist Born '' 's `` computers '' , I do n't think they use the same computer language as us .
 I gave 5 stars for 2001 , 4 stars for 2010 , 3 for 2061 , and ... I was tempted to give 1 star or none at all , but I felt sorry for Arthur C. Clarke , because he is my favorite writer ... So what is this book ? Half lecture , half pulp science fiction ... Surely , he could have done much better than this !!! SHAME ... TT
