 Chris needs to get some life experience first , then practice writing . Potential is not the same as original . Please , Chris , seriously consider your future . No one else seems to be .
 As an avid fantasy reader , I was deeply disappointed by this book . I agree with others , that there was nothing new here , everything was borrowed -LRB- stolen ? -RRB- from other writers . As far as the sequel , I 'll skip it . There are too many good books out there for me to waste my time reading more of this .
 No way does this book have anything worthwhile in it . I 'd like to get back the hours of my life lost reading this book . As for everyone saying it 'll get better in the next one - I fell for it once with Eldest , wo n't fall for it again . Why anyone is still reading this junk is beyond me . Both my brothers gave up on this sinking junkpile - me too .
 Firts of all , i dont know why this book had a chance of being one of the top sellers . Every aspect of this book is an obvious rip off of fantasy based genres . If you happen to be new to this kind of `` ideas '' , it would be a quite interesting book to read . But of course , in order to enjoy it , you MUST ignore the mediocre dialogue that doesnt seem to fit the whole dragon-king-castle era . By that i mean , what kind of medieval-old-wise man would talk like a 21st century suburban teen ? And then start talking in a somewhat shakespearian speech that sounds more like David-Spade-trying-sound-like-yoda-from-starwars ? But then again , its good book for novices but if your pass that ... well . . you 'll see my point .
 I saw this book in the store , and I bought it because of the cool cover art and because I love stories with dragons . But I have to say , I 'll be more careful next time . Unfortunately , the book is so obviously `` lifted '' from Lord of the Rings -LRB- with a dash of Star Wars -RRB- that it 's just frustratingly difficult to read . The main character , Eragon -LRB- AKA `` Aragorn '' from Lord of the Rings -RRB- , sets off on a quest to overthrow the evil ruler of a land that resembles Middle Earth -LRB- as seen in the Tolkien-esque map provided at the beginning of the book -RRB- with the help of an old magician , Brom -LRB- AKA Gandalf -RRB- . Sound familiar ? Well , the rest of the story will , too.Given his age , Christopher Paolini is a great writer , and he has very good potential , but he 's still in the beginning stages of writing where one imitates the great writers . Once he finds his own voice , he 'll probably blow our socks off . But in the meantime , save your money ! Or , better yet , spend it on a better investment -- Lord of the Rings .
 I 'm amazed that Lucas is n't asking for at least half of the revenues generated by this StarWars clone . We begin with a teenager living in a small home far outside of town with relatives who are not his parents . He finds a mysterious item that gives him amazing and unexplainable abilities . He seeks out the eccentric local curmudgeon who is not who he seems to be . After his family is brutally murdered he follows his new mentor and is instructed in long lost lore and training to grow into the powerful hero he 's meant to be . Along the way his mentor fights and dies so that our hero can continue his journey . Soon he meet a sketchy character of questionable loyalties and dreams of a fair maiden who 's being held captive by the evil emperor 's henchman ... sound familiar yet ??? I know the author was only seventeen at the time but his editor and publisher should have helped him cover his plageristic tracks . That being said , I 'll probably buy and read the sequel , but if our hero 's father is who I think he is ... good grief !
 Paolini has some storytelling merit , to be sure . Why else would his book be selling well ? The plotline and characters are certainly interesting . But they 're not interesting * enough * -- I constantly found myself capable of reading a chapter , feeling more or less entertained , and then putting it down with absolutely no subconscious need to pick it up again . Whenever I did continue reading , I was n't bored , but I also never felt the compulsion to finish . The story is too much of a cliche , and there is really nothing about Saphira or Eragon that seemed unique enough to pull them out of the stereotypical dragon or adolescent hero-kid of mass-produced fantasy novels . The writing itself was decent , but not great . But the book was also not so bad as to make me * not * recommend it to other viewers . In a nutshell , so-so .
 As a girl , I could not relate to any of the characters in this book . I like to be able to relate to at least one person . The female characters WERE all for him , him , him . Girls today know better , and stories that do this are intensely BORING to us . Mothers , if you give your daughters this book , you might as well tell them to forget about being a person in their own right . If they 're beautiful and enjoy falling in love with adolescent boys for no particular reason , and then ... BORING !! Oh poor me , I 'm such a beautiful elf languishing in prison . Help me , help me . Bad enough that this book is unoriginal . It 's also dull .
 Literature is n't chess , there are no young prodigies able to step in and change everything , because good writing only comes from life experience and years upon years of not only practice , but reading and understanding other peoples ' work.It 's been said `` Good authors borrow ; great authors steal , '' but this is ridiculous . If Pupil A writes a paper for class , and Pupil B copies it verbatim but erases inane details and replaces them with his own names , what would the Professor do ? Toss Pupil B out of class for cheating . While I 've no doubt this young author has a passion and maybe even talent for writing , `` Eragon '' borders on plagarism and should not be rewarded for it . It is OK to learn from Tolkien , Jordan and Goodkind ; it is NOT Ok to blatantly mirror them.The drive of this book is n't the book itself , but the gimmick that it was written by a teenager . That 's disturbingly sad , and I hope intelligent readers of fantasy wo n't be fooled by this ploy . Meanwhile dozens of GREAT writers , whose are n't lucky enough to have parents who are publishers , are n't getting any recognition or deserved respect.This gimmick might get the kid a day on the Oprah show , but this book wo n't be remembered at all in 20 years . I do n't mean him any ill will , but I hope he spends the coming years furthering his education , reading a wide variety of genres , and working on actual style and tone . If he lets his ego get too high from this cheap publicity stunt , when the dragon 's wings are inevitably clipped he 's going to have a long way to fall .
 This book was a bore . It was too unbelievable and never really captured my attention . So eragon finds a dragon egg , big deal . It has an unbelievable ending to a simply bad book . ...
 Really , the worst thing about the book is all the cheesy dialogue ; the moment the story started with `` Stop whoever is coming ... or die '' I knew I was in for a roller coaster ride of cliches . His writing and descriptions are n't impressive either . Writing 101
 Your average ho-hum fantasy good guys win , bad guys vanquished . Cliched , poorly written . Good stuff for a tweener maybe , but do n't expect to get any originality with this book .
 I 've never taken the time to write a review , but this book was a real disappointment . This is a weak `` Lord of the Rings '' rip-off . The writing is like being hit over the head repeatedly ... no subtlety . The character development is roughly , `` Eragon realized he was n't a farm boy , but a mighty dragon rider with a responsibility to all the little children . '' Or , `` Eragon felt really , really bad that his mentor died . `` Paolini is so wrapped up in writing an epic that he forgets , or is unable , to make his characters real . They 're one-dimensional and weak.Paolini seems to hope the plot can drive the book , supported by the details of the world he 's `` creating . '' The problem is that he 's not creating anything , just stealing from the Lord of the Rings . His world of humans , elfs , and dwarfs is a weak contrast to the Rings series and other books.What drove me over the edge to write this is that Paolini is arrogant enough to write this as a multi-part series . The ending is lame , with a big voice that says , `` Come find me ... '' It 's amazing that he expects this book would draw us back.Bottom line
 I first heard of this book while watching the Today show . The promising interview -LRB- and Mr. Paolini 's terrific artwork -RRB- convinced me that I had to read this book . So I was thrilled when my husband surprised me with a copy.Sadly , I soon realized that ERAGON -LRB- which had been described as `` better than Harry Potter '' by a young reader referred to in the interview -RRB- was nothing more than a cobbling together of stories by more talented writers . How I can justify the incongruity between the praise in the interview and my poor reading experience ? Perhaps this book would be pleasing to someone who 's time spent with the fantasy genre consisted of the Harry Potter stories excusively . But for anyone who 's come within ten yards of David Edding 's BELGARIAD series , or Anne McCaffry 's DRAGONRIDER series , or a dozen other well-known stories , ERAGON is a sad and frustrating copy.For an intelligent tale of magic and self-discovery , start with Edding 's PAWN OF PROPHECY . His characters are compelling and three-dimensional . The occasional humor is a delightful counterbalance to the action . Unlike Eragon and his companions , you actually care what happens to young Garion and company.If the concept of dragonriders is appealing to you , check out McCaffry 's DRAGONFLIGHT . Here you get fully-fleshed dragon-dragonrider relationships , not to mention a complex , believable social structure.Besides Paolini 's obvious borrowing from these and other authors , I found the extensive list of made-up words highly annoying . With few exceptions , they were poorly crafted , unnatural-sounding , and failed to add interest to the story . If only Paolini had read Vonda McIntyre 's `` Pitfalls of Writing SF and Fantasy '' -LRB- see her website -RRB- , particularly `` Pitfall # 7
 Eragon belongs in the category of fan fiction . No wonder reviewers are dazzled
 ... The prose is an unholy mish-mesh of melodramatic simple sentences . A perfect example : `` Wind howled through the night , carrying a scent that would change the world . A tall Shade lifted his head and sniffed the air . He looked human except for his crimson hair and maroon eyes.He blinked in surprise . The message had been correct
 I 'm not sure what fantasy/science fiction epic was not ripped off by the young Paolini to fuel his insipid young boy meets dragon story ... but in the end it matters little.No matter how many great works one rips off , if the author has no unifying vision of their own , if they have nothing to say , then their book will be a mess.Eragon , and it 's equally uninspired sequels are exactly that .
 Okay , I admit it , the cover art drew me in . Unfortunately , the writing quickly threw me right back out . This book 's editor should be simultaneously disbarred and pelted with marshmallows . Wow ! This book is a real stinker .
 This book has gotten lots of attention since it first came out , partly because the author is so young . He was fifteen when he started the book , and was nineteen when it was published . I do not generally like to judge based on age , especially since I am a young writer myself , but when I read this book , I could TELL that the writer was either young or an immature writer . The book was published by the author 's parents ' publishing company , and only later sent to Knopf by a published writer whose kid had picked it up at one of the family 's self-funded book signings and liked it . Then the book was re-edited and repackaged and re-released under that label . I believe that if this book had meandered its way to publishing houses the usual way , it would have been rejected as unpublishable , for reasons I will discuss in depth here.Christopher Paolini himself , in his own words , describes his story thus
 Okay , so Christopher Paolini turned his thesaurus upside down and shook out a few different words , but , for all of his rearranging , he could n't cover the fact that this book is completely unoriginal . Intellectual property by any other name ... Those searching for a cliche can find solace in `` This book is a cure for insomnia '' . It 's been said that when a new book is published , read an old one . If you have read only the major works of fantasy , read or seen `` Lord Of The Rings '' , or have even a vague remembrance of the plotline of the `` Star Wars '' movies , then take heart , for you can say with all honesty that you have read `` Eragon '' . It 's no excuse that the author is just 19 . He can be tried as an adult , you know .
 I was dismayed by the title -LRB- way , WAY too similar to Aragon of LOTR -RRB- but since it 's a fat fantasy , gave it a try . Kept on going , despite increasing dissapointment at words , characters , settings lifted directly from other books & movies . Stone that turns into dragon = Simak , people riding dragons = McCaffery , tuatha as magic word = Willow , old man as warrior in hiding = Star Wars , elves as beautiful guardians of the good = Tolkien , etc. , etc. . There were just TOO many borrowings to be credible . It was similar to the fan fiction one sees on the web , or that most of us wrote in high school . Then I find out afterwards ... he WAS in high school ! So that explains it all . When he finds a voice of his own , he 'll be a good author , but I 'm afraid this was n't it .
 Eragon was kind of good , but mostly , I hated it . The words are too sophisticated for a kid 's book , and mr paolini got most of his story from lord of the rings and harry potter . Make the right decision folks ! DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK !!! Stick with harry potter and lemony snicket .
 Thank you for taking the words out of my mouth . God , this book is lame . If you 're seeing this , Ken , Dragons
 This book was The Dragonriders , LOTR , and HArry Potter in one . Even the names arent original , the Hero of destiny
 To call this book bad would be an understatement , it goes beyond bad , it 's outright terrible !! I ca n't believe that this book was even published . It was written by a teenager and it shows , It reads more like a high school project , something he had to do for an creative writing class . I 'm not going to go into great detail why this book is so bad , it just is .
 Stupid , moronic , idiotic . I 'm twelve . This is the stupidest fantasy I 've read in a long time . You other young readers make me sick .
 As many others have said , this book is `` Star Wars '' set in a Tolkien world with a dash of Anne McCaffrey thrown in for good measure . I do n't fault the author . I think it is remarkable that a 16 year old had the self-discipline to write a 500 page novel . However , I ca n't understand why a publisher would have printed it.If the book were simply derivative , I could have , perhaps , forgiven the publisher . But the book is poorly written as well . The style is awkward . The punctuation is poor . The characters are cardboard figures with the emotional depth of ... well , a 16 year old.I do n't buy into the excuse that `` Eragon '' was intended for young readers and not for a more critical adult audience . If anything , standards should be higher for children 's literature . Every book is a learning experience for a child , and the children reading this book are going to learn that it is alright to place your commas is odd places . They are going to learn that it is acceptable to `` borrow '' your story from other writers . `` Charlotte 's Web '' is a good children 's book . `` Eragon '' is a step below comic books as appropriate reading material for children.So ... the author is young and inexperienced . The publisher probably saw dollar signs when presented with an opportunity to sell a slightly repackaged version of Star Wars-Tolkien-MaCaffrey . But where was the editor ? Surely , there must have been an editor who could have coached Paolini through some of the more obvious flaws in the book.In summary , the author should be congratulated for his industry . The publisher should be sued . The editor should be fired .
 I definitley give ` Eragon ' a -5 * star . I would if it were an option.Some well known ` funnies ' to eragon1 . Aria and Eragon will probably turn out to be brother and sister .2 . Eragon is mad at Murtagh for being not ` merciful ' enough , and later in the book is happy that murtaggh is such a ` merciless ' fighter .3 . Guess what story this is
 This book was disappointing . As stated in other reviews , it was derivative and clich&eacute; . It had all of the same elements as every other bland fantasy book , along with the extra baggage of a teen-aged writer trying to flex underdeveloped vocabulary muscle -- one gets the feeling that Paolini wrote the book with his high school vocabulary lists on one side , a dictionary on the other , and classic fantasy books in his lap . The dialogue was stilted and unnatural , and the reader finds it hard to care about any of the characters because they 're not well developed . One of the review blurbs on the dustjacket 's back calls Eragon a `` precocious debut . '' I think that 's true ; but Paolini 's quite aware that he 's out of his league , and tries to compensate for his uninspired vision by using big words as well as stereotypic characters and generic action sequences . Unless Fox makes some drastic changes in dialogue and character development in its upcoming film adaptation , the movie will flop due to poor critical reviews and snickering , exhasperated audiences . Hopefully the rest of the planned trilogy will improve the story and make `` Inheritance '' worth the readers ' time and money .
 The essence of Eragon 's failure is its lack of earnestness . What Paolini has done is simply a failed amalgation of adolescent , prepubescent tales that caught his fancy . His depictions of women are ethereal , full of boyish longing . His plot flits hither and thither , from one iconic fantasy tale to another . But what is worst , beyond the sheer silliness of its subject matter and the workmanlike quality of its prose , is the mediocrity in which his subject matter is immersed . Like an adolescent preening for profundity , he simply lays naked a frightening lack of talent , and disregard for the innards of what gives true writing DEPTH . This tale skims surfaces , never plumbs the real depths of its protagonists , makes its antagonists caricatures rather than characters . A painful work to read . Adults and those of discerning intelligence -- let the children read this , and have their day . Maturity awaits them down the road .
 Maybe it 's me , but I think the fact that I 'm repeatedly told that this novel was written by a fifteen year old is some kind strategic sales tactic by the publishers . I mean , knowing that the author is a minor already has us inclined to think that this novel will be nothing short of spectacular . If he 's only fifteen , than this had better be a darn good book for it to be published ! Of course , like most assumptions , that turned out to be wrong.What 's wrong with this book ? Aside from technical aspects , like awkward sentencing and poor editing , the real problem with this novel is that its author seems too focused on copying other , better writers . Paolini seems very keen on pulling off a Tolkien-esque story with a Tolkien-esque narrative , which makes this entire book -LRB- pretty though the packaging may be -RRB- seem awfully amateurish.I strongly discourage the continuation of this series , because it 's extremely derivative . I suggest The Lord of the Rings trilogy -LRB- though weaker readers will find it exhaustive -RRB- or the Harry Potter books -LRB- note
 First , I do think that this writer did have a good writing style , wich is why he gets at least 2 stars , however , the characters , especially the main character had NO PERSONALITY !!! He was so ... characterless , I actually did n't care wherther he died or not ! Also this books lacks originality . If this is one of this first fantasy books you 've read then you might not be as dissapointed , but this book copied soooo many other fatasy books . It could actually be a fan fiction . I was really frusterated by the fact that he got so much publicity with this book , and yet ... it 's nothing original or special . On the other hand , the author is a good story teller . I was never bored while reading the book , but I was deffinatly dissapointed .
 I bought this book as a christmas present for a woman who loves children 's books , and fantasy books in particular . Unfortunately while Eragon might be compelling to a teenager , it 's almost unbearable to people with more of a nuanced perspective to the world . Think of it as a story for people who still like the taste of artificial grape flavoring.First , the story as a whole has no arc . Or rather , it borrows several arcs that have been used before , and merely concatenates them together . It starts out as a story about coming into unexpected responsibility , learning skills , etc. . There 's a limpid revenge theme that starts up and falters a few times . Then the reader is thrown into a love interest that was forshadowed in a most heavy-handed manner , and which is described in such embarassingly adolescent language that I winced -LRB- as did another reviewer -RRB- . Eventually the story turns into a race against time , except that they refuse to take advantage of their winged dragon , who can fly vast distances very quickly.There are annoying little inconsistencies . For example , in the beginning of the book they seem to cover about an inch of map in a week . At the end , they 're covering the same distance in a day.At one point , about 100 pages in , I felt as if the writing had developed an iron-lung style rythm . I did n't analyze it enough to find out what exactly was going on , but I think it was a span of several pages filled with sentences that all followed identical grammatical structures . It was a very unpleasant sensation to read through ; kind of like a sing-song poem where the lines all rhyme and have the same number of syllables.At the end of the book , Eragon has n't actually achieved anything , except to memorize the lessons that were handed to him on a silver platter by suspiciously knowledgeable and conveniently-placed characters . He has nothing to be proud of -- I had the distinct feeling that I had just read about a rich boy collecting all the opportunities and advantages that a rich boy should expect . This feeling was n't helped by the fact that this book was originally published by Paolini 's parents ' publishing house -- I get the distinct feeling that if the author had n't been bankrolled by his family , this story never would have seen the public.There are some promising parts to the writing , however . The description of baby Saphira was endearing . The description of the dwarf stronghold was beautiful . Replacing the idea of `` good guys vs bad guys '' with a power struggle between equally self-interested groups was promising , although it was n't carried out very well -LRB- it 's clear that one group really is supposed to be better than the other -RRB- . I look forward to the author gaining more experience with storytelling , character development , and life struggles in general . Maybe someday I 'll be able to recommend one of his books .
 First , I did not know anything about the writer when I picked up the book at my local book store . I just wanted a fresh story for the weekend.I found myself baffled at the low quality of it all . The story is the most stereotypical thing you could ever come up with , still , that was the only thing I could actually enjoy . That is ... if I just skipped reading more than perhaps one word each three lines.The characters are non-sensical and flat , the descriptions of the surroundings uninteresting and the dialogs are so stiff that you wa n't to weep . Christopher just does n't have any feel for drama.I found myself thinking that I actually could have written this . Perhaps even better . And then I read about Christopher and realized that I actually did write stuff like this when I was in that age.The difference between me and Mr. Paolini is that I read my own work and realized that it just was n't good enough.Just to sum it up
 First off , I want to say that I am slightly biased . I worship J.R.R. Tolkien and his epic , beautiful , lyrical works . I also respect other writers such as David Eddings , J.K. Rowling , and Ursula Leguin . So maybe my preferences led me to a book with a gorgeous blue dragon that looked distinctly human on the cover . When I first happened upon Eragon , I had no idea who the author was -LRB- or , shall I say , how OLD he was -RRB- and I had never heard of it before -LRB- ignorance is bliss -RRB- . So when I picked it up , I read the first couple of pages , and I was a lost cause . Though there are many factors that contribute to Eragon 's failings as a fantasy novel -LRB- or a novel in general -RRB- , the two most blatant are writing using a photocopier and writing without the skill to do so . I admire Christopher Paolini so much because he has sufficient firmness to go on with such an epic -LRB- the task , not the result -RRB- task till the end . But the admiration ends there . I do n't think that his age should excuse the pomposity and dullness of his language and overall lack of technical skill . He has a real knack for taking a whole lot of SAT level vocab , putting it together , and making it mean NOTHING AT ALL . How 's this for an example ... `` May thee who enter here forget thine impermanence and that which is beloved '' ; this is an inscription on the citadel of Dras-Leona , and I still ca n't grasp it . There is just something so superficial and fake about CP 's writing style that I know for sure his novel is popular only because of the intricate plot rather than a sublime and beautiful mastery of the English language . Though he graduated at 15 , I guess he did n't take Creative Writing 101 . My next pet peeve is a fairly common one , and it is that there is not one ounce of originality in Eragon . I wo n't bore you with all the sordid details , but do n't expect anything new , and do n't expect anything great from Eragon . At best , it is a mildly interesting , simplistic novel that that will deliver you from extreme boredom . At worst , it is a poor attempt by an adoring fan to emulate those who are far , far greater than he . Maybe later , CP , but for now , you are n't fit to wipe Tolkien 's shoes . SHAME ON YOU !
 I 'm reviewing Eragon , by Christopher Paolini.He started writing this book when he was fifteen , and it shows . At the beginning of the book his writing is childish , he goes out of his way to describe meaningless details . -LRB- Who needs to know exactly how many left and right turns there are on the pathway ? The readers are n't going to be quizzed on that , now are they ? -RRB- Unfortunately , the book does not get better as its writer ages . It is full of lamentably overused fantasy cliches -LRB- elves are , surprise surprise , once again the `` perfect '' race of creatures with superintelligence and fabulous good looks . The orcs - excuse me , `` Urgals '' , are the dumb , beastly pawns of the ` terrifyingly evil overlord ' . -RRB- and story lines that a four-year-old could see coming . The main character 's wise old mentor is actually a knight of the ancient order ? Who would have guessed ! Eragon 's new friend has a mysterious past ? Oh , horrors!Halfway into the book , our ` fearless hero ' -LRB- merely a Luke Skywalker in Frodo Baggins clothing -RRB- begins to have dreams about the standard-issue Beautiful Heroine . Of course , she is a beautiful Elf that will fall madly in love with our hero after he rescues her . I was rooting for the Elf to die before Eragon was able to save her . Young Master Paolini had the perfect chance to skew the fantasy stereotypes that plauge this genre , but instead he chose the safe route and it paid off
 I was given this book as a Christmas present and decided to read it . I 'm 41 , by the way , and have read a few books and written a few stories in my day . I see this book has received over a thousand reviews so I 'll keep mine short.Good points : The writing is technically sound for the most part -LRB- by that I mean at least grammatically correct -RRB- and the writer followed the classic pattern of the `` epic '' -LRB- hero travels around discovering secrets of him/her self and growing in power reaching a climax of killing the evil one -RRB- . Bad points : The plot is completely cliche and `` safe '' , woven from the fabric of all the stories the author had loved -LRB- Star Wars , Dragon Riders of Pern , Lord of the Rings , and perhaps even The Song of Albion and others -RRB- prior to writing his story . He even names the evil empire , `` the Empire '' ! Tip of the hat or uninspired plagiarism?His writing style reflects his age
 First of all , I love to read . I devour books almost obscenely . J.R.R. Tolkien , J.K. Rowling , C.S. Lewis , Brian Jaques , Richard Adams , Orson Scott Card , Susan Cooper Stephen R. Donaldson , George R.R. Martin , Diana Wynne Jones , Caroline Funke , Shakespeare , Whoever the heck translated Beowulf , Homer , etc. . And when I first heard in eighth grade that a teenager had written a book I was in awe . It was my lifelong -LRB- or since the fifth grade -RRB- dream to write a book . I could n't wait to get my hands on it . I remember , when I bought it , I tore into it ravenously , like a starving man on a Christmas ham.By the end of the prologue , I was beginning to have my doubts . And just a short way into the book , I was already disappointed . But I plowed ahead , giving the book a chance . However , all things considered , I have to admit that I did not like this book at all . It was a cute plot . Common , yes , but cute . In fact , if written well , it had the potential to be charming . A farm kid who lives with his uncle finds a dragon and they go off on adventures together to save life as the way they know it from an evil Emperor . Sounds like a good ride . I 'm a sucker for the ride , you know . I fall for it all , the lead , the hook , and I allow the author to drag me on a wild ride . Sometimes , I purposefully try not to figure out what 's going to happen just to be surprised . But Paolini 's book was SO typical that I found myself predicting -LRB- correctly ! -RRB- exactly what was going to happen next . Do not get me wrong , I feel that Paolini has talent . He just needs to develop it and start thinking originally . He needs to broaden his horizons , read non fantasy books , and read reviews of his stories on sites like this one and learn his weaknesses so he can focus some of his attention there . Maybe he should study different time periods in history , find out what they wore , how people lived , what tools they used . I 'm taking a college course history class that is offered by my high school and I 've found that because I 'm more knowledgeable about the histories and cultures of different places in the world my writing is more realistic , more tangible . Just a few suggestions . I 've heard that Paolini does n't read reviews of his work . I do n't know if this is true or not , but if it is I do n't think it 's right . As Hermione said in Harry Potter
 I recently read both books in this series and I do have to comment on it.Yes every fantasy author borrows from others , most often Tolkien , who those authors in turn borrowed from earlier works and so back and back ... but there is a difference here in the borrowing . I do n't have problem that the young author of this book borrowed such ideas , but rather that in borrowing them he did not implement them in a fashion that is both subtle and a slight nod to those that he did ... unlike those authors that have borrowed before him . Also of note on something that I did not much care for was really encapsulated by the movie -LRB- which is another thing entirely but bears mentioning here -RRB- in that it seems time and physics did not seem to come into play too much ... most especially in the movie but also to a lesser extent in the book as well . It is true that many authors and writers of both books , movies , and especially TV shows stretch time and physics to fit their plot -LRB- as J.M. S. once said of the ship speeds in Babylon 5 `` the ship moves as fast as the plot needs '' -RRB- , but those that do have done so with an elegance and almost invisible touch to it ... while the young author of this series does so like an avalanche down a mountain side.It 's disheartening to know that chances are the author of the series will likely never move forward in his style and writing skills as his fame and money that he has made and will continue to make on the sale of this series will blind him -LRB- the old dollar signs in the eye syndrome rearing it 's ugly head -RRB- . Because this work shows some promise for an early author ... much like the works of many writers do when they are first going to their writing classes and all.I can only imagine that the reason this series has become so popular is because of it 's marketing ... which as history shows is the key to making money and fame .
 I really do n't get why this book is so highly praised . Yes I get that someone younger than myself wrote this book and I probably could n't do a better job of writing it , but its NOT THAT GREAT . As everyone has been saying , it stole a bunch of ideas from other influential fantasy novels , which is fine but it poorly mooshed them all together to make a really long , dry book . Great storyline , but it could have been played up a lot more . It was too long . And it 's not that I do n't like long books . I love Harry Potter and the Count of Monte Cristo , but they are able to hold my attention and admiration the whole way through . This one was hard to get through . I bought the second book and still have n't read it because I 'm dreading that it will be the same thing all over again . I will see the movie and hopefully that will be more exciting than the book .
 The problem here is n't really that Paolini has pilfered other authors ' ideas . That , in itself , would n't be a problem if the story , characters and dialogue were engaging . I happen to find The Sword of Shannara a fun read , even though it lifted nearly every character archetype and concept from Lord of the Rings -LRB- a charge which Brooks denies , btw -RRB- . But Terry Brooks was able to make the world of Shannara unique or at least somewhat his own -LRB- Brooks also wrote some other good Shannara books , such as Elfstones of Shannara -RRB- . I 'm not saying Brooks is a tremendous author , but his works have at least something to offer.But Eragon 's characters and story are n't engaging , his world suggests nothing uniqe and the book is not particularly well written . With so many disparate elements pulled from other works , he has created a sort of `` Frankenstein 's Monster '' of fantasy novels . The book is rather hodgepodge ; there is no backbone , no weight , no glue . At least it has none of its own but tries to assume that of other books , almost through osmosis . Ideas are taken from other works -LRB- the names of which have already been mentioned ad nauseum -RRB- and just sort of inserted . It has a sort of `` write-by-numbers '' feel to it.The story lacks a strong sense or weight of history , though the author tries to effect such throughout the book . Things just sort of happen because they 're supposed to according to the usual fantasy story template not because the author had any particular vision . The result is , unfortunately , artificial.For example , the boy Eragon becomes a so-called -LRB- and quite accomplished -RRB- Rider before the reader even gets a sense of or appreciate what a Rider is -LRB- assuming they 're unfamiliar with McCaffrey 's Pern series , that is -RRB- . Also , concepts and past events are exposited to no end and too quickly as the story moves along , giving the work a rushed feel . Even the initial `` quest '' is rather weak , involving nothing more than a desire for revenge by Eragon -LRB- and an uninteresting episode or two that involves looking up shipping records -RRB- . This is the hook by which Eragon ultimately becomes the `` chosen one '' -LRB- or a chosen one -RRB- and it 's pretty non-compelling stuff . The stilted dialogue and lack of humor in the book does n't help.All this is understandable for a young author . I 'm sure ever aspiring author has done something of the same for his/her first stab at writing fantasy . The problem with Paolini 's book is that someone went and published it.Another point I 'd like make -LRB- and which has raised by others -RRB- is I 'm wondering why this is being sold as a children 's book . Even in adult fantasy , call me crazy , but I 'm not sure the sight of an impaled baby is something readers necessarily want to conjure in their minds . Such a sight would almost be a shock even in George R. R. Martin 's Song of Ice and Fire series . Presumably , it 's to make the as-yet unseen villain to be as evil as possible , but it 's forced , excessive and reeks of shock value . If you have to resort to such blatant tactics to make your villains despicable , you 're on the wrong track , imo . There are other graphic descriptions of violence in the book that seem out of place in what is allegedly a children 's book . Again , this is understandable in the sense that the writer has n't even come close to perfecting his craft . But someone told him his book was good -LRB- his parents , in fact -RRB- and they went and published it , so there 's little chance that Paolini will improve his skills as a writer -LRB- especially as he is alleged to ignore criticism - good and bad -RRB- , if his books keep making the bestseller list.I did see potential in the book and there were some passages I actually found somewhat interesting . Unfortunately , the overall concept is just too derivative and the potential is never truly realised . The idea needed further development , ingenuity and lots of rewrites.A few final thoughts : I 'm curious as to the frequent comparison in these reviews between the name Eragon and Aragorn of Lord of the Rings . The resemblance is superficial , nothing more , and there is little resemblance between the two characters . If anything , there would seem to be a greater resemblance between Eragon and Dave Edding 's Garion -LRB- perhaps another name to add to the list of ideas that Paolini borrowed -RRB- ; the archetypes appear to be similar there -LRB- I say ` appear ' because I 've not read anything of Eddings -RRB- , as do the names -LRB- if you substitute the ` e ' in Eragon , with an ` i , ' you can spell ` Garion ' -RRB- . As far as his borrowing other ideas , he 's not the only one . Besides the previously mentioned authors , Star Wars itself is hardly an entirely unique story , having borrowed from such works as LotR and the movies of Akira Kurosawa . It 's not the fact that Paolini pilfering these concepts from others , it 's that he 's not doing anything interesting with them . Again , the amateurish feel of the work is entirely understandable . What 's puzzling is that it 's been published and that so many people have failed to see it for what it is .
 Eragon seemed like a book I really wanted to buy when I had first heard of it . Usually I 'm very intuitive about books and I 've bought many books without even reading them , trusting that I would certainly love them . Nine times out of ten , that is the case . But Eragon turned out the be the one out of ten that I wish I had n't bought . Initially , it seems worth the time to read it . But I was nearly half way through the book when it occured to me that I had no particular feelings towards any of the characters . The story lacks emotion and the level of familiarity in the course of events that is necessary for a reader to truly connect with the characters and relate to them . I found that I was growing bored with the story , which seemed to be a strange combination of DragonHeart , The Lord of the Rings , Star Wars , and a little bit of Harry Potter thrown in . It has been suggested that `` Eragon '' will rival The Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter . All in all , `` Eragon '' just tries too hard to keep up with those classics , and does n't come close to delivering the unique quality of its predecessors . I would not recommend buying this book unless you read it first and really like it , or just like to collect fantasy novels .
 There are a lot of one and two star reviews about Eragon . They seem to fall into 3 categories :1 . The fantasy fans who have read other fantasy books or watched fantasy movies and therefore know that Eragon is a rip-off and they are not happy about it .2 . The people who know something about good writing and therefore know how badly written Eragon is and they are not happy about it .3 . The people who think the book is boring and predictable and ca n't finish it.Personally , I did n't like it because the female characters in Eragon are a joke . Well , all the characters are , but especially the females.I think if you buy it you 'll probably regret it . Take it out from the library and see what you think because it 's quite possible you 'll hate it .
 For all you review-readers out there , save yourself the money and do n't get this book . As stated by so many here before , it 's a rip-off of , to name a few , Lord of the Rings , Star Wars , Pern , Earthsea , etc. . Paolini ca n't even make up his own language . If you look carefully at the words , they sound / strangely / like synonyms of the word they 're supposed to mean . Let me see , the word vonder for a thin , straight stick , can I say ` WAND ' ? Or how about thrysta for thrust ... arget for silver ? The word for silver in latin is argentium . GET ORIGIONAL , CP.And for those who say , `` oh , he wrote it at the age of 15 ! '' he did n't . He was 19 . Another fact
 If this book had not had a gimmick of coming from a kid , it would have been thrown on the scrap heap at any publisher and recycled . Which it should have been . This is a really terrible piece of fan fiction , and the fact that it has gotten the attention it has is a complete sin . When I first heard that a teenager had written it , I wondered if he might have had help from his parents . Now that I 've seen it , I can only hope he did n't , because that means there are even more bad writers in the world than just him .
 Eragon has been hailed as an epic story written by a teenage prodigy , but few seem to realize the sad truth about this book and its sequel . There is barely any original plot or characters in this entire series , and it very much lacks in writing talent and ability . If it had been written by , oh say , a middle aged person who had experience in the writing field , it would have never been published . The author simply takes chunks from other , better stories such as the popular Lord of the Rings trilogy , Earthsea , the Dragon Riders of Pern , and Starwars , and pretends they are his own ideas . I highly recomend you skip this book and look for something with a little more taste .
 As a rule I always finish a book , even if I find it boring , but I had to give up on Eragon . It is one of the most insipid , ingenuine and unimaginative fantasy books I 've ever read . I am quite ashamed to admit that I bought it because of the hype they made and because they are making a film of it -LRB- with several production locations in my country , Hungary -RRB- . However , trying to read the book , I completely fail to understand why anyone in their right mind would want to make a film of this crap . And why are they making such a fuss about the book and its author ? Oh , he is young ... . So what ? His lack of experience and talent is obvious from the very first chapter on . His writing style is poor , almost painfully so.The whole story is like a heap put together from ideas of Lord of the Rings , Wheel of Time , etc. . There is nothing you have n't read before and the poor quality of plot , characters and language of course can not make up for the unoriginality.Don ' t waste time and money on this book ... or ... Oh my ! ... the sequels .
 Regarding the upcoming movie Eragon , based on his bestselling novel , author Christopher Paolini said , `` I originally conceived Eragon as a movie . I saw the characters and action clearly in my mind . But since I did n't have the money to produce a film , I ended up writing the story as a book . '' This is exactly what is wrong with Eragon . It reads , as Paolini himself implied , like a movie ; but because it is not a movie we are deprived of the emotions invoked by music and visuals . Instead we end up with a work so technical it 's sickening to read . Had the plot been the main problem , I would have overlooked it
 When I got this , it looked like an exiting adventure story . I 've got into about a forth of the book and I ca n't read any more ! I think I 'll bore myself to death ! My parents forced me to read this , and I ca n't imagin how bad the next one , Eldest , is ! DO NOT GET THIS BOOK > IT 'S A HUGE WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 As noted so many times , but perhaps not adequately emphasized , Paolini has obviously received influences from Tolkein , Eddings , Brooks , and many others ; although influenece may be an understatement . This could easily be an uneducated rip-off of the Lord of the Rings . The book reads very much like it , from fantasy languages , to the naming of contrived species , to a hero who seems on the path to `` an epic romance '' with the most beutiful woman in the world -LRB- who also happens to be an elf -RRB- . The epic romance bit is a direct quote from the book and shows clearly the 15-year-old mind behind all this . The only bright side is that in making the main character 15 , Paolini has at least created one believable character . While there is definate potential here , Paoplini needs to start writing his own story instead of butchering his predicessors ' .
 and no doubt it will all happen again . Entertaining book , but really , past the 2nd chapter , I 've read this book before and seen the movie before . It 's Star Wars , Wizard of Earthsea , LOTR , Pern , and probably quite a few I have n't read . Sorry , this book is a blatant ripoff of MUCH better books . Read it yourself ... you 'll see .
 Wow , this book has everything ! A slight allusion to the big picture as a blue stone which contains an infant dragon is jettisoned from an elvish caravan pursued by the Empire . The caravan is destroyed , but the stone makes its way into an uninhabited region called the Spine . A farmboy named Eragon who lives on the outskirts of town stumbles on the stone , but he ca n't sell or trade it . He then finds out that the stone contains a dragon , and the Empire -LRB- Paolini uses the Empire ! -RRB- is looking for it . Eragon hides his secret until the Empire destroys his farm and kills his family , then sets on a quest with a mysterious stranger , thought to be an old crazy stroyteller . The stranger -LRB- Brom -RRB- trains Eragon in sword play and gives him a sword once owned by the legendary Dragon Riders . As Eragon and Brom work their way around , we discover Brom has a secret `` plan '' for Eragon.What to expect from The Empire Strikes Eragon :1 . Eragon is living with his uncle , has no recollection of his parents ... therefore , Daddy could be Darth Dragon Rider2 . Brom has a mysterious sword with no origin ... could be Darth 's sword before he turned to evil3 . Eragon , do n't kiss the princess , she may be your sister !!! I was n't impressed with the writing style of this book . Motives -LRB- like when the dragon told Eragon it was mad at him for always getting himself into trouble -RRB- , and writer 's conveniences -LRB- despite dying arts and languages surrounding the Art of Dragon Riding , everyone Eragon meets can talk telepathically , and speaks old elvish -RRB- made it terribly obvious that we are dealing with a fifteen year old writer . And do n't overestimate the fact that he got published at such a young age as any sort of measure of the novel 's greatness . Check out the back cover
 One of my friends recommended this book , so I had high hopes for it . Alas , my hopes were dashed . This book blatantly rips off elements of other major fantasy stories -- mainly Tolkien and Anne McCaffrey . A main character named Eragon who is a Dragon Rider that can communicate telepathically with his dragon . Gee , how original . And all the names are so unimaginative that I 'm torn between laughing and crying at the travesty -LRB- a blue dragon named Saphira ? Come on ! -RRB- . It 's pretty much a cliched travelogue . Ugh . I 'm rarely moved to write reviews but this book really just blew it . If you want some good fantasy , there 's plenty of much better stuff out there -- try some Robin McKinley , for instance .
 This is definitely your average epic fantasy with powerful heroes , sinister villians , and large-scale battles . First , let me say that I enjoy these types of fiction , being a connoisseur of fantasy novels . I would and could enjoy this book , despite a major flaw
 Eragon by Christopher Paolini was , in my opinion , an artistic failure . To begin with , the plot is as follows , briefed , of course
 Here 's an illustration of how bad this book is
 I thought this story was going to be somewhat promising since the sales rank -- but IT DEFINITELY WAS ALL HYPE . I tried my hardest to like it but the poor chracters and `` cookie cutter '' story time and again defeated that . I 've never seen a fantasy story so unabashadly rip Tolkien -- watch Fellowship the movie -LRB- or read the book -RRB- and you have the plot.One feels that he was inspired to change the names and write his ` own ' story . Inexcusable and pathetic ! The more you praise this worthless tripe folks the more of this is what your going to get . I know it 's tough people but there ARE good fantasy books out there -LRB- and certainly better writers -RRB- so show a little discretion and take a stand for quality . It 's CERTAINLY not here.Recommended for people without any taste in fantasy or like it predictable and boring .
 A visitor to this site who checks out the 1-star reveiws will probably notice quite a few of those reviews were written by people claiming to be writers . Interestingly , the writer-written reviews are some of the angriest or most contemptuous . Why?Well , Chris Paolini could n't tell you because he is n't a writer.Sure , any idiot can put words on a page , but that 's not what writing is all about . CP has put words on pages - a lot of them - but he displays none of the passion of a true writer 's heart.A novel is a very personal thing to its writer . The events in one are inspired by things the writer has really seen and done , the characters are fragments of the writer 's personality expanded into full people . Essentially , a novel is a part of its creator 's mind . This is why a lot of writers get so worked up about what they write.How do I know that CP is not a ` real ' writer ? Because his book has none of the hallmarks of a ` real ' work . It has nothing original in it - no parts of the writer 's mind have come through . The characters are too flat and undifferentiated to be parts of anyone 's real personality . There is no distinctive ` voice ' to the piece - virtually nothing about the writer 's viewpoint can be discerned by reading it . Essentially , Eragon is one very long quotation of a book . The poor writing is merely a sign of the author 's inexperience , but the unoriginality , which does indeed qualify as plagiarism , is what really damns this book . It is an empty , soulless , bland work , utterly devoid of any true passion or inspiration . All authors are passionate in some way , but this one has failed to properly apply his . If he has any , it 's not in evidence here.Oscar Wilde once said ; ` Most people are other people . Their thoughts are other people 's thoughts , their lives are imitation , their passions a quotation ' , and the truth of that has never been as evident as it is here.CP did not write because he was driven to , as ` true ' writers are , but ` chose ' to write . This is why the prose in Eragon feels so false and why the character interations are forced and unrealistic . It reads as if the author learnt all his skills by reading Fantasy Writing for Dummies . By doing what he has done , he has made a mockery of what writers live for , and that is why so many are enraged by this book . They can spot the signs . And so , it would seem , have many other people , including plenty of non-writers . This book is a phony written by a phony , and does not deserve its sucess in the slightest .
 I fail to see how anyone with half a mind could find the book Eragon enjoyable . I found it a dull and uninteresting read with nothing I had n't read in another fantasy book before . Just because the author started writing the book at fifteen is no excuse for his poor writing skills and unoriginal ideas . I warn people not to waste their time reading this book .
 Story was okay , just not the best writing . Seemed like a typical fantasy with absolutely no surprises . There are a lot better fantasies out there -- try the Book of Three or even Tamora Pierce before this ...
 This book wo n't keep you on the edge of your seat , it will keep you leaning back in an armchair asleep.Eregon is an idiot . He 's always whining , getting knocked out , whining , getting beat up , whining , snapping at someone , whining . Poalini , we hate whimpy cry-babies ! He becomes an expert swordsman in a few months ? Trust me , all trhat can be learned in a few months are the basic moves , and there 's a lot more to swordsmanship than the moves . It 's clear that Poalini did n't study the subject before he wrote about it . In one sequence while he 's fightin he 's `` combining different moves '' . You ca n't combine different sword moves , thats like combining walking and sitting.Of course he has to fall in love with the beeeeeautiful girl -LRB- why she likes him is beyond me . -RRB- I heard that the character Angela -LRB- why do the women have normal names ? -RRB- was based on Paolini 's sister . If I were her I 'd sue him ! Angela is the second stupidest Character in the book ! The battle was completly undescribed . How does Saphira suddenly wind up surrounded by Urgals -LRB- do n't even get me started on them -RRB- who are sticking her with spears piercing her armor which was supposed to be sooooo strong , and she ca n't fight back . And during the battle all Eregon seems to do is see his friends fighting . Arya , Eregon 's love interest , was so over described that I got sick . She has long , flowing dark hair , slanted eybrows , a scar on the cheek -LRB- strangley enough like Liv Tyler in LOTR -RRB- Eregon has dark eyes and dark hair but thats all we know about him -LRB- a bit like Paolini , hmmm might have uncovered something there -RRB- . Almost all the story lines were copied from something else . Here 's something I ca n't figure out
 I really do n't understand the big deal over this book . Okay , I 'm 12 and an avid reader and sometimes writer , but I could write a better book than this ! Let 's see if any of this sounds familiar to you
 My recommendation for this book
 As I read this , I was constantly shocked by the complete lack of originality of the book . It is one thing to be influenced by great fantasy writers , quite another to unabashedly lift ideas from them , as Paolini does . Many of the people praising him do so because they are caught up in the hype of his being a 15-year-old writer . I suggest they read Anne McCaffrey 's books to see what a whopping amount of her dragon lore he has borrowed . For the source of his treatment of elves and dwarves , look no further than JRR Tolkien.Bottom line - disappointing for someone who is familiar with his sources , and is evaluating the book on its merits as a work of fantasy , not as ` a-work-of-fantasy-written-by-a-fifteen-year-old ' . It might be ` original ' for someone who is not .
 On the one hand , it 's kind of neat seeing a teenager writing a book and getting it published . On the other hand , it 's not `` neat '' if it 's a BAD book originally published by the kid 's PARENTS , for god 's sake ! I agree with most of the 1-star and 2-star reviewers here , and will not repeat their points about how derivative , formulaic , uncreative , and frankly , embarrassing this book is.I would just add that Eragon is an incredibly obvious -- and cynical -- attempt by Knopf to cash in on the Lord of the Rings phenomenon . Let 's see , `` Eragon '' / `` Aragorn '' , `` The Spire '' / `` The Shire '' , a stone that ca n't be damaged when struck by a sword/a ring that ca n't be damaged when thrown in the fire or struck by a sword , elves/elves , dragons/dragons , etc. etc. . Yawn.Unfortunately , Christopher Paolini is no JRR Tolkien , by any stretch of the imagination . In fact , Tokien is probably rolling over in his grave right about now . Still , I will be curious to see what , if anything Paolini comes up with in the future . Right now , I 've got to say I am NOT optimistic .
 Well , I would have liked to give the author a better rating , just because he young and all . But I have to at least want to finish a book in order to feel like giving it three stars . While reading Eragon , I kept feeling as if I was wading through the untried fantasies of an adolescent boy . Sorry , but I 'm not enough of a voyeur to want to do that . I 've read some very convincing fantasies , but this one did n't ever allow me to forget that I was reading . Little details were off -- things like when Eragon 's legs are bleeding through his pants from sitting on dragon scales , but yet the pants never tore ... that 's one example of many . Details make a book , and careful attention to detail was missing here . Also , the characters did n't seem real . I 've never been drawn to female characters who seemed to exist solely for the convenience of the male characters . The chemistry was lacking between people . I think this may be because the author , being a kid , never had to test his abstractions against reality . I do n't hold that against him , because most kids have n't had to do that , and that 's part of what makes them wonderful . But it did make me a little queasy to read Paolini 's ` wise old ' characters , who did not seem eotjer wise or old.I got this book because it was selected for a book discussion group I go to . Even so , I did n't actually finish it , and neither did a lot of the other members . Well , it 's the holiday season and people are busy . We 're all in our twenties , so maybe that 's it , although we all enjoyed Harry . We concluded that Eragon is just one of those inexplicable fads that come over the masses now and then . I 'm not even sure why I feel compelled to write this review -- maybe just a bit of resentment for having shelled out the bucks to buy the book.I think that in another ten years , Paolini may be able to write something I 'd want to read . But right now he 's still finding his footing when it comes to writing . In a word
 While normally I 'm cautious about buying hardcovers , particularly by authors I 'd never heard of before , seeing this book promoted so heavily in every bookstore I visited convinced me that the price would be worth the reading . I was wrong.Characterization in this book is unoriginal and sloppy , especially -LRB- and unfortunately -RRB- with regards to the main character . Christopher -- oh , I 'm sorry , I mean , Eragon -- initially has little or no personality , and is later prone to random and inexplicable bursts of anger or sadness . Not to attack the author -LRB- though I guess I am -RRB- , but the main character seems to be nothing more but a teenager 's projection of his omnipotent fantasy self . Lo ! It 's a strapping youth who is an expert hunter and must care for his family , who receives one of the last dragons in the land , who masters swordplay in a matter of days -LRB- a slight exaggeration , but only slight -RRB- , who also happens to have a hidden , powerful spring of magic ! There is nothing he can not do!Plot is as unoriginal as the characters , with events proceeding in a single , orderly line so as not to distress the reader and help him or her to sleep more quickly . There are no surprises at all in the storyline - how does that old man know magic ? Gasp ! Really ? Essentially every typical fantasy plot was thrown into a mixer and spit out onto the pages , making a very dull read.Finally , in response to a reviewer who said that they `` have yet to actually read this book , '' and seemed to have given it five stars simply because the author was young ... frankly , that 's a terrible reason to rate a book highly . There have been many young authors who actually wrote quality works , but this is n't one of them . I was disgusted to discover that this book 's popularity mainly stems from the fact that his parent 's owned a publishing company , and then heavily promoted this book.Some have said that reviewers who judged this work harshly are coming down on it too hard , since it was meant as a children 's book . I say that children especially do not deserve poorly written and unoriginal stories .
 How this book ever got to be a bestseller is beyond me , as it 's some of the poorest material I 've ever read . - The plot is almost directly copied from the first `` Star Wars '' film , most of the names and settings are copied from `` Lord of the Rings , '' and the premise of Dragon Riders is lifted straight from Anne McCaffrey 's `` The Dragonriders of Pern '' books . I 'm surprised Lucas , McCaffrey and the estate of Tolkein do n't sue Christopher Paolini for plagarisation . - Paolini 's writing style leaves a LOT to be desired . He describes every single little detail of the landscape but does n't bother to tell us what the main character looks like . He uses endless adverbs to tell us exactly how every line of dialogue is spoken -LRB- a prime example being '' ` Why ? ' enquired Eragon , quite curious '' -RRB- , and he never uses the word `` said . '' And despite his best efforts he violates the `` show do n't tell '' rule . - I absolutely hate the main character . Eragon is a whiny , stuck-up brat who has an unbelievable ability to master anything within the space of a few days . And let 's not forget the fact that he gets knocked out at the end of every other chapter.Something saddening about this book is the effect its success has had on Christopher Paolini . It 's made him arrogant , conceited and pretentious . From reading the sequel to `` Eragon '' -LRB- the equally poor `` Eldest '' -RRB- , from reading and listening to Paolini in interviews , or from simply looking at his picture , you can tell that he thinks he 's the next Tolkein . And his pretentiousness is summed up perfectly in the now infamous quote from his website , `` I strive for a lyrical beauty somewhere between Tolkein at his best and Seamus Heaney 's translation of Beowulf . '' It 's saddening indeed that Paolini has allowed the success of his book to go to his head like this.Before I go , I have something else to say . Will people please stop using Paolini 's age as an excuse to praise this book ? For starters he is n't a child any more -LRB- he 's 22 -RRB- , and though he started it when he was 15 he finished it when he was 19 . I 'll fold and admit that it 's an achievement for a young person to write a 500 page book , but his age does n't make it a good book by any means , and the only reason he got it published was because his parents own a publishing company !
 Just a little note before the actual review
 the main character eragon is toooo whiney and the story is wayy tooo slow sometimes
 Mix together equal parts `` Star Wars '' and J.R.R. Tolkien , then add a generous helping of Anne McCaffrey 's dragon-riders and a few random shreds of Garth Nix for good measure.Obviously originality is not Christopher Paolini 's strong suit , and it shows in his fantasy debut `` Eragon , '' which was penned in his tender teenage years . It swims in fantasy cliches and stilted dialogue , but there 's a certain awkward charm in Paolini 's fantasy world . The biggest problem is , simply put , Paolini 's cardboard cutout of a self-insert hero , Eragon.The titular character is lucky enough to stumble across a strange blue stone while hunting on the Spine . After failing to sell it , Eragon finds that it 's actually a dragon egg , and the baby blue dragon inside selects him to hatch for and remain with forever . All the Dragon Riders were killed off by Evil King Galbatorix long ago , except for the weird old recluse Brom , who becomes Eragon 's mentor.And Luke , I am your father ... wait , wrong story.When Galbatorix 's men destroy Eragon 's home and family , Brom and Eragon flee to find the mysterious rebels known as the Varden . But Eragon 's dreams are being haunted by the beautiful elf Arya , and the little band sets out to save her . Eragon and his dragon Saphira learn many things -- and make new allies -- the journey to the Varden brings them a terrible -LRB- and totally predictable -RRB- loss , and leads them to Eragon 's first battle.Lofty elves , humble farm boys , ghastly goblinesque creatures , mystical women , special swords , evil tyrants who are evil because they just are , evil minions , wise mentors , and telepathic dragons in a variety of colors . Christopher Paolini never met a fantasy cliche that he did n't like . And as a result , `` Eragon '' is dripping with Tolkien and Lucas-style trappings , right down to the hero 's suspiciously Tolkienian name.Paolini paints these typical sword-and-sorcery stories with rather stilted but promising prose . `` Eragon '' has some raw rookie potential , and you can detect Paolini 's enthusiasm as he explores his invented fantasy land , much the way many other teenagers have done after reading high fantasy and yearning to explore their own made-up worlds . There 's just not much that is new or unique about this story , although Paolini throws in some attempted humorous quirks like a weird fortune-teller . The biggest problem with Paolini 's writing is that Eragon is portrayed as a noble , brave , compassionate soul with a brilliant destiny ahead of him . Well , frankly he shows no nobility , bravery or compassion , and the many characters who gasp in admiration of him does not make him any more impressive . He 's a glaring self-insert , with all the dimension of a cardboard standee , and about as sendearing.The supporting characters are not much better -- Brom is too brief a character to make much of an impact , and he seems to exist mainly to get Our Hero up to snuff in information and ability . And the love interest Arya is glorified only for her otherworldly beauty ... which is all she has . Eragon 's adoration of her seems unfounded , because er personality is chilly at best , snotty and autocratic at worst.Christopher Paolini 's `` Eragon '' is pretty much what you 'd expect of a teenage boy 's fantasy novel -- plenty of Lucas and Tolkien echoes , and a style that has n't yet gained a sense of humor about itself .
 My first thought was how close to Lord of the Rings this was . I did enjoy the concept of the story but thought it could have been more original . Eragon -LRB- Aragorn ? -RRB- to close . It was as if I were reading a distortion of LOTR , Dragon Riders of Pern , and Star Wars . I will read Eldest because I adore Saphira . She was what kept me going through it all .
 This book was all very good to start with but then the main character , Eragon , and his dragon go out to kill someone . Thats not what i like . Near the end there is also a lot of fighting . I didnt like that so much . I will still read the second one to see if it gets any better ...
 This was one of the worst books I have ever read . The plot was quite interesting , but the way it was wrtitten was horrible . It dragged on and on about unimportant topics and was extremely boring . The action started around the two hundreth page . I would definitly not recomend this book .
 If you have read J.R.R. Tolkien 's ` The Lord of the Rings ' and seen ` Star Wars
 I recieved this book for Christmas after hearing a lot about it 's 19 year old author . I originally thought wow , a nineteen yearold writing fantasy awesome , but then I started reading it . WOW this is a piece of crap . I 'm going to assume that Chris has read a lot of fantasy , and because of this has been influenced by the books that he has read to the point that he is lacking any original thoughts at all . The only reason I 'm giving this book two stars is because he is 19 and he needs props for getting a book published -LRB- even if his family oned the publishing company -RRB- when he is so young .
 Before I begin , I have to give a nod to the author who , after all , is only 19 years old . If any of my students wrote this well , I 'd be very impressed . That said , I still do n't think young Paolini is anywhere near ready for publishing , and I 'm frankly a little confused as to both how and why this book was accepted and marketed so lavishly.The plot line is predictable , the diaglogue trite , and the writing style very clearly that of a beginner . I read to page 200 , hoping and hoping that something would happen to justify the glowing reviews featured on the dust cover . Unfortunately , nothing did , and I just ca n't make myself go on . This book may interest very young teens -LRB- although in our post-Harry Potter world , perhaps not -RRB- , but otherwise , I would caution against wasting either the money or the time .
 I was very disappointed in the very blatant way the author copies his characters and plot from Tolkien 's LOTR series . Even the characters have similar names . -LRB- ex
 The fact that this author is young does IS amazing , however the literary work is not so impressive . Yes , it is in-depth and has the normal twists and turns of fantasy books , but it lacks the craftsmanship of better writers . I believe this author has not yet acheived the ability to create ` atmosphere ' liek many others have been able to . If you are interested in a hard-core fantasy series , Robert Jordan 's ` Wheel of Time ' is a great one to start in . With over 9 books , its completely comprehensive ; the first books being easy enought o read for all people , and the latter ones being rediculously awesome and complex . A must read .
 With Eragon , Christopher Paolini has attempted to write the next great epic fantasy of our time . He 's taken all the usual ingredients ; dragons , elves , dwarves , evil spirits who ca n't bear daylight , a fantastical new world , a wise , mysterious guide , and a young boy with a mysterious heritage , and mashed them together into a 500 + page novel . But in the end , Eragon is like so many other Tolkien-esque epic fantasies
 Young Mr. Paolini has a bright future as a writer should he decide to take some formal instruction . While he is obviously blessed with a fertile imagination his prose are weak and descriptions need work . I am more surprised at a publisher such as Knopf for editing the work in this fashion and question whether this was a marketing experiment geared at young readers . Nonetheless , it should not be compared to the writing prowess of authors such as Rowlings or Dhal . It is just another episode of a Hercules-like adventure . A lot of fun , but I dare to see him study at college , then read him when he has a greater command of writing . Goodluck .
 then it 's probably a dog . That 's basically what you think for Eragon , by Christopher Paolini . Excpet it 's more of a it reads like something I 've read and it has characters I know . And it is quite a bit like LOTR , with it 's Evilness and Goodness and very little in betweeneness.But for me it was better . It was faster paced and a little more exciting . But it was terribly cliched . I absolutly HATE cliches . But i must disagree about with the people who were angry that Paolini did n't use said . He did , not as much as some authors , but more then others . And it 's no big deal anyway.Not to say I did n't despise Eragon , he reminded me of things like rocks , acorns , and single celled , perfect , not and evil bone in his body , way to many talents , complaining , quick-healing , not a single true challenge , similar to author , organism.If your the kind of person that does n't mind the melodrama and redoing what 's been done before , go ahead and buy the paperback , not the hardcover . Then read it on a rainy day.Sometimes , I 'm stupid on purpose.-I think i made this one up actually , which explains why it is n't any good ...
 I 'm going to make this as short and simple as possible
 It 's sad that so much of the hullabaloo over this book comes from the fact that the author was a teenager when he wrote it . That 's all well and good and impressive , but that does not mean the book is super . I 'm sorry , but when I read it , I did not think about how old the author was and take that into consideration.The fact is that this is a so-so fantasy that follows the lines of so many other so-so fantasies without doing anything the least bit original.The characters are flat , the pacing is horrid , and someone needed to rip the thesaurus from little Paolini 's hands . No one needs that many adjectives per sentence!Painfully generic and nothing at all special .
 okay this book was ... ok . I mean who likes a book that overly describes a freakin sunset and doesnt describe a action scene literally not at all ? i mean come on . plus the writing wasnt as good as i was hoping it to be . i think christopher P. needed to wait a while and let his writng improve . the plot isnt that bad but the characters needed more depth . i dont recomend buying
 The plotline of Christopher Paolini 's ERAGON is one that many fantasy readers will find familiar
 I truly wanted to enjoy this book . But as mentioned before , the hype that went with it made have actually hurt it , since fantasy readers and ` experienced ' readers will expect so much more from such a ` young prodigy ' . truth is that the book is not bad , it is a nice and quick read for fantasy fans , but it will be that for younger readers and readers that are just getting into the fantasy books . If you have read Tolkien and Pullman and so many others you will be dissapointed by the book , cause it ends up being a D&D ; story , and any HS in the world has a good teen writer that can come up with a book like this . The plot clearly is the product of an inexperienced writer who read Tolkien -LRB- old wise man , Elven princess with a thing for the human , a hidden city in the mountains -RRB- and saw Star Wars -LRB- rebel ` princess ' with a thing for the rouge hero , hero finds missing sibbling - this last bit was not part of book 1 but you can see it comming a mile away -RRB- and formulated a very simply and predictable story -LRB- there was not one single plot twist that surprises or that does n't have a direct relation with SW and LOTR , except for the telepathic dragon and I 've been told that is also an idea from other fantasy series -RRB- . the kid has potential , but the marketing has over hyped the quality of the book , which would hurt any developing writer . It does n't help that the author over-hyped himself as well ; on his site he claims to strive `` for a lyrical beauty somewhere between Tolkien at his best and Seamus Heaney 's translation of Beowulf '' . Now that is a mouthful not easily lived up to . And from his use of language and prose , his editor should let him know he is years and years away from that.Since he is maturing , hopefully the 2nd book will reflect that , but from the reviews so far , this may not be the case . For younger readers , non-English speakers this is a good choice , since the language is simple , the story easy to follow .
 First up let me tell you something about myself , I enjoy every book from page start to end . No matter what the book it will always appeal to me . But when the book 's over , and I think about it , thats when my actual opinion of the book comes out . The same holds true for Eragon . I loved every page of it . A day after I read it , it seemed like crap ! The plot is that of every single fantasy book every written . I know there are small differences , like the fact he rides the dragon around , and that the dragon is a large part of the story , but other then that you could switch the main characters name to Frodo and you 'd have Lord of the Rings . I 'd suggest this book to anyone from the ages 0-13 it might appeal to you , with your small minds .
 Okay . This kid can write . True . But ... the incessant versions of things other than said -LRB- assured was one that irked me severely -RRB- was aggravating . And the story was SOO cliched , it was incredible . I really could barely stand it . It was just a jumble of every fantasy story you 've ever read . And I do n't think he `` was inspired by '' Tolkien . Get it right . He copied him .
 I do n't quite know how to begin . The kid is an all right beginner , but really does need to improve before I can truly complement him . To begin with , you do n't really relate to his characters the way you do in Tolkien 's books , for example . You see them somewhat far off , as if you are watching people from a foreign country , ones whom you do n't really know . -LRB- Oh , my grammar is pretty bad too . -RRB- I could n't say I was the least bit sorry when those ` good guys ' in the book died . It was just like , ` OK , so that 's that ' . When Eragon gets captured I do n't really care , It 's as if one of the extras get captured . You ca n't really identify with them , and you ca n't get deeply involved in it if you even get involved.One more thing I must write before it escapes my brain is that the ` good guys ' are shown stealing -LRB- e.g. , Eragon steals from a butcher and feels good about it because he does n't like him ; Brom steals money etc. -RRB- They are also depicted as liars , and living life only to get revenge . I think that we should not be teaching children to think that stealing from those you dislike will make you feel good , that you can lie and get away with it and that you should live for revenge . I think that some parents might want to look through this book before letting their son or daughter read it.Eragon is fifteen when the book starts and is the image of a Hollywood teenager -- he knows more than adults and feel as though they should not be telling him what to do ; you can talk back to adults and not get in trouble for it etc. . Though he gets a little better as the story wears on , its downright irritating ! Children should not think that this is the ideal lifestyle.As for the story , it needs much work . He needs to cut down on the flowery descriptions ! It drags you away from the point and you forget what he was talking about . He uses very modern characters and shoves them into medieval setting . They do n't seem as if they should be wielding swords ! I was shocked to see the phrase ` how come ' in the text.I do n't want to get to harsh , and you probably have or will read this in all the other reviews , but I 'll say it any way . Paolini just is n't very creative . He needs an original story and original names.Paolini could be a great author in the future , but he needs to take it slowly , listen to people 's criticism , and therefore improve his writing . I do congratulate him though for writing such a book at such a young age , but he really does need to work on it .
 Although I do give the author credit for being so young and publishing what must have been quite an undertaking , the end result is still a confusing mishmash of a fantasy story clearly written by a writer before his time . The main character expresses himself in some very illogical ways . Example
 Do n't get me wrong , I think its well written . And almost every modern fantasy writer draws on LOTR alot . But they have the advantage of doing it more ... subtley.But even that might have been excusable if it had been a bit more interesting with a slight hint of unique style . I also agree with everyone else in that it was predicdtable . But the thing that really annoyed me ? The fact that Eragon did not seem real . Even Brom seemed more realistic than the main character . And the way that Paolini kept on dropping BIG hints that Eragon was going to have this romantic love affair . That has really put me off the next book . And I wonder who the lover is going to be ? A beautiful elf . My advice is to read Terry Prattchet instead who at least uses characters who seem stereo-typical but really are as unpredictable as you can get .
 I got the info on Eragon on internet and was really interested in the fact the book sold million and the book was fantasy . So I bought one , spending about 30 dollars cnd . I read it , duh . `` Young master '' Paolini ? His materials should have stayed in internet . How I regret that I bought his book with an enthusiasm ! No originality ! Fantasy books are already dull with publishers publishing duplications . I mean if his success is going to get more copycats , that 's the end of all.To top it all Paolini had the right characters to write a decent book out of . There 's a boy whose father is unknown , there 's the dragon , and there 's the Gandalf ! And I do n't know who is who . They speak alike , act alike , think alike , they have no characteristics . The story is painfully slow , the elements of interest are revealed painfully plainly , I could n't see what made this book so good that I had suspicions of bribery in my head all the time while reading it.If it was on the internet -LRB- free -RRB- I would have said `` good work '' or `` hope to read more '' but dang , he published it.I was patient with the book and read it through but nobody has to go through such a tremendous effort for a book that shoud have stayed with the writer until he knew exactly what he was doing . Trilogy ... sounds tragedy .
 We 've all heard it
 Do n't bother wasting your time reading this book if you have conveniant access to either a copy of the `` Lord of the Rings '' or perhaps `` Dragonriders of Pern '' . Not only does Paolini `` borrow '' characters , theme , and overall plot from both professional works , but he practically takes them and strangulates them into his own `` retooling '' . This book is just plain awful and I honestly regret ever having shelled out the cash to purchase it .
 This book is horrible . Do n't waste your money . I 'd rather read a matchbook than this travesty . HOW did this get published ? Is the vast majority of the fantasy fan reader-base REALLY that stupid that they 'd give this steaming pile of offal 5 stars ? I fear for our future as a nation .
 Sorry kiddies -- this ai n't a good book . I 'm one of those people who usually ca n't help but finish a book I start , no matter how bad it is . I stopped reading this one . Enough said .
 I bought the mass-market paperback after seeing the movie previews . It had been on my reading list for a while , though I knew from the mixed reviews how derivative it would be . Curiosity got the better of me.I am an avid reader of classic fantasy , so I agree whole-heartedly with B. Capossere 's review . Eragon has taken me over a month to read , because I kept getting bored . The story may be exciting for young readers , but offers very little in the areas of originality and meaning . The writing is very young . I was impressed at first with the mature vocabulary , but when it comes to actual writing skill , it is sorely wanting . It follows a formula , with less reason than most . The entire series of scenes with the Varden were so illogical that I wanted to rewrite it . But the entire book seems hastily written , with very little character development or logic to the plot . It 's just a young person 's excuse to write ... which is not a bad thing , I 'm totally for creative writing at all ages . But if CP sees the need to improve his writing and does so , he may later regret the publicity given this rank amateur effort . It really should have stayed a practice novel.To be fair , I have to say that some of the descriptive paragraphs are very beautifully written .
 Like Eragon was like the best book like ever !!!! I like read it in a day , and i think like all of the other reviewers are stupid for saying that Eragon is bad cuz like Eragon is GREAT.Okay , I 'll stop now ... but that 's what some of the five-star reviewers sound like to me . They sound as if they have never read a book in their life -LRB- with the exception of some -RRB- . Obviously , Eragon is a rip-off of so many other books !!!! It really teed me off ! The stuff about the elves and dwarves did n't bother me too bad , but the Razaac really annoyed me !!! NAZGUL !!!! I hated this book . Paolini does n't have any original ideas , and the only good character is Angelina , who was based off of Paolini 's sister , so maybe that 's why she 's realistic ... This book had more than the Lord of the Rings in it ... The Dragonriders of Pern rip offs made me cry . A -RRB- , those books are REALLY good and REALLY unique , and B -RRB- eragon does a poor job of robbing them , making it all too obvious and not even a swatch of originality ... . really annoying ... but like the annoying o-my-gosher i created above , i did finish the book in the day ... like another kid said , here 's hoping for improvement in book two ... -LRB- which sounds like Star Wars to me , again -RRB- ...
 I think the book is to much like the lord of the rings with descriptions of people and places and i dont think its orginal at all.Its the same by having the character vunrable at the begin not nowing there true strength eg.Frodo , eragon.And also Brom and Gandalf are the same sort of character.The Elves and the dwarfs have the same description as in lord of the ring and the languages and names are the same.Also the Razac are like the ringwraiths hissing and black hooded.He also talks about the Evles coming other on ships and living in a forest that no one apart from the evles have travelled in without not coming out , that is also the same.I could sit here all day and compare both stories so iam just going to say all in all a very poor reflection of a really good story by J.R Tolkein .
 They say this book was written when Paolini was 15 , and apparantly that 's impressive . What is really impressive , however , is the fact that this book actually made the NY Times Book Review Bestseller List . This book is dull and unimaginitive , and the writing is hardly anything impressive . It was written by a 15 year old , but it seems like someone a lot younger actually came up with this cliche plot . Eragon is whiny , not to mention a tragic farmboy-turned-hero , and he gets a mentor , who eventually dies , only to turn out to be famous , blah blah , he falls in love with an elf ... anyone see ANYHTING of interest in this?I am honestly an avid reader , and I made it to page 252 of the book before I finally gave up with the boring , unengaging plot and the main chracter , whom I want to bash in the head . -LRB- Not to mention the entirely useless descriptions of objects and other various elements of the book that have nothing to do with the plot , or anything at all . If the descrptions are useful for anything , it 's adding to the page count . -RRB- If Paolini intended for Eragon to be a substitute for himself , then I imagine he must be a whiny , cocky imp , too . No wonder Galbatorix wants to kill him!If you 're going to read this book , or at least want a summary of it , just go read the `` What Happened in Eragon '' summary in Eldest instead . It 'll save you time and braincells .
 Do n't be fooled by editors ' words of `` promising writer '' , `` shows maturity '' , '' a new talent discovered '' , etc. , etc. , etc. . This book was written by a kid , using kid 's words , and its a childish book , very simplistic . Looked to me like it was written for a `` show and tell '' homework , and a very long one at that . I do not wonder the movie was a disaster
 -LSB- ... -RSB- When I was in grade school I could remember the corny holiday card making projects . Those with no originality , which were the majority of kids in school , sprinkled glitter and crappily and happily glued little bows on the card . Those few who rebelled and wanted to differ from the class herd , drew Santa on fire or added some far different materials on it . The point of the metaphor is , Yeah , you love/like Eragon , not so much because it is your genuine preference , but because you do not want to differ from the class herd . That and you probably lack a basic reading in significant literature . But hey , if this author can sell-out and sell his books out , more power to him . You have a right to your opinion . But that does n't make this book read any less like hackneyed cardboard fantasy prose ... it still does .
 This book is actually pretty bad.I still have n't finished it -LRB- I 'm on the part where Eragon is staying at Tronjeihm -RRB- because i ca n't bare to read it . It has waaaay too much dialogue and Paolini does n't describe the setting or anything enough to picture it in your mind . I 've heard many excuses for this book actually being good . Today at school before I wrote this , I told my friend that i was writing a review on Eragon -LRB- he has read Eragon and Eldest and loved them -RRB- . I told him that i hated the book and Paolini copied some names in the books . My friend said , `` Just because they sound almost the same , it does n't mean he copied them . '' Ok here 's a little note to Matt -LRB- my friend -RRB-
 i dont want to give a long essay so if you want that then read some of the other one star reviews . theyre all very accurate . ill just point out the one problem that really popped iout at me.i feel like the author had one of those fourth grade english teachers who told you nevef to use the word said and he has held onto that advice very closely . he uses any word he can think of even if he doesnt know the definition . if he cant think of a word he uses stated . sometimes people shouldnt even be stating things when he uses the word stated.also i feel like he was writing with a thesaurus next tto him and every time he came accross a smal word he looked it up and used the biggest most complicsted option without even bothering to check the full definition.in short dont read this book .
 I think this is probably the worst book I have ever had the misfortune to read . I have not read that much fantasy but even I could see that the plot is ripped straight from Star Wars and LOTR . What I found amazing is even after copying those plots , the author still manages to have his plot run out of steam 1/3 of the way into the book , and we spend the rest of the book wandering about his fantasy world.The characters are uninteresting , I had no emotional connection to them , and by the end of the book I was wishing someone would just kill them all off . I am knee deep in the Game of Thrones series , and those characters come alive on the page , sadly Eragon 's characters could n't be flatter if they were run over with a steam roller , and they all seem to have the same voice . Sad.It took me longer than I expected to finish this book , possibly because I spent half the time rolling my eyes in disbelief . The ink should have been purple to match the prose ! What most bugged me , apart from how we do n't get decent descriptions of the characters but he spends half a page talking about how pretty a lamp is , apart from the execrable dialogue , apart from the utterly laughable character and place names and language he created , is the way an illiterate farm boy can suddenly become a master swordsman , magician and scholar of ancient languages within a few months . Ridiculous , preposterous , and reeks of a wish fulfillment character . What 's the word for a male Mary Sue again ? Eragon whines a lot , solves all his problems with magic , never has a problem he ca n't solve because when he does have a problem he ca n't solve , he gets knocked out and someone else solves it for him . Grrr.In the end , I was most disappointed that I purchased the kindle version , as burning this book might be more entertaining than having to read it . I think actually that setting fire to yourself would also be more fun , or perhaps getting dental work done without anesthetic , or maybe just getting hit by a bus.The author is coming to a town near here on his book tour . Perhaps I will stop to heckle him , or just ask for my seven bucks back . Or I should scream `` For God 's sake Paolini , SHOW US , do n't TELL US `` To sum this book up in two words , I would say `` Sadly Lacking '' would best describe it .
 This was to be a gift for my husband who loves the Paolini stories , but also wants hardcovers in 1st edition state . A 1st edition has several criteria to meet and my Amazon purchase did not meet these . A true 1st must not be a bookclub edition - it must be part of the first original hardcover printing , ideally it also has a dustjacket with the publisher 's price not cut . The item I received was a `` 1st Edition '' from a `` special '' printing , thus not a true collector 's first edition . I returned the item , no problems , and ordered directly from an online book dealer .
 I bought the sample and just couldnt get into it . I felt as if the plot were too fast pacd . Eragon was here , and them he was there withim two sentanes . Didnt really enjoy it .
 if this is for a child then it is ok . it is fun to read . but for an adult . the plot is too simple . remember jane austen wrote pride and prejudice at 16 . and that was a much better book.if you are an adult , probably better off reading George RR martin 's game of throne series . there is more plots and depth.Eragon is made to be a stupid boy in the book who likes comforting words . who prefers not to face reality . does that really reflect what a teenager thinks ? It 's been a long time since I was a teenager . but i like to hear the truth of a situation no matter how unpleasant.i give it a 2 star and probably would get a bit more as a children 's book .
 I was excited when I got this book because I noticed in the biblio that the author is about the same age myself , and that was encouraging to me . I am into writing fantasy a bit myself -LRB- and am an English major -RRB- but it had never occured to me that I might try to publish anything myself aside from short stories locally . But , after reading this book , all I could think was
 There are so many other books to read that are fantastic in scope . If you value great storytelling , I suggest reading other authors , such as Garth Nix . His books are so much better than this `` book , '' and like others before me , I wonder how this was published .
 Having succumbed to the media hype about this book , I bought a copy at Costco . I wasted my money.Don ' t mistake this for quality writing , or look for any quality of imagination . This has none of the scope of Tolkein , which it tries to emulatle without success . It has none of the richness and versimilitude of Rowling . The situations are banal , the battles are silly , the characters are wooden . Out of deference to the critics who liked the book , I kept reading , waiting to figure out why they had praised it . I can only assume it is because of the age of the author . But that ca n't , and does n't , make this a good read . And nothing in the book itself does.The attempts to create suspense are painful to watch . Mr. Paolini should read some Stephen King or watch some Hitchcock to see how to create suspense . The character development is minimal at best . Most fantasy depends on unlikely and unexplained coincidences , but these are so unlikely as to be laughable.If you are a fantasy addict and need new books to feed your addiction , I suppose this is no worse than most other fantasy being published today , though you would be advised to wait until it comes out in paperback . But if you 're looking for a good read , skip this one .
 The novel is ok , but I ca n't praise it for its originality or characters . The plot is often convenient , predictable , and obviously taken from other books . The ending does not satisfy the reader , and the lack of consistent character development becomes annoying as characters suddenly grow and then revert to earlier behaviors.I have to agree with everyone criticizing the book 's writing style . I know the author is just beginning , but he needs several writing courses . His sentences lack variety and the book needs much more attention to editing.As a family published novel , the book is impressive ; however , as a work in mainstream publication , the work suffers from a weak tone , bad grammar , and a standard plot .
 I 've not finished this book . I 've not finished the third chapter . I 've heard such great things about this book , one of my best friends went so far as to call it `` like the best book ever . '' So far , I 've found it well written but intensely dull . I 'm willing to give it a second chance however , as long as it gets better . If its anything near as good as `` Abarat '' which I 'd consider the best fantasy book of my generation , than it 's going to get a lot better from this point .
 How people could get through the first two paragraphs is beyond me . If I want to read badly written prose that badly , I 'll go online and search for amateur writers ' forums . To be frank , most of those are better than this . '' ... and the book shows the influence of Tolkien , of course , but also Terry Brooks , Anne McCaffrey , and perhaps even Wagner in its traditional quest structure and the generally agreed-upon nature of dwarves , elves , dragons , and heroic warfare with magic swords . `` The point of CREATIVE writing is to do something that has n't already been done by EVERY OTHER fantasy writer out there . At least , that 's how it always struck me . Tolkien , Brooks , and McCaffrey have influenced a load of people , most likely each other as well , and that 's exactly what makes this piece utterly uncreative . Even the NAMES are uncreative , for heaven 's sake.No , this is not worth $ $ $ . Save your hard-earned money for something useful . Like coffee .
 The amazing thing about this book was that it was written by a 15 year old . But the bad thing is that it was horrible . The charactors were so much like LOTR . I felt like this book was too slow paced and lacked action . It also had a very loose story line and lacked any epic feeling . I also felt that is was hard to love the charectors . They all -LRB- old or young -RRB- had the heart of a 15 year old . Brom , the old wise rider , lacked the wiseness that charectors such as Gandalf had . Overall I hated this book and i dont intend on reading the rest of the series .
 I read an excerpt from this book , and I could barely get passed the first paragraph ! The writing is choppy , it 's full of terrible cliches and is probably one of the worst works of literature I have ever read .
 If you read in order to better yourself , do n't waste your time . The only ones who like this garble seem to be
 Ok , let 's get things straight , Paolini really needs to come up with his OWN story . This book is pretty much a cauldron of books thrown together . Not only that , but the descriptions and dialogue are so boring and predictable , you could fall asleep . The main character is also supposed to be bright , but he is surprisingly stupid , and it does not help the story . I am a MAJOR fan of Tolkien and the similarities between that book and Eragon , and Eldest are astounding . I mean , just looking at the map , Furnost , Melian , Hadarac Desert umm I wonder where he got that from ? LETS SEE!FORNOST , MELIAN THE MAIA , and HARAD !!! Its apalling at what this guy has written . SOOOO many similarities , it should really should not even receive a 1 . Maybe some ignorent teens or adults and even little kids may like this , but if ur a hardcore fan of most medieval fantasies , do n't even bother...-Lord Iluvatar Ambarenya Earendil
 I read a previous review that said 1-star reviewers were grumbling about it being a copy of other work . I can only wonder if this person actually read the reviews . Only a few people are grumbling about that aspect of this book . The vast majority recognize Eragon for what it is
 Before you read all the glowing reviews and buy this book , be warned
 In Eragon , orphan farmboy Eragon discovers a dragon egg , befriends the dragon that emerges from it , and learns from a mysterious mentor , Brom , about the nearly forgotten legacy of the Dragon Riders.Eragon is a book written by a 15-year-old . And it reads just like a book written by a 15-year-old . It suffers from uneven characterization , generally flat characters , and an episodic plot that wore on my patience . The dialogue was frequently awkward , and sometimes I felt Paolini was trying to write how he thought a fantasy writer should , instead of writing from his own gut . In short , the things that are overlooked , like depth of characterization , are just the sort of thing you would expect someone that young to overlook.Much seems to be made of Paolini 's relative originality . While , yes , every fantasy story under the sun derives some elements from common tropes , themes , creatures , character types , or conventions , good fantasy writers make those elements their own . Paolini was not able to put his own stamp on such things as the inexperienced youth who discovers he 's destined for great things , or the mentor/sage , or the race of elves.If the writing were stronger and conveyed a more convincing depth of emotion , the derivative nature of the book could be more easily passed over . Instead , it often feels as though Paolini is paraphrasing descriptions of emotions and characters that he 's read before , but without feeling or understanding them himself . Thus there is no overwhelming strength -- aside from potential for Paolini to develop into a good writer in the future -- to couteract Eragon 's present flaws.There were some nice descriptive passages , and the relationship between Eragon and his dragon , Saphria , was truly enjoyable , despite cipher hero Eragon 's tepidness -LRB- and the logical flaw that if Saphria is as wise and understanding as she is mere weeks after hatching , why do dragons need riders at all ? -RRB- . Credit is often given for the novel being written by ` only ' a 15-year-old , but while that accomplishment itself is notable , the product itself lacks maturity -- for which perhaps the publisher/editor is as much to blame as the author -- and there are better books , with much better writing , in this genre to be had both for kids ' and adults ' reading .
 I 'm writing this from a parents point of view . First of all , let me say I agree with the reviewer who said you should encourage your kids to read whatever the book is -LRB- within reason of course -- no 5 year old needs to be reading the `` Anarchist 's Cookbook '' -RRB- . That being said , I think you could do a lot better than `` Eragon '' in choosing a book for the young fantasy fan in your life . I 've worked in publishing for about 15 years , and this book would never have made it out of the slush pile at the company I worked for . Mr. Paolini is simply not a very good writer , and his style is a poor example for children . The story is indeed as derivative as all of the reviewers who actually put some thought into their reasing have stated , and hisp ortrayl of females is downright non-existant -LRB- I 'm sure a product of Mr. Paolini 's own lack of familiarity with this subject at the time of his writing -- he was an adolescent after all -RRB- . I would n't recommend this book to any young person I know , or to any parent . This is the muzak version of a Beatles tune , or the Sci-Fi Channel version of Frank Herbert 's books . Nice try -- but it does n't cut the mustard . Perhaps Mr. Paolini should find a new career . I 'm shocked he 's made it this far on his lack of talent .
 Save your money and buy Harry Potter . This is a cookie cutter fantasy story all the way , offering nothing new to the genre except triteness . Bland characters , bland story -- he may know how to write but this is just SO PREDICTABLE AND it borrws so heavily from Tolkien and McCaffery that is really should not have been published . Awful ! Zero stars !
 I was very much looking forward to reading this book but found it a grave dissapointment . I agree with many points made by the other reviewers who were not pleased with Eragon . I might add to those comments that JK Rowling is a good example of an author who , although extremely derivative of all fantasy novels which came before her , weaved these old ideas in a new and fresh and fun way . The characters in Eragon are stock and do not exhibit realistic development . Rather they simply fit right into new and fantastic roles given to them with the greatest of ease -LRB- ie
 ... to struggle my way through Eragon . I 'm not going to fall back on that annoying cliche and say that it 's a waste of trees , but it certainly IS a waste of my time , as a jaded fantasy veteran.I honestly have to laugh at all of the reviews stating how ` original ' Eragon is and how many ` twists ' Paolini put on the subject of dragons , magic , etc etc. . HELLO ? Go read Eddings , Jordan , and especially Tolkein and McCaffrey - and THEN we 'll see if you can talk . And no , you wo n't be able to , because you 'll finally realize how much of a ripoff this pitiful book is.The horrible , deritive plot aside , + Paolini relies far too heavily on metaphors . The sentences are awkward , and one moment Eragon will be speaking ` grandly ' -LRB- albeit ridiculously -RRB- and the next he 'll sound like some kid from the 21st century . The characters are all paper-thin - truly cardboard cutouts . I could not find one interesting character , except for Angela , who at least had a little redeeming originality and depth . And most of all - what 's up with Eragon ? He 's the whiniest , dullest , most annoying protagonist I 've ever had to struggle through 500 + pages with.Half the time I truly wanted to set Saphira 's dainty little blue tail on fire . Paolini apparently attempted to make her the ` ultimate ' best friend - and failed miserably . Witty , intelligent , caring , warm , sympathetic ? How about try annoying , superficial , and irritating?I can not spew enough of my distaste about this poor work of fiction . It 's the worst piece of ` fantasy ' I 've read in years .
 I 've been a bibliophile since I was about six years old , and this is the first and only book that I have ever thrown onto the floor in disgust . From the poor orphaned farm boy who gets swept up into an exciting adventure , to the completely predictable dragons , dwarves and elves , to the Star Wars-esque evil empire and resitance movement , to the appearance of the white bearded wizardly mentor -LRB- tm -RRB- , it seems as if every single stale fantasy cliche gets trotted out and pressed into service . This is a book composed of stock characters and overused plot points in an entirely typical and unimaginative pseudo-medieval fantasy setting . Anyone looking for a good YA fantasy novel would probably be better off with something by Diana Wynne Jones , Garth Nix , Tamora Pierce , Phillip Pullman , J.K. Rowling , Holly Black , Monica Furlong , Susan Cooper , or any of the many other writers out there who have come up with vastly better books for younger fantasy fans .
 I recieved this book for my birthday from my parents . They know I am a fan of science fiction and fantasy , liked dragons . They heard about this from some TV talk show where they had the kid on . I call him a kid even though he 's not that much younger than me . The one good thing I have to say about the author is that he can write a semi-suspenceful story so that you want to find out what happens -LRB- even though you can mostly guess as to what will happen , its so cliche -RRB- . Now for everything bad . By the time I reached page 60 I knew I was in for trouble . Everything about the Dragon Riders is identical or nearly identical to the Dragonriders of Pern series by McCaffrey , from the dragon choosing its rider to the telpathic communication.As I read on it got worse , the adventure starts when Eragon home is destroyed the single most cliche way to start an adventure . I was rolling in the floor laughing when Eragon first used magic , as it is identical to the way 99 % of spells from RPGs are cast.I wo n't pick on the author for having elves and dwarves , many fantasy stories do that are quite good in my oppinion . I will pick on him though for having the elves get to the main land the same way Tolkien does , by boat from far away lands.I will say though it is a decent read if only to laugh at the obvious short cummings of the author 's immagination . Like some places called Isenstar . Hmm lets see where he got this . . Isenguard -LRB- problably not spelled right -RRB- and Evenstar -LRB- also probably not spelled right -RRB- put them together and we have just ripped a `` new '' name from Tolkien 's names . I can come up with better names than that from online name generators.You want a GOOD fantasy story then read , Dragonriders of Pern , Tolkien , Drizzt series , and Harry Potter . Or play Lunar the Silver Star Story , any of the Grandias , or Skies of Arcadia.If you want to laugh at a cliche , copied , written with no imagination what-so-ever fantasy adventure story . Read Eragon .
 Well , ladies and gentlemen , it does n't suddenly make Eragon a better book just becuase it was written by a teenager . It attracts attention and makes people curious , but it hardly improves the quality of the book . Eragon is a mixture of choppy sentences and run-ons . A load of horrible dialogue and characters . Eragon himself may just be the worst character in the entire book with the possible exception of Angela . He , as many have said , is always knocked out in battles , wounded , falls asleep or some other rubbish ending . but he always manages to get out alright , by luck , chance , or help . Does he ever do anything on his own ? No ! Even though he stabs and kills the Shade in the end , not without the help of his loyal pathetic dragon and the sorry cliche character Arya -LRB- who could just as well be any elf in LOTRs , proud , noble , perfect , goody goody , ect -RRB- He is saved by Murtagh , by Brom countless times , by Saphira endlessly , by Anglena , everyone saves Eragon . He 's a dumb ass , a pathetic charater . Did Paolini ever just use the word `` said . '' Maybe once or twice . I heard all kinds of substitiutes
 My family of four -LRB- boys ages 7 & 13 -RRB- listened to this book on tape version during a long car ride . It was a diverting way to travel , but as a mother I kept being annoyed at how whiny and helpless the boy was . For someone taking on the world in a quest , he seems awfully lucky with regard to having people feed him , do the dishes and laundry . It got to be a reoccuring joke as the next Personal Servant appeared as soon as the last one shuffled off-stage . I also deeply disliked the scene where he bundled up a backpack of choice cuts of meat to take home . Before a hard frost . In a world without refrigeration . There was also a mention of the three healthy men with a freehold being `` too poor '' to buy a piglet to raise ... but they have money for candy on market day . Uh , sure . His utter lack of awareness of how farmsteads work or how you store and prepare food just bugged me . It was just one of many ways you could tell this was written by a teen-ager . Others have written about how derivative it is , but my own pet peeve is the Disney convention of killing off all the mothers . Seriously , women are NOT that threatening . Nor that helpless
 No sense buying this book . Plenty of copies of this are sitting gathering dust where kids like mine left them to rot . If you are reading this horrid book hoping it gets better in Eldest let me save the trouble by stating emphatically it does n't .
 After all the hype i heard about this novel , I wasextremely let down.From reading some of the negative reviews , i was expectingcliches and not too much originality . I do n't reallymind that too much so long as it 's well written.Let 's face it , in the genre of fantasy ... whether it behigh fantasy or epic fantasy , most ideas are simply rehashedideas rewritten in a new light.BUT , I am writing while i 'm only halfway through reading it.I am having an extremely difficult time trying to finish it.I find the writing to be extremely distracting as i run throughit . Every couple pages , I end up stopping and thinking , `` What the heck is this crud ??? '' -LRB- quote edited -RRB- The writing is immature and the character development and someof the dialogue is simply absurd.The biggest problem i have with the book is the plot.There are so many holes in it , the feasibility of theplot/history is just too improbable . Paolini tries toexplain why things occurred as they did in his novel 's historyusing dialogue but those explanations just are n'tremotely plausible.As someone else mentioned , this should never have been published.It was probably published because of the novelty of havingsuch a work by a 15 yr old . I 'm not trying to take anythingalway from the author but since i started reading Eragon , I could n't help but think that this is a childrens book fitonly for children . I find it unlikely that any adult fantasyreader would rate this anything over 2 stars.This is also the only novel I have ever rated 1 star .
 I read this book because it was well reviewed by many people , and I must say I was disapointed . This book lacks everything that is vital to a good fantasy novel
 The Inheritance Trilogy was started when Christopher Paolini was 15 , and finished when he was 19 . He is now 22 and I doubt he has had the chance to develop as a writer Those of those who champion this series are either completely stunned that a teenager could actually manage to put ink on paper , or just plain have n't read the literary masterpieces that he blatantly plagarized.The Inheritance Trilogy is the the self insertion of Paolini himself in a magical Tolkien-esque pseudo-land surrounded by a cast of horribly unlikeable cliche 's . It seems that each new book brings Paolini ... I mean Eragon a host of new powers , including immortality ! The author passes immortality out to characters like candy at a Independence Day Parade , and the characters treat it with the same nonchalant bland stare that they treat every other `` event '' in the series 's insanely dry plot line.If you 're a parent considering purchasing the series for your young writer , do so only as a manual for what to NOT do in their writing . I mean this literally , this is the typical writing quality of any young teen fantasy writer . Any distinguished writer must go through years of refinement , rejection , and soul searching . Paolini had these experiences robbed of him . His publisher parents ' connections created this career , not a developed writing style . Moms and Dads , your child can write this well if not better , I can almost promise you ; possibly without even blatantly robbing nearly word for word from much better series written by writers who have had a chance to develop . Do your child a favor and buy Tolkien , Rowling , Goodkind , or CS Lewis . Do n't lower their standards , The Inheritance Trilogy could quite possibly stunt their growth as writers , I kid you not.Fans of this series can grow near rabid as they claim that everything in the fantasy genre has been `` taken '' and that drawing things from those greater series is inevitable . However I find this far from true , if there is always something to imagine , that is the magic of that uniquely human ability . Those greater series drew their influence from ancient mythology , legend , and stories and created wholly unique ideas to weave their literary tapestries . Paolini in his immaturity has taken from these books and comes dangerously close to plagarism in several instances , most likely tweaked by the insistence of his publishers . This and his own self insertion of Eragon as his insanely perfect immortal alter ego is typical of undeveloped fantasy writing , any teen can and do create it every day with online fanfictions.I leave you with a quote from Paolini himself . When called upon to write a review for J.K. Rowling 's -LRB- a truly developed writer with more than her fair share of failures -RRB- successful `` Harry Potter and the Half-blood Prince '' this is what he had to say : `` One of the greatest pleasures of reading this series is seeing J.K.Rowling develop as a writer , and she certainly spreads her wings here '' . Arrogant no ? Please do n't let your child end up like this . -LRB- FOR ALL CHRISTMAS SHOPPING PARENTS ! -RRB- For those who I was unable to save from the fate of buying Eragon , I must stop you from repeating this terrible mistake . Buy your child a classic , buy them mythologies and legends , buy them books on writing techniques , but for Tolkien 's sake , do n't buy them the Inheritance Trilogy .
 I just returned from a summer working as a camp counselor , and I 'd heard great things from my campers about Eragon so I decided to give it a shot . Fantasy is one of my favorite genres -LRB- lots of McCaffrey and Tolkein -RRB- so I had high hopes despite the fact that I had actually not purchased the book earlier because the jacket design looked rather childish . I had no idea until halfway through the book that Christopher Paolini started writing Eragon at 15 . I discovered this , however , because I had gotten frustrated with the writing and needed to take a break , so I read the author bio in the back.He was 15 and boy does it show . If I had to describe the book in three words they would be repetitive , derivative , and undeveloped.Repetitive - How many times can this flipping kid Eragon fight someone , pass out , and wake up safe and sound in a warm bed soon after ? It happened so many times in the book I literally threw it on the floor in disgust at one point . It was like playing an RPG!Derivative - I know Paolini probably could n't help himself and did n't know he was doing it but he has blatantly copied storylines and lore from some of the best authors in the business . Though having grown up with McCaffrey and Tolkein it can be hard to imagine the realm of fantsy in any terms other than their own . The relationship of men and dragons is straight McCaffrey , I am absolutely certain that the third book will contain a `` Luke , I am your father '' moment with Eragon and Galbatorix , and the Kull are so derivative of Tolkein 's Uruk-hai I have actually called them that while discussing the book with my father.Underdeveloped - Good lord . The writing . The characters are so undeveloped , and until about halfway through the book -LRB- when I suspect his mother began helping him -RRB- Paolini showed absolutely no inclination to include scene-setting details or incidents that do n't advance the plot but do flesh out the story . He just goes from fight to fight to fight , with nobody having truly compelling reasons for anything they do . What is worse is that he is not very good at describing the fights themselves , so they all run together . His foreshadowing is glaringly obvious -LRB- I use Brom 's true occupation and the uses of the really big slide to illustrate this -RRB- . He fails to evoke empathy for his characters , and he even wrote in a mommy and daddy to usher Eragon through the story -LRB- Saphira and Brom -RRB- . The first half of the story , before the dramatic shift in writing style -LRB- but unfortunately not plot development -RRB- reads like a story my brother wrote about a spy when he was in 7th grade.Incidentally , given the colors of the gemstones he named in his description of Tronjheim , the city-mountain sounds exceptionally ugly.He also failed to create a nuanced , compelling kingdom or distinct races . All the names across every race sound similar , different races ' languages all sound the same ... the only difference is their physical descriptions.All this being said , I do not think he is a bad writer . I think he is merely inexperienced . It is obvious from his writing that Paolini did not spend much time out of his bedroom as a child , so he has very little by way of experience to bring to his novel . His characters are so pitifully developed because he really only has the emotions and responses he has observed in himself and his parents to draw from . I think with a little time and a lot more real-world experience he could be an excellent fantasy writer.I would n't recommend this book to a discerning fantasy reader , it is my Dad 's opinion that at the ripe old age of 20 I could write something better , but for a younger boy it would be just the thing .
 As a teenaged writer myself , I picked up Eragon after reading on the inside flap that the author started writing it at 15 . However , I was severely disappointed when I started reading the book . Sure , the cover 's attractive , and sure , the author was a teenager when he wrote it -- the book seems to have become a bestseller on those two factors alone , because it definitely was n't literary merit that 's caused it to sell so well.I anticipated Murtagh 's little secret from the moment he was introduced , I found the main character to be bland and boring , and the story was hackneyed and ripped from other writers . I recommend fantasy fans read works by far more talented authors such as Holly Lisle , JK Rowling , and Eoin Colfer .
 Honestly , I can not imagine a worse fantasy novel . Not only is the storyline found in its entirety in multiple other books , much of the descriptive language is also lifted from the works of others . I actually noted several segments in which I recognised phrases from other , well-known books that I had read.Speaking of descriptive language
 I hated this book . People seem to give Paolini credit because he was a kid when he wrote it . But , he goes up and actually COMPARES his book to the greatness of other fantasy books like Beowulf and LOTR . If he wants to compare his book to books written by competent authors , his readers should grade Eragon with the same strictness . If Tolkien had written this , what would the reviews be ? Much lower . The lack of originality and the obviously copied plot really take away from the actual book.I think my eyes were lacerated and bleeding after reading this trash .
 As a fourteen-year old unpublished author , I want to say this
 What you almost always hear first about this book is `` wow , it was written by a 17-yr-old '' . And the author is fully deserving of the respect and admiration he gets -- it is indeed an impressive book for a 17-year-old to have written . What he probably should not have gotten was a publishing contract , since while it is impressive for a 17-yr-old , it is less than impressive for a published work of fiction.If an adult had written and published this , I would have been disgusted -LRB- as I was with the Sword of Shannara -RRB- with the clear calculation that had gone into the work
 That was the first thought that popped into my head after reading this monstrosity . I really have only myself to blame . I had read so many reviews saying how boring , derivative , and pointless this book was , that I thought I would read this book out of a morbid curiosity . Even reading a casual summary of the plot will reveal that it is a complete rip off of Star Wars . Brom is Obi Wan Kenobi , Eragon is Luke Skywalker , his dragon is R2D2 , and Arya is Princess Leia . What was not ripped off of Star Wars was ripped off from the Lord of the Rings , Dragon Riders of Pern , and/or A Wizard of Earthsea . The only reason so many people love this book is for the same reason that people love McDonalds hamburgers
 This book is distressing in the amount of attention it is getting , when from the very first page it is apparent that the author `` borrowed '' massive amounts of detail , motifs , characters , names , languages , etc. from other fantasy writers , especially Tolkien . There was not an original phrase to be found . I was willing to give the book a try and was sorely disappointed . The publishers should be ashamed of themselves as they clearly chose this book as a marketing gimmick because of the author 's age and have indeed made a fortune because of this .
 I teach Gifted middle school students and was urged by many students to read this . So I picked up a copy and was almost instantly transported to a magical , far-off land - Middle Earth , with a fantastical storyline - Star Wars . Yes , it is admirable for a 17 year old , but fiction can not be measured against the age of the author , it must be measured against other great books , regardless of author 's age.When I spoke to one of my students about how similar this storyline was to Star Wars , he asked how . So , I started a two-column list as I read . I now present this to you : Warning
 This review will list and refute most of the major defenses for this mediocre book .1 . `` He was only 15 years old '' - Age is no excuse . If this were amateur writing on fictionpress.com , I would praise it . However , this is a published work of fiction and Paolini is a full-fledged author . His book should be held to the standards of every other fantasy writer .2 . `` I bet YOU could n't write a book when you were 15 . '' - You do n't have to be a writer to know a poor book when you see one . All you have to be is a good reader .3 . `` UR just jealous . '' - Name-calling does nothing to defend Eragon . But maybe I am jealous . Not jealous for myself but jealous on the behalf of all those authors equal to or superior to Paolini who failed because they did n't have youth as a selling tool .4 . `` Paolini did n't plagiarize classics . He was only influenced by them . '' - To be influenced means that he had original idea that was affected by the classics -LRB- Tolkien , Star Wars , etc. -RRB- It is quite clear that Paolini had no original idea to begin with . Instead , he combines secondhand story elements from different series while adding nothing of his own .5 . `` Eragon might be cliched , but everything in the fantasy genre is cliched , so it 's OK . '' - This is not a reason for unoriginality . It 's an excuse . There are always new worlds to be explored . Also , this statement makes other inexperienced fantasy authors think that shameless ripoffs are actually acceptable , causing a decline in the quality of the fantasy genre .6 . `` The critics are uptight fantasy fanatics that are too busy fussing over details instead of just enjoying the story for what it is . '' - You do n't have to be a literature professor to know a cliche plot , disjointed writing , predictability , and overused stereotypes . These are major flaws that can keep any reader from enjoying a fantasy novel .7 . `` It 's a children 's book . You ca n't compare it to the classics . '' - Paolini did n't mean for Eragon to be a kid 's book . On his own website , he compares the `` lyrical beauty '' of Eragon to LOTR and Beowulf . If he 's comparing his work to the classics , then why should n't we ?
 While the story kept me turning pages I kept feeling as if I where reading a poor reproduction of Robert Jordan 's THE WHEEL OF TIME . Similarities range from the shape of the land on the map to the capabilities of the main character . Too many typical fantasy words crammed into every sentence give the impression of a high school writer getting carried away on a free writing exercise . Nothing special here other than the authors age ... and it shows .
 Cheese and rice . Has anyone else out there read Eragon by Christopher Paolini ? I 'd read the hype , a 19-year-old with a publishing contract . I was curious , and when I ran across the book at a book store last week I picked it up . Anne McCaffrey , who 's written two of my favorite children 's fantasy books Dragon Song and Dragon Singer , said that she gave it full praise . She must have been on acid.In a word the book is ghastly . The book opens with `` Wind howled through the night , carrying a scent that would change the world . '' Which is perilously close to `` The wind was n't the beginning ... But it was a beginning . '' Immediate reference to an evil Shade -LRB- humm , three letters off Jordan 's fade -RRB- a non-human that controls Urgals -LRB- descriptions similar to trollics -RRB- . There are items that ring of Jordan -- shades and urgals , evil banding together and showing up where it never has before , the mentor is a bard just like Thom MerrilinEddings -- a silver , oval marked palm , an orphan raised by relatives and not knowing his true heritage , not being able to stay because of discovery , the word and the will -LRB- he does n't call it that , but his description rings of Eddings -RRB- McCaffrey -- a dragon making the choice for rider , telepathic connection between dragon and rider , dragons classed by colorOn page 155 Eragon is having a conversation with his mentor . His mentor scolds him saying he should have used his magic to tell what someone in the town they were just in was thinking . This after warning him about the dangers of using the magic on 139 . It 's maddening and continual . It 's like reading someone 's unorganized notes . The contradictions are through out . This is just one example . There are MANY others.At the beginning Eragon is hunting in the Spine -LRB- more Jordan terminology , but closer in description his Misty Mountains , or Mountains of Mist -RRB- . He is the only hunter who will go there . -LRB- Rand , Matt and Perrin -RRB- has a bow only he can pull -LRB- Rand -RRB- . Anyway , he 's a mighty hunter tracking a herd of deer , three nights away from home , he has a pack , a a knife , and a bow . But the next morning he also has a pan . Where did it come from . Yes I know it could have been in the pack , but that would have made it difficult to keep up with the deer . A pan is n't typical hunting gear . Camping ? Yes . But he had no camp . He 's following a herd which means travel rations.His family needs meat for the winter and has no money , but when he arrives home his uncle and cousin are eating chicken for breakfast . If you 're poor , that 's not what you 're going to eat first thing in the morning . And on and on.I know that these items have been used by others and will be again . But never before have I read something that so clearly rang back to the original book.Language is a problem . To quote Nancy Springer , `` When ` was ' shows up , you have problems . '' Paolini uses was five or six times a page . Yes , every so often I stop and count the number of times he uses was per page . So far I 've counted eight different times . He uses ` was ' five or six times a page . He cops out on ` had/has . ' Passive . Inadvertent POV shifts . He tells . He tells . He tells . He contradicts himself . He tells.This book is a mess , and it got published . You remember the movie Dances with Wolves ? Wind-in-His-Hair says , `` All we know about this man is he has a smart horse '' ? Well , I think this kid has smart parents and a publisher thought that they could hype his age.This book could have been saved if it had been edited . I get the feeling it was n't . I really want to stop reading the book , but it 's kind of like a train wreck . You do n't want to look , but you just ca n't help it.Has anyone else read it ? Did you like it ? What was I missing?Okay , I decided I 've been to hard on this kid . I 've taken a look at the chapter endings and found out that he has a disability . Poor Eragon has narcolepsy . He falls asleep on pages 18 , 89 , 128 , 142 , 212 , 220 , 249 , 272 , 316 , 323 , 392 , 478 . -LRB- These are chapter endings mind you . -RRB- I know that gives me permission to put the book away , and I wish I could , but something makes me continue to read.Ok . If falling asleep is n't bad enough , I have found no fewer than seven times where he 's knocked unconscious at the end of chapters . -LRB- Pages 80 , 134 , 263 , 266 , 292 and just when I was getting worried about the lack , page 491 -RRB- . I know , that 's only six . I did n't really know how to classify the stupor leading to sleep on page 233 . Now keep in mind this in no way includes the loss of consciousness in the bodies of the chapters themselves . I 'm still only on page 301 , and the book has 200 or so more pages . I wish I could put myself out of my misery and burn the stupid thing , but I must finish it . There has to be some reason the book has gotten so much press . Other than the smart parents , which I now find out self published the book prior to it being acquired by Knopf.Oh , by the way . Does anyone have the definition of epic fantasy ? Mr. Palini claims to have written one , but I ca n't seem to find it .
 I was surprised to hear of Mr.Paolini , since he comes from Paradise Valley , a thirty minute drive from my house . Excited that this `` celebrity '' had published a work at such a young age , I decided to read Eragon . As countless other reviewers have said , I found dozens of ripped off story lines , and shallow characters . The truly amazing thing to me was , how simple and boring the writing style was for this book . Ideas put aside , I could not stand reading such terribly simple writing . I am not an English major , I am fourteen years old . I have a good imagination , and I felt if I put in the time I could write a much more interesting novel.However , Eragon has continued to be a New York Times bestseller . I predict the novel will slowly die out , or else it will continue to be a wildly popular trend . If the latter proves true , all it proves is that the general public needs to start reading some higher quality fantasy.If anything , Eragon has inspired me to write a novel . If he can do it , anyone can !
 I made a mistake when attempting to read this book , and that mistake was failing to pay attention to its target market . Unfortunately , following on the heels of the highly readable Harry Potter series which is targeted at young adults , I was sure reading this book would not hurt . Unfortunately this book is targeted for young adults , but unlike Harry Potter , it should ONLY be read by young adults.I am a fan of several hardcore fantasy writers including George R MArtin , Terry Goodkind , Terry Brooks , Robert Jordan , and even `` fluffy '' writers like Piers Anthony - and many more I can not even think of on the spot . I can guarantee that if you have ever read adult fantasy novels such as those by the aforementioned authors , you WILL NOT enjoy this book.This book was written by a teenager and it shows . The language is alternatively simple and overdone . It does not read well . I find the simple phrasing and overdone verbosity to be annoying and boring . After gracing my eyes with the graceful phrasings of George R MArtin there is simply no way this poor book can compare.I do n't feel the need to delve into what others have said about the plot - it 's all been done before . There is nothing new or exciting to this story - UNLESS you have n't read other fantasy.I ALWAYS finish my books . But this one , I simply can not . With my strong background in fantasy , it is just too simple and boring . My poor mother , who purchased this book for me , can not understand . She says to me , `` But Lisa said it 's better than Harry Potter ! '' Unfortunately , Lisa is her nine-year-old neighbor who has never read a fantasy book OTHER than Harry Potter.My recommendations in short
 Experience real fantasy and talent and pick up Tolkien , Rowling , Lewis , or even Jordan.Psst ! If you want a really good reason why this book needs to be shamed , watch Star Wars
 Since so many people have reviewed this book , I hardly think I could be helpful ; but anyway.First , let me list the GOOD things about this book . The cover , beautiful . The map , engrossing . Angelina and the Werecat ; a bit special , a bit mysterious.There are more BAD things than these GOOD things . There 's the characters first.ERAGON
 i just finished this book , and all i can say was that itsucked . Chris Paolini is a gomer who thinks he can write well.URKELS !!!!!! i mean , come on . that sounds like some gomer d' n'dcrap . `` you hath been hit by an urkel . - 15 hp . '' and all thatstuff about `` dragons and elves '' was retarded . if you want agood read , read a REAL fantasy book , -LRB- lord of the rings , harrypotter -RRB- and do n't waste precious moments of your life readingthis sorry piece of useless crap .
 Everything from word diction to language stylistic choices , to plot and character development betray that this is a work of an amateur writer . Everything was painfully predictable , or unrealistic , or outright boring . It 's a pity since the author has good ideas . He just needs to learn how to write a story .
 Science fiction fans hail George Lucas ' original Star Wars trilogy as a classic . Tolkien 's `` Lord of the Rings '' is considered the prototype and classic of the fantasy genre . Bring these two together -- and you have `` Eragon . `` In `` Eragon '' , the hero finds out he is a Dragonrider , an order that has been extinguished by the evil Galbatorix -LRB- shades of Darth Vader slaying the noble Jedi knights -RRB- Through his dragon , Saphira , Eragon gains magical powers -LRB- think of Luke Skywalker and the Force ! -RRB- He has a mentor , Brom -LRB- okay,Obi-Wan Kenobi -RRB- After Galbatorix 's Ra ` zac -LRB- ravenlike Ringwraiths -RRB- slay his uncle -LRB- think of the death of Uncle Owen -RRB- , Eragon & Brom ; fight back.On the way , Brom , like Obi-Wan , is killed.Eragon goes to rescue an elf princess Arya -LRB- think Princess Leia ! -RRB- in Gil ` ead -LRB- basically the Death Star -RRB- with the help of a rogue , Murtagh -LRB- in other words , Han Solo -RRB- Both join the Rebel Alliance -- I mean , Varden.Paolini uses the language & culture ; of Middle-Earth with his elves , dwarves & Ancient ; Language.In `` Eragon '' , the morning star is called Aiedil -- which sounds a lot like Earendil , the morning star in Middle-Earth -LRB- ! -RRB- The book has its strengths -- Paolini can describe languages & creatures ; , and he has potential.Unfortunately , his blatant borrowing from Tolkien & Lucas -- as ; well as a flimsy plot structure -- makes the book drag on.There 's the scene where Eragon & Brom ; have to look through shipping records to find the location of the Ra ` zac -LRB- think Eragon , Dragonrider & CPA ; ! -RRB- , the fact that every character weeps single tears , the unconscious Arya is tied to the dragon 's belly -LRB- and spends most of the book comatose , though Paolini claims he likes strong female characters -RRB- `` Eragon '' is like some chocolates -- it has a sweet shell , but in the inside it 's hollow .
 I know this book has already recieved its fair share of reviews , but I felt I should put my two cents in.I have to start out by declaring my age
 In my opinion , Eragon -LRB- and others in the Inheritance Trilogy -RRB- was for me as guilty a pleasure as any chick-literature would be . Pleasure in the loosest sense of the word.As a young adult reader who loves fantasy , I enjoyed Eragon at first . It had action , it had some beautiful writing.Until I realized how unoriginal it was . As a young writer who hopes one day to get published , I was disgusted with the quality of the plot and the characters . The plot was recycled from many sources , from Lord of the Rings , from Ursula LeGuin , from Anne McCaffrey ... the list goes on and on . Furthermore , the characters were flat to the point that would put a fanfiction writer to shame . -LRB- Fanfiction being stories based on published fiction , sometimes being very clich&eacute;d or of very low quality , and often written by teens . Do n't get me wrong ; many fanfiction writers are excellent . -RRB- The characters were who I had the most problems with ; the plot can almost -LRB- not quite , but almost -RRB- be excused , as it is extremely difficult to come up with something new in the fantasy category . However , the characters fit too nicely into their niches . Garrow as the grudging , bitter , father-figure . Brom as the wise , mentoring , guide . What was most annoying was how perfect Eragon and Arya were . They were good-looking , they had positions of power , they were intelligent , they were educated , they were magically powerful , they were skilled swordsmen -LRB- swordspeople -RRB- , they were skilled archers . I was about to gag on the self-idealization ; Paolini said that he based Eragon on himself ! I 'm not going to insult his looks or his athleticism , as I know little about either , but there is no way that anyone could be all that.Paolini may have promise , but that is all buried underneath the over-marketing of his book and the fact that he was self-published . He has not improved within seven years -LRB- when he was fifteen to when he was twenty-two -RRB- . I would appreciate the books more if I did n't know how easy it was for him to get them published.This may be a great book for young readers who are not mature enough to read J.R.R. Tolkien or Ursula LeGuin ; if it gets them interested in reading , I 'm all for it ! But for people who want genuinely good fiction , it is a waste fo time and money .
 Describe a rainstorm in 700 words or more , then continue like this for and entire novel ... I would suggest that anyone considering reading this book just get the original or go rent the movie , it 's called Star Wars . This novel followed that plot so closely that I checked the acknowlegements to see if it was intentional . I was shocked to see no mention of it at all . I was not shocked to find out Paolini 's parents first published his work .
 Before I begin with the actual review I want all you crazy Eragon fans to realize that I know that I am not the age group intended for this book . Well ... . that 's what I knew before I began . I was told that this was a teen fantasy and was written by a teen . However after the first few hundred pages I realized that this author actually thought that his shallow and bland story could be passed off as real adult fantasy , and then decided to write it that way.His inexperience shows no bounds at his first attempt at writing a story that does n't know which sub-genre to place itself . All the elements are there for an adult fantasy , but it is the spirit and personality that are sorely lacking . A good adult fantasy is more than a really good story , it full of depth and complexity that inspires others to think and use the author 's insights philosophically in their own lives . Eragon does none of that , and here 's why : CHARACTERS : The idea of a farmboy suddenly chancing upon this wonderful destiny is really the core plotline for any fantasy story . It is unoriginal and has been done better by many other authors . It is obvious that the author intended for the reader to get attached to Eragon the most . However , this ca n't happen because Eragon 's character developments are too sloppy and they change instantly to whatever emotion is needed for the particular situation . There are no transition periods between him feeling sad for the villager 's deaths to him feeling desperation when trying to save Saphria . The human emotions felt by the characters are all the same and to the same degrees . Brom 's anger at Eragon is exactly the same as Twins ' anger ; it is just too generalized . The strongest personality by far was Saphria , only because hers was the only dragon personality that was present.PLOTLINE : What can I say , overdone and taken itself too seriously . There was no depth , no `` music '' -LRB- as another reviewer put it -RRB- . It did not inspire me to feel sad or happy . Too many things were stolen from other books , -LRB- from `` true names '' -LRB- Earthsea -RRB- to the `` uncomfortable iron dwaren throne '' -LRB- Song of Ice & Fire -RRB- -RRB- , it was ridiculus . The idea of magical training is nothing new nor is the idea of linking minds with animals/humans/dragons . In fact I thought the most interesting and original part was the evil King himself -LRB- him alone , not that cheating band of 13 Forloarn or whatever they were called -RRB- . WRITINGThe author 's inexperience shows . The story was nothing more than a empty shell with nothing underneath . The dialogue was too simplistic and the description did not flow well the characters ' actions . I got to the point when I was just kinda simming the description . It was like there were just blocks of paragraphs in between the story.In all it was not the amazing great book that it was hyped up to be . The only reason I gave this horrible work two stars was because I ended up finishing the stupid thing just to see what happened to the characters . I do n't think I can stomach another serving of this teen-author who thinks to much of himself .
 Okay , I know that writting a book takes an increadably long time and that the tried and true fantasy creatures -LRB- elves , dragons , drarves -RRB- have been used in nearly every fantasy book . However , that dose n't mean that you should stick with the same old creatues ! Yes , the Werecat was origional and unique , but all the other characters are just so flat ! Araya is the most powerful elf in the world , and yet she waits for Eragon to save her when she SOULD HAVE gotten out herself . I can deal with the `` damsel in distress '' character if she has some intresting qualities , but Araya is just flat.Don ' t even get me started on Eragon . If this book had n't had him in it , I probably would have given it more stars . Eragon instantly knows everything , is more powerful than Brom , and yet he gets knocked out when someone TAPS HIM ON THE BACK OF HIS HEAD ! I know that the heroes of books need to have some power , but they also have to have WEAKNESSES ! The only weakness Eragon has is that he ca n't stop thinking about Araya -LRB- ZZZZzzzz ... -RRB- Now I move on to Sapheria -LRB- I can never spell it right . -RRB- She is so motherly it drives me crazy ! Every time Eragon comminicates telipathicly with her , she says things like `` All will be well , little one '' Why does she talk like she 's been around for centuries when she hatched six months ago ? Dragons are portraied as being wise , but again , WEAKNESSES , PEOPLE!Murtagh reminds me of my little cousin at the end of the book
 I was interested in this book because a teen wrote it and I like writing as well . However , I think adults are giving him too much credit just because he managed to write and publish a novel while he was still a teen . There are many other teen writers who are far better than him -LRB- for example , Amelia Atwater-Rhodes , who was a teenager when she had her first few novels published -RRB- . This book drags on and seems like a very cheap imitation from the names and plot of the story , which seems interesting at first . The title character , Eragon , is annoying , temperamental , and I did n't like him the whole way through . In fact , the only character I really liked was Saphira , the dragon . The plot unclear and it seemed as though Eragon was going to no particular place for no particular reason.The only thing I truly liked is that Paolini had the ability to write well at times , although Eragon seemed to `` ponder '' quite a bit before falling asleep.I recommend that you do n't by this book , but if you really want to read it , check it out from the library .
 Ever wonder why a 15 year old gets published ? The Outsiders did because it was actually a well written and quite simply remarkable book for a 15 year old to write . Eragon did because little Christopher 's parents owned a publishing company.Far from being the `` amazing '' book that it was advertised as , it was nothing more than cheap imitation of other much greater works of fantasy . Reading through prior reviews i actually found a lunatic -LRB- and i truly shuddered when i read this -RRB- who claimed that Eragon was better than Lord of the Rings . Lord of the Rings so greatly outclasses Eragon that comparing the two would be like comparing stick figures to freakin Picasso.I 'm not going to waste my time and energy on pointing out the many flaws -LRB- grammar , cliches , cliches , o god the cliches -RRB- . Suffice it to say that Tolkien did it better , and probably could 've done it better in his sleep . Oh and another rip off that i do n't think many people have picked up on , is with David Eddings . Lets see , farm boy , ancient storyteller who has magical powers , teaches boy and imparts wisdom . Check Check Check . Introducing the Dragon Riders to use magic by making them do menial tasks until they got frustrated enough to use magic -LRB- that one made me almost want to cry -RRB- . Oh and that the main character first uses magic when he burns the enemy trying to capture him -LRB- i really was crying at this point -RRB- The difference is that the Belgariad was a great work of fantasy by Eddings -LRB- great series if anybody wants a worthwhile read -RRB- where as Paolini wrote this kind of like he plagiarized a book report night before it was due and hoped to hell his teacher would n't notice -LRB- than again , maybe he did -RRB- . The ONLY reason this book was saved from a one star vote was that it became a tiny bit interesting towards the end . The extra star is earned more as a way of hope . Hope that the next book will be better since he 's -LRB- shall i dare and say it ? -RRB- matured as a writer and gotten a much better editor.Oh and hiding behind your age is pathetic . I do n't care if you 're 15 or 150 , you want to publish a book make sure its worth the trees we kill for it . If a 35 year old had written this novel who did n't have his parents own publishing company , it 'd probably would 've never gotten farther than a preliminary reading.Props to the marketing team for Eragon though , they made a boatload of money using Paolini 's age.Just lay off the copying kid , use mommy and daddy 's money to pay someone to be creative for you or something .
 Not really . I just wanted you to start reading this . You know why ? It 's because this book is the literary equivalent of Spam . But I must admit something , though . I really liked this book . That is , until I started reading it . The novel itself does not live up to the splendid packaging . The problem with this book is the inconsistent storytelling . Sometimes he will be describing individual blades of grass , giving them names even . Then he will just jump into bland sections that are like slogging through quick sand . Another problem is that you never care about Eragon . So what if he passes out . So what if he is captured . The reader always knows that he will somehow be able to battle his way out with the skills that he learned out of a Magic For Dummies book or the Idiot 's Guide to Sword Play . One moment he is a humble farmer , the next moment he is some kind of Medieval Rambo . They could make a good movie called Eragon vs. Predator.Paolini also ruined the best part of the book . When Saphira was born , the reader was mystified by her cute innocence . It seemed like something special and wonderous . And yet he smothers those essential fantasy feelings by making her grow up to fast and become omnescient.So basically , if you 're over the age of 13 , do not read this book , because it has nothing in it to entertain you . My copy is currently on a space ship heading towards the sun . On a final note , I am avidly looking forward to Paolini 's next book , How to Write A Rip-Off Fantasy Novel .
 Most people that truly practice and work at their craft -LRB- J.V. Jones is a good example -RRB- get better with experience . The Baker 's Boy sold very well but was a poorly written book . By the third book of her Book of Words trilogy , Master and Fool , her writing had significantly matured . In fact , it was almost as if an entirely different person had written the books , so great was the improvement . You could tell that she really applied herself , and tried hard to be a * good * writer . It is likely that Paolini , as the intelligent young man we know him to be , will similarly grow in his craft . However , he 's just not there yet.If this book had been written by , say , a Vicar of the Church of England , it would still be a poorly written book . Just because he 's fifteen does n't mean that you excuse the wealth of mistakes that exist here . I , for one , am going to read the second book , but if there is n't any evidence of improvement , that 's probably going to be it . -LRB- For what it 's worth , this is certainly a better book than Shadowmancer . By leaps and bounds . Shadowmancer was one of those books that deserved a -4 star review . -RRB- A work of art has to be judged as a stand alone work of art . You ca n't look at it through the glasses of the artist that created it , for if you are , then it 's not a fair judgment.Any book , whether written by a fifteen year old , a thirty year old , or a seventy year old , that so freely copies other works and introduces so little originatliy , can NOT be a good book . This holds true for movies and other forms of art as well . Originality is one of the cornerstones to good art.I do n't mean to say that this is not a tremendous accomplishment for a fifteen year old - it is . It 's remarkably impressive . The problem is that the book itself is not similarly impressive.Granted , I certainly did not write a book when I was fifteen , so yeah - props to him for that . However , if I 'd been home schooled living in isolation and my family ran a publishing company , I probably would have written a book much earlier than I did .
 All Paolini did was take characters , events and ideas from Tolkien , McCaffery and many other major fantasy writers -LRB- thank goodness he did n't get his hands on Cooper -RRB- , throw them in the blender and spit them out through his own playdo mold . The story smells like he 's sprayed the whole thing with Tolkien perfume . All that would be acceptable if the kid could write . Being 18 years old myself , i am in a position to criticize . He does n't go deeper than the surface on any of his characters or invesitgate their motives from more than one angle . His entire writing style is flat and childish . The words themselves are not intersting to read . As Stephen King said , they call is prose for a reason . People need to stop praising him just becuase he is a nineteen year old . Get real . This book stinks !
 I think that the only thing that made this book so popular and acclaimed is the fact that author Chris Paolini wrote it at fifteen and published it at eighteen . By itself , it is nothing special . Being a teenage fantasy writer myself , though still unpublished , I have a lot of respect for Paolini for writing the book , but not for the book itself.I felt that the book was less than average on the great scheme of fantasy , though I have seen worse . To sum it up , this book could very well be the bastard child of Lord of the Rings and Dragonriders of Pern . These two major influences were way too prominent , so this book did not feel like anything I had n't read before . There is also a pretty visable Star Wars influence . I am just waiting for the bad overlord dude Galbatorix -LRB- worst fantasy name ever -RRB- to be archetypal hero Eragon 's father . I would laugh so incredibly hard , but I hope that is n't the case.The major error in this book is that Paolini draws too heavily from sources other than his own inspiration , which makes the book bland and unoriginal.I did not really like the writing style either . It feels childish , yet attempts to be more sophisticated by throwing in random vocabulary words that I know would not actually be in the author 's vocabulary . Cool it with the thesaurus , Chris . However , there were a few passages that were quite beautifully described , but you have to look really hard for them . Otherwise , I hope that Paolini improves his writing for the next book . I am only going to buy it to see if he develops as a writer.The plot is nothing new . It is a regurgitated version of the stereotypical fantasy with the aforementioned influences being heaviest . I wo n't bother going into details.And the characters . The characters bothered me a lot . The Dragon , Saphira , is by far the best character in the book . She strikes me as being very catlike , and I absolutely love cats . Paolini must like cats too . Eragon , the main character , simply pissed me off . He did not strike me as being the least bit special , having no edge or dimensions , or particularly intelligent . Also , he has absolutely no dark side at all , something I find necessary in a well-developed character , which makes him somewhat shallow and excessively righteous . I am sick of righteous characters . The female character , an elf by the name of Arya , seems almost oversompensating for feminine equity , but otherwise has not been discussed in great detail . But for now , Arya Stark in Song of Ice and Fire is a much better character . I hope Paolini knows that the name Arya is already taken . Oh well . Yet there is a striking coincidence ... Aragorn and Arwen ... Eragon and Arya ... hmmmm . I do n't feel like talking about the rest of the characters because they bother me.Overall , this book is a collage of existing fantasy with a muddled pedigree of all the other fantasy books we 've read . I found Eragon amusing as a time killer and a procrastination tool for homework , but it was lacking in the vast majority of possible categories for review . If it had been given to me in manuscript form , I would have taken my red pen to it and ripped it apart -LRB- figuritively -RRB- . What it really needs to be a good book is about five more drafts . I can only hope that the next one is better .
 I read Eragon after stumbling upon amazon.com and finding out , at some point , that the author is roughly the same age as I am . I just had to see what the hype was all about , after all . What I discovered is that Eragon reads exactly like fanfiction , a good one , but fanfiction nonetheless , in the sense that it is hauntingly similar to many online fiction I 've read in the past . In fact , I 'll go as far as to say that I 've read a few of those that were even better than this.It has a clich&eacute;d storyline , but it was n't that bad . The problem is that his writing is too difficult to focus on . It becomes tedious to plod through his neverending descriptions of everything around and beyond the current character being focused on . This is similar to
 ... not a thesaurus . In the first few pages , I wanted to duck to avoid uninteresting flying adjectives . And you ca n't use the word `` stuff '' in a fantasy novel . And fantasy characters get sick . They do not throw up.I 'm excited about the fact that this book was written by a teenager , but I do n't think we should ignore the rules of style and usage -LRB- and plot -RRB- just because he 's 19 . There are some mature ideas in the book -LRB- e.g. , Eragon 's discovery of his own mortality -RRB- , and some of the passages obviously thought-out -LRB- good description of a battle scene -- not easy to do -RRB- , but the characters ` actions are inexplicable -LRB- people show up in places with no explanation of why they are there ; characters express strong emotions or sarcasm that has no connection to the content of a conversation -RRB- and the language is ... what a 15 year old thinks a fantasy character would say . In general , the writing is distractingly unsophisticated .
 I agree with other Amazon reviewers who say that Eragon is a lot like Lord of the Rings . However , it also bothered me that it is a LOT like Star Wars ! This is what I mean
 I read this book because of all the hype about it -- a lot of people I knew that typically did n't read a whole lot loved it -- and was somewhat disappointed . Sure , the adventures and complex plot are appealing at first , but there are many fundamental flaws . For example , the whole book is written like a movie , with descriptions that sound more like they came from a screenplay . This book has interesting concepts , but not much soul . Plus , the main character , Eragon , is not the least bit likable . Despite the constant predictions that he is of great ancestry , that he will be great and noble , he remains common and annoying throughout the book.The greatness of some of the other characters in this book -- the werecat , Saphira , and the witch , to name a few -- can not justify the lack of depth in Eragon and his elf crush , Arya . I ca n't say that i did n't enjoy the book , because it did have a lot of great characters and fascinating scenes and concepts , but Eragon and the crazy unrealisitc plot kind of ruin the entire experience of reading this book . To be completely honest , `` Eragon '' feels like a shoddy mish-mash of `` The Lord of the Rings '' and `` Harry Potter . '' The elves with pointy ears , dwarves , dark lord , and orc-substitutes all belong to the former , and the magic belongs to the latter.This book is n't bad for a casual read -LRB- if you 're not used to reading books that are considered classics -RRB- , but it really boils down to nothing more than a fun makeover of classic fantasy stories with little actual substance .
 Borrows HEAVILY from other fantasy novels , most notably the Pern series by Anne McCaffrey . Nothing original , but still entertaining . I enjoyed the book , but I do n't feel it deserves all the credit and publicity it has been getting .
 The first spotlight reviewer -LRB- impressive for ... -RRB- pegged my opinion of this book precisely . Until now , I did n't know the author was seventeen and that explains everything I do not like about the book . The author is obviously imaginative -LRB- even if he does borrow most of his ideas -RRB- and unquestionably very talented for his age but , as a reader of Tolkien , Rowling , Dan Brown , etc. , I will finish the book only because I paid good money for it . While I ca n't explain HOW a J.K. Rowling does what this author does n't , I can recognize when it is missing . There is NO character development in Eragon and very little story development . I keep expecting clever origins for story elements -LRB- the name Eragon , for instance -RRB- but they never turn up . And , frustratingly , every character seems to speak with the same voice , Mr. Paolini 's evidently.I too , look forward to reading Christopher Paolini 's work in about 10 years , shortly after I read Mr. Paolini 's own harshly critical review of his early work . Hopefully his success and acclaim will not stand in the way of his development as an author . If it does n't he may become a great one .
 This is a good book for a first attempt . I enjoyed the overall story and hope the other books get better . Nothing is really original , but it was a nice spin on the arch-types . Chris uses a LOT of flowery language , but if you look at his website that appears to be the way he talks . I was mentally distressed at his description of the village ravaged by Urgals near the beginning involving a spear in a heap . When you read it , be prepared ! The battle scene in the end is a bit silly , the `` dragon armor '' does n't make much sense and the ending is abrupt . It is clear that he wanted this to be a much longer story , but cut it short and turned it into a trilogy . Or maybe for the economic reasons , he envisioned it as a trilogy from the beginning . In any case , the book does not live up to the hype and do not believe for a second it is in the same class as Harry Potter .
 I did n't know anything about Eragon when I picked it up from the library , except that I 'd seen it around a great deal and thought it would be worth a read . Thus , I did n't realize it had been written by a teenager until I reached the `` about the author '' bit at the end of the book . Immediately I thought , `` That explains a lot . `` I wo n't go into the story being derivative -- it 's been well-covered and that 's honestly not my main problem with the book . For me , it 's not that the plot and characters in Eragon are derivative -- it 's that they 're unrealistic and poorly done . I first realized something was off early in the book , -LRB- spoilers ahoy -RRB- when Eragon realizes that the Nazgul -- er , Ra ` zac -- have found his village . Instead of taking him back to warn his family Saphira flees with him into the forest , and as a result his uncle is killed . You 'd expect Eragon to be at least momentarily fussed at Saphira over this , yes ? It 's her fault his uncle is dead , after all . But Eragon does n't seem annoyed with Saphria in the slightest . This is pretty much the pattern for the entire book
 Sorry kid , but its obvious which authors you read and that you 're just a kid ! The dragon is cool , but this book is so much of Anne McCaffrey 's work that its ridiculous . It amazes me that he was able to publish this , with all the similarities to her work . The dragon hatches and Impresses on a boy , knows her own name , and communicates with only him -LRB- maybe someone else if she feels they are important enough -RRB- through telepathy . Sound familar ? Also , as mentioned numerous times , there is the incredible parallels to Tolkien . They even talk about wizards duels , which is very Potter-ish . I understand that it is difficult to write an interesting novel , and this is n't bad for a first shot , but it is not something that should have been inflicted on younger readers , or those who have n't read decent fantasy fiction before . I will read the next book , maybe he has improved in his writing and the next one will be a real book , with original ideas and such . To be fair , he did come up with an original idea though ; the dragon would sit in her egg until the person she was destined for came along . that was kind of cool . not cool enouhg to carry a whole novel , but a good start . Read McCaffrey , Rawn , Tolkein , or Rowling before this . Pretty map in the front cover though ...
 I am not going to repeat other reviewers ' comments on ERAGON 's similarities to Tolkien , McCaffrey , Star Wars , and so forth , but I am going to point out the ridiculous writing . Here are the problems with the prose in ERAGON :1 . This book would be infinitely better if someone cured Mr. Paolini of the middle-school English class misconception that `` said '' is a boring word , and that adverbs add richness to prose . Please ! Why does Eragon have to `` complain , '' `` reply , '' `` comment , '' etc. when it is obvious from what he says that he is complaining , replying , commenting , etc. ? 2 . The melodrama is very annoying . Dead bodies , lots of blood , evil creatures -- all portrayed in ridiculous flowery language . More blood does not mean more excitement .3 . Metaphors are only useful if they illuminate what you are saying . If they 're just stuck in , they weigh the story down . Arya 's tear is a `` liquid diamond '' -LRB- there is no such thing -RRB- . One of Mr. Paolini 's essays on his website compares editing to `` hot pieces of bamboo being driven into my sore eyeballs '' when most of us have never felt that , and bamboo and eyeballs seem to be chosen randomly as a metaphor for pain . It is clear that Paolini did not use his editor as much as he should have.I do , however , give the young author two stars -- one for trying and one for suppyling me with several hours of amusement .
 I am for one an avid writter about dragons myself but when I got Eragon at the bookstore and took it home I was almost puking from reading it , my eyeballs hurt so bad they almost melted out of my head . This book clearly copies the beginning plots to the movie Star Wars character by character , heres an example.Eragon / Luke SkywalkerBrom/Obi WanEragons Sword -LRB- was his fathers sword -RRB- Lukes Lightsaber -LRB- his fathers lightsaber -RRB- Eragon lives on a farm/Luke lives on a farmEragons Farm Burns/Lukes farm burns -LRB- attacked -RRB- Eragon saves this elf princess . LUKE SAVES PRINCESS LEIA!In my opinion the book is nothing more than a rip-off of what came before it , Star Wars and Lord of the Rings . Sorry Paoloni whatever your name is ... but I do not enjoy people whom copy others ideas in such a detailed way as yours .
 After reviews extolling the wonders of a teenager writing a ` book ' , people may begin to think that it was an amazing feat . But guess what
 This is the absolute worst book I 've read in my entire life ! And I 've read some pretty awful books . My main squabbles with this book :1 -RRB- as everybody has mentioned , the story-line has been totally copied off of waaayyy better books .2 -RRB- as everyone else has mentioned , the names are totally copied of off waaayyy better books .3 -RRB- the descriptions were of absolutley everything but Eragon . And the descriptions were a total waste of time . He wasted a whole 2 pages describing to the finest detail a map of Middle Earth -- oops , Alagaesia that the readers could have seen by flipping back a few pages -LRB- most of which were filled with unnecessary descriptions -RRB- .4 -RRB- as another reviewer has mentioned , Eragon looks a bit like Paolini . Arya , Eragon 's love interest , looks a lot like Liv Tyler . Coincidence ? I think NOT !! 5 -RRB- the `` ancient language '' was horriffic . there were too many consanants jumbled together . Example
 The plot is almost entirely ripped off from Star Wars , with names from Tolkien and a touch of Anne McCaffrey . The descriptive writing comes straight from the `` Dark and Stormy Night '' school of prose -- I mean `` the sun rose in a glorious conflagration of pink and yellow '' ? Ouch!Paolini has potential , but if he had been twice his age , this would never have been published -- except by his own family 's press . It is akin to fanfiction -- excellent for fanfiction , but not up to the standards of children 's / YA fantasy . It lacks originality -- and please do n't tell me how all fiction is derivative . Of course it is -- that 's why a new book has to have something special for it to be worth reading . And this one just is n't special.What really bugs me is how many librarians and book reviewers have missed all of this , and can only wax poetic about how the author was only 15 when he wrote this -- SO WHAT ? This is just not good enough to be getting on `` best of lists '' and garnering 5 stars from well read adults who are supposed to read CRITICALLY.Our kids deserve the best -- and that includes reviewers who can recognize the best in children 's literature and not fall for the sort of hype this book has generated
 The young author and his parents -LRB- who suspiciously own a publishing company -RRB- are obviously trying to capitalize on the Harry Potter fueled spotlight on the fantasy genre . Young Mister Paolini , while obviously a fan of reading fantasy , should be cautioned that it takes more than that to be able to write good fantasy . As the subject matter has become mired in cliche over the decades , what now distinguishes good fantasy is a mastery of language , of plot construction , and of character development . In Eragon , the title character is far from sounding his age and lacks the natural bewilderment expected of a young boy thrust into epic destiny -LRB- see David Edding 's Belgariad -RRB- . The use of dragons and mental communication is nothing that has n't been done , and the so-called plot twists are all too predictable . The writing itself is clumsy , as one might expect from a 15 year old boy . Even the naming conventions and attempt at inventing languages bear the signs of one who reads but sadly can not duplicate Tolkien 's craft . On the bright side , future books from Young Paolini , who must be getting older and more experienced as he enters into his twenties , can only improve on this beginning .
 I read `` Eragon '' as part of my own market research as a writer of teen fiction , and fail to see why it is getting praise . It 's a far cry from unique , set in a fantasy world like most others . While I was interested enough to find out what happens next , the plot was never really remarkable . Plot `` twists '' are encountered with a slight nod . The psychology behind the characters is loose and some developments are sketchy -LRB- a woman on one side of the world conveniently appears on the other side of the world , and got there before Eragon , though it took him a week -RRB- . And the ending ... wait ... that 's the ending ? I am reminded of my early efforts with managing long plots . I had the beginnings down , but the ends rushed to an impatient resolution . I think this book is 90 % hype , and I 'm not impressed that he started writing when he was 15 . So did I , and while my 500-pages of amateur effort commit many of the same sins as Paolini 's published work , it 's a better read , and unpublished -LRB- thank god ! -RRB- .
 Last winter ... I checked Eragon out from the library . About 50 or some pages in , I finally closed the book , put it down , and returned it to the library.Just as a baseline , here are some fantasy-ish books I read
 I respect anybody who can finish a book . Honestly , I can . Even if it 's absolute trash , you know that the author took some time out of his or her life to create what they might think is a beautiful work of art . And it is n't easy . As a creative writing major and someone who has written books since the age of thirteen , finishing a story is n't an easy task . But it is easy to avoid cliches , bad syntax , thesaurus-syndrome , and the like . When I read Eragon , I was n't blown away . I was n't like ` wow ' as I was when I read The Outsiders -LRB- a piece of teen-written fiction that deserved every bit of praise it got , might I add -RRB- . In fact , I was sad . Sad that we are so easily impressed by something all because of his age and not judging it by what it really is . It 's simply a big mess that could have been avoided if he would have waited a few more years and taken more time with this story . It just was n't a good book . It reminded me of a bad reproduction of Lord of the Rings mingled with Star Wars , making for a bad slew that made my eyes bleed . And the characters were absolutely ridiculous . I hated Eragon to the point of where I wanted to reach in the book and throttle him . And it is n't a good thing for an author when people hate the lead characters and root for the bad guys , which is what I was doing . I was hoping for the Ra ` zak or Galbatorix to rush to the scene and ... well , you get the idea . The only decent character was Saphira.I hope he is the type who will read reviews and grow from them , instead of getting hostile and saying ` screw you guys ; I LIKE the way I wrote it ' even if the way he wrote it was cliche . And if he learns from his past mistakes , I 'm sure he will be an excellent writer . He has potential , but this book , I 'm afraid , was n't good.I 'm sure a lot of people want me to be eaten alive by maggots , so I 'll go . `` Sorry I took so long '' apologized this reviewer ...
 I bought this book only because I heard that he published it at 15ish . What a mistake . This book is a Tolkien ripoff . The world is dull and predictable , not fleshed out at all.The characters are flat , unimaginative and standard . At least the plot is recognizable -- the human guy falls for the elfin Princess . . etc. etc. . How common . How trite . The ` creations ' of the orc-like creatures and such , is unoriginal . As for the dragon ... she was the only one who was worth reading about . However , boring she was.As for the Dragon and the Dragon Rider , big deal . It was an accident ARAGORN , oops , I mean Eragon , finds the egg . If he had been successful in selling it , there 'd be no point . Oh wait , there WAS no point to the story . Eragon 's `` revenge '' seemed less than genuine , his involvement in the war with the humans and the ` evil king ' was all together forced by the author.Total waste of time and money . The most impressive story behind Eragon is not the novel , it 's the fact that he self-published at 15 and pushed this drivel onto the populace -LRB- with force-feeding -RRB- and managed to sell a number of books without a traditional publisher 's help.I ca n't tell you how many times I rolled my eyes at the story , and yawned ...
 ... because according to some reviewers , that 's what I need to do to enjoy Eragon . Stop overanalyzing and enjoy the story , right ? I could do that if the poor writing were n't so obvious . That way , I would n't be distracted by thinking `` oh , that 's so cliche '' or `` that 's really predictable '' or `` every character talks and acts the same way '' . To be a good book , you need an interesting story AND decent writing . Eragon barely succeeds at the former , and completely fails at the latter .
 I have recently read some reviews by five star people in response to one star people . They make their case . He is fifteen , say the one star people . They say , Give him a break . After reading this , I have my own views on the matter . First , I admit it is very good for a teen writer . However , it is not good for a published work of fiction . I would accomadate for his flaws and agree with the five star people had he not said on his site , `` I strive for a lyrical beauty somewhere between Tolkien at his best and Seamus Heaney 's translation of Beowulf . '' Obviously , the publicity of this book has bloated his ego , because his writing is nowhere near that of the aformentioned authors . I can only hope that you will not fuel his vanity and purchase a copy of Eragon .
 I saw this in the bookstore and was drawn to the cover . I got it out of the library and was very glad I did n't buy it . I find it strange how the reviews either love or hate it . Given that the author was in his teens when he wrote it , one has to give him credit . Beyond that , though , it was nothing special . The editorial reviews are correct when they find elements similar to McCaffrey and Terry Brooks ; I was also reminded of the Dragon Riders in Raymond Feist 's Magician , but in no way does the caliber of writing approach any of these authors . It is certainly not `` comparable to Tolkien '' except for similar kinds of characters which appear -LRB- elves , dwarves , `` urgals '' -RRB- . My sister thought the plot was very similar to Star Wars , and upon examination , she is absolutely correct ... The writing is sometimes disjointed , with extraneous information the reader files away thinking it may be useful - but it is n't -LRB- perhaps in the next novel ? -RRB- . There is some quite graphic violence in a book that seems to be marketed to younger people . The `` ancient language '' for the magic is rather tedious to read and not very convincing . The descriptive similies fall somewhat flat at times ; one example is `` White mist wafted up from the surface of the river , like blood steaming in winter . '' ? I would get this one out of the library if it interests you but do n't waste your money on the hardcover with the pretty dragon on it . I will probably read the next one ; perhaps as the author matures he will be able to hone his writing and really make something that holds together .
 Do n't waste your time . As predictable and trite as most fantasy is nowadays , Eragon is the epitome of it . It has every fantasy cliche in existence and contains absolute NO original material whatsoever . It is a frankenstein of a book , with an arm from Tokien and a torso from Goodkind . All he did was tape it all together . If you 've read ANY fantasy book before , you know exactly what will happen , just replace the names with other ones . Its the most unoriginal piece of crap I have ever seen . The only reason it was published was because his parents owned a publishing company and having a kid author is a great marketing angle . If anybody else had written that book , they would have been laughed into the street .
 Though the book starts off slightly strong the book becomes weak eventually . I actually put it down half way through . The dragon rider idea was pretty great the first time I read it ... when it was called `` Dragonlance '' . I enjoyed the dragon 's growing and coming of age . The bond between Sapphira and Eragon was attractive at first , but the book then becomes basically a journal of a LONG journey to a SHORT distance . Like a `` and then they walked . and then they slept . and then they walked . and then they fought . '' For a quest where everyone is supposedly looking for them , there is a remarkable lack of an antagonist after long chapter ; sThis book is great for someone who is a novice writer about a subject that he adds nothing to . If you have a child who has no introduction to the realm of fantasy reading -LRB- and I do n't mean Harry Potter ; not that its bad , it 's quite good , it 's just a diffrent realm of fantasy -RRB- , then sure , let them read Eragon . Otherwise , i 'd recommend the Dragonlance Chronicles by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman . The starting book is `` Dragon 's of Autumn Twilight '' . And if you want some grit to your fantasy , I recommend Icewind Dale trilogy by R.A. Salvatore . starting book is `` The Crystal Shard '' . There 's not alot of dragon 's in the latter trilogy , though it actually adds a new dimension to the fantasy realm
 Eragon is n't so much an original novel as a compilation of bad fantasy cliches . The author has somehow managed to incorporate every single one of these into the space of a mere few hundred pages , from placing apostraphes in the middle of proper nouns -LRB- how exotic !! -RRB- to big firebreathing dragons , swords with MAGICAL DARK POWERS , and zombies bent on killing everything that moves . And this ugly amalgam is laudable because the author is 18 ? Give me a break . To make an analogy , if you took Brad Pitt 's face , gave it Johnny Depp 's ears , added Jackie Chan 's chin , and finally appended Denzel Washington 's nose , would the result be worth looking at?The only thing more depressing than this book is the fact that so many people imbibe this garbage with such voraciousness - indeed , at the time that I visit this page , Eragon is 279th on the Amazon.com sales list . Sad .
 The first thing I want to say about this book is that the cover is absolutely stunning - no , really , look at it
 Not a bit of this book is original . I ca n't tell you how dissapointed I was to read it after hearing all the hype . It is simply no good . Maybe he 'll grow up a bit and the sequel will be better -LRB- and not a rip off of every other fantasy novel ever written -RRB-
 My 14-year old niece did n't care for this book and I should have listened to her before buying it . I 'm halfway through the story and have already lost interest . This is just my opinion and I do n't mean to be harsh , but I feel that if I were to take transcripts of `` Lord of the Rings '' and `` Star Wars '' and shuffle them both together , I 'd get `` Eragon '' . I do believe that with proper schooling , this young author will have a bright career and I hope he 'll consider a re-write of this novel . I 'm sure that I would have enjoyed this attempt more if the characters spoke in traditional old-english OR new-modern dialect , as I found that blending the speaking styles was distracting . I also would have preferred less repetitive conversation and more action . The first 2 chapters were good , but after that became tedious . So , I think that the book is too wordy for kids under the age of 13 and not sophisticated enough for those who are older . Sorry .
 I have not read the Lord of the Rings and many other popular fantasies , but even so I could just feel it in my bones that his book was one big fat cliche . While reading it I was thinking to myself , `` Why do n't I like it , why do n't I like it ? '' and after doing a bit of research I found out why . Sure , I 'll admit it had some exciting parts in it , sort of , but overall I do not beleive this is anything special . I had about a quarter of the book left before I finally could n't take the torture anymore and just returned it to the library .
 I picked up this book on a whim at one of my favorite book stores . I thought it sounded like a good story and the cover art was pretty . I 'm a big fantasy fan and I was getting bored with all my old books.Suffice it to say I was severely disappointed.Christopher Paolini was obviously , painfully young when he wrote this . The story idea is intriguing -LRB- even though it was stolen from so many different books and movies it was far from original -RRB- , but the characters are just too ... emotional . It reads like some geeky fat kid with thick glasses and pimples was role-playing out his angst on some online forum.The main character cries . A lot . That 's a major turn off . Sure , men cry , but ALL THE TIME ?! And he faints . A lot . It 's ridiculous.All in all it 's a good first try . He should go back and re-write it once he 's older and has a little more experience under his belt . I will probably go to the library to read the second and third installments , just to see if he 's grown any . But will I buy them ? Probably not .
 This book may have a good plot line , but by chapter three I began dreading picking this book up to read each night . I picked this book up because I am an imense Harry Potter and Artemis Fowl fan . I was very disapointed.The subject -LRB- and typically the first word -RRB- of every sentance in this book is a proper noun . Trying to keep track of the he , she , they and its quickly became annoying . Also , the author ca n't mention any inatomate object without giving you several long metaphores or symolies to describe it.This book reads as though it was writin by someone who has never heard of any literay devices other than symolies and metaphores and believes writing a good story means cramming as many of them into it as humanly possible . Sometimes less is more .
 I read 2 books a week , less when I have school , but this book is pathetic . Absolutely the worst I 've ever encountered . Moronic characters and horrible . Skip it !
 Okay , the author is talented for his age , but that does n't make this book a masterpiece or any better to read , for that matter . It was good but HORRIBLY unoriginal . It was an exact mixture of Jeremy Thatcher , Dragon Hatcher -LRB- he finds a dragon egg , does n't know what it is , the dragon `` chose '' him to be its companion , he raised it and they were able to communicate telepathically - EXACTLY like JT , DH which I read in 6th grade -RRB- ; the Lord of the Rings -LRB- the species and variety thereof in this book are very similiar to Tolkien 's -RRB- ; The Wheel of Time series -LRB- how he meets and acts with his human companions reminded me of Jordan 's works -RRB- and just about any other fantasy book I 've gotten my hands on . The idea of the `` Shades , '' is over-used , the personality and description of the `` Urgals '' can be found in many books but with different names , and everything was horribly cliche . It was also incredibly predictable -LRB- I would get into this more but it would be a spoiler for those who still want to read it -RRB- . It 's worth borrowing at the library but do n't waste your money on it .
 I suppose a little history first . I first picked up Eragon several years ago in a book store after hearing plenty of buzz about its young writer . After snickering through a couple of badly written chapters , clearly by an amateur , I dropped it right back on the shelf . Fast forward to the movie release , a friend told me that it was n't THAT bad , and that I should reconsider it . I purchased the book in paperback , but still had the same reaction each time I tried to read it . Finally , I was faced with dwindling book space -- to the point that I was going to have to get rid of the book unread , so I sat down and read it this weekend.First to anyone who says it is n't derivative , you simply have not been exposed to enough fantasy . If Paolini had an original idea in the book , I did n't bump into it . To a degree that 's fine , as saturated as the fantasy market has become , it 's almost impossible for someone to have a completely original work . That said , Paolini lifted from other authors ' works in whole cloth . I would say he should be ashamed , but what young writer has n't written something completely derivative of a favorite work ? Instead , the shame should fall on his publishers , editors , and his fans who keep praising this drivel to the skies like a mature work . This book should have been left in a drawer , where Paolini would discover it years later , flip through it and be embarrassed by his naivet&eacute;.Instead , it 's out in the world at large ready to pounce on unsuspecting readers . The book is bad . The dialogue is awkward , the plotting is heavy-handed , and the characters are flat . I 'm one of those people that will spout tears over a good character death . Brom 's death ? I snorted . It was so obvious that the author might as well have written in bold , `` I AM GOING TO KILL THIS CHARACTER IN A HUNDRED PAGES . '' Also it 's pretty clear that the kid does n't have any real experience with death . Never mind the Mary Sues . Know why Angela is original ? Check the dedication ... he wrote his sister into the book . Good grief.Besides that ? The pacing is okay , and by okay , I mean that I start skimming when I get bored , which was mostly near the last quater of the book . It was n't entirely unreadable . I 'll probably watch the movie to see how they adapted it , but there is no way I 'm picking up anything else from this author until someone says he 's grown up . Given that he 's being praised for his juvenilia , somehow I do n't see that happening any time soon .
 Finally finished `` the dragon book '' as my friend keeps calling it and , looking back , I can not believe I made it all the way through.Nothing surprising happened from start to finish , plot and character entirely predictable.Characters are uniformly Good or Evil in uniformly dull ways.Every chapter is written like a Q&A. ; Eragon endlessly asking questions and getting answers . The author can not stage a dramatic exchange of dialog.Gah .
 This is one of the worst books i have ever read . I know the author is young -LRB- i 'm still younger than him tho , but my god , the writing in this novel is disgusting . I almost threw up reading it , i seriously did . Maybe it 's just because i 'm used to the writings of Tolkien and George R.R. Martin , but this guy really needs to learn how to write . Hopefully he 'll get better and at least become as competant as Robert Jordan , but that still is n't anything to brag about .
 The only thing good about this book is the artwork on the book jacket .
 Eragon is the worse book I ever read . It just a stupid awful book with no point . Read anything else !!!!!!
 What a great book . I ca n't wait for the sequel .
 First I apologize for my previous reveiw . I did not understand how the themes in this book where teaching wrong . There is no such thing in real life as `` good magic '' it is not posible . Nither can magic be used for good in real life . Do n't get me wrong I am not talking about `` magic tricks '' for they are not `` real . '' I am saying true wichcraft and sorcery thease can NOT be used for good . Do not read this book . I am writing this becuse not many other revews would go this far to tell of what the backround theams are . Those who do not like Harry Potter do not read this book . In my opinion this book is much more about evil than good . Yes , I know it 's `` fantasy '' but the themes of magic are much more intence than other fantasys I have read . If you do n't listen to me on that listen to me when I say that this book is , with the exeption of magic taught , is not much diffrent than other fantasys . Also its not even my writen well , in opinion . Please ignore my other revew , This is not a book worth reading . Read , `` Black '' by Ted Dekker insted . Do not read this book , but if you do , not that I am saying to at all becuse DO N'T , remember that the theames of are incorrect . This book is not an allegory and I am not saying that all the use of magic in allegorys is incorect for they sometimes are repersinting an actual event , to tell it in a difrent way . Though I am not saying that the use of magic in all allegorys are not incorect . Some are cetantly not used in the right way . This is my opinion at this time and may cahnge . But the use of magic in this book is certantly incorect .
 Well , after a couple of weeks I 've decided to put Eragon down unfinished . I made to page 462 before giving up . I started reading this to see what mistakes the author made , so that I do n't make them in my own writing , and second , to try and figure out why on earth something this poorly written could end up a NYT bestseller . I got a lot of answers on the first one , but am still a little shaky on the second.I give it two out of five stars - I would have given it one star , except when I thought about it , I realized that I probably would have enjoyed this book when I was 8-9 years old . That 's totally fair . It would have sparked my imagination , probably expanded my vocabulary -LRB- more on that later -RRB- , and prompted me to continue reading fantasy , which I loved then and love now . So two stars for that . Now the problems.First , voice . The single biggest issue here was vocabulary . I think without this problem , I might have finished the book . There 's not really anything wrong with Paolini 's writing , though there 's nothing particularly compelling about it either . The thing is , he uses all the wrong words . Clearly the young man is very intelligent . However , at least at the time he wrote this book , he had n't learned that the bigger word is not necessarily better - and often times , the bigger word is worse . This did n't leak into the dialogue much , but the narrative is littered with it.Second , plot . A lot has been said about this elsewhere , so I wo n't harp on it , but basically , if there 's anything new in this story , I sure had n't found it by page 462 . This would be fine if I were 8 or 9 and not familiar with as much fiction as I am now , or if the voice was compelling enough , but as it was , it just turned into a game to guess what was going to happen next , and then it just got boring . Paolini is quoted on Wikipedia as saying that he purposefully included archetypal elements of fantasy , and that 's fine , but the story still needs something to make it worth reading , and for me , this just did n't cut it .
 Hmm , this is going to be a short review because there really is n't much to say and everyone else has already said it . If you want a more childish adventurous fantasy book then this is great . Its got all the archetypical plotlines , characters , magics , and creatures you could ever want . It just has a story that is fun to read , nothing more and therefore it gets no more than two stars . I ca n't believe at how popular this is and that it already has a movie , kinda sad . To unoriginal ...
 `` Derivative '' is an understatement . Almost every element of this book was taken from someplace else . The setting is Middle Earth , even down to the different varieties of orc -LRB- err ... urgal -RRB- . The description of magic is from Earthsea . Much of the plot is Star Wars , from the destruction of Luke 's uncle 's farm to the apprenticeship with Obi-wan -LRB- err ... Brom -RRB- , but then reverts to Middle Earth -LRB- the seige of Gondor and the killing of the Lord of the Nazgul -RRB- at the end . And of course , the dragons and dragon-riders are straight from Pern.The descriptions are unbelievably overdone , from the `` it was a dark and stormy night '' school of literature.But despite all these faults , it was a fun read ! My kids loved it , and I picked it up on a day that I was home sick and could n't put it down . I got to know and like the characters , and I 'm looking forward to reading Book 2 .
 While the first chapter clearly showed possibility , the rest of the book seems rushed - as if , having got his great idea , he did n't know where to go with it and shuffled together bits of every great fantasy book ever written . The title , even , is vertually indistinguishable from Aragorn of Lord of the Rings fame.Perhaps , if he 'd spent more time thinking and ploting out the book , it would 've been beter . Until that rewrite , however , avid readers of the genre should stick away for fear of disapointment .
 Lessee here , there 's a big blue book . * read read read * Hmm , it has star wars , lotr , and even Dragon 's Blood rip-offs !!!! Saphira is like an awful version of Heart 's Blood.Do not read this book !
 Yup , it is pure plagiarism . There was not an original thought or concept in this book . I only read it because it was highly recommended to me.One way that I will disagree with some of the other reviewers is that I see the plot base as lifted completely from The Wheel of Time rather than Star Wars or Harry Potter . But of course The Wheel of Time is not exactly original either . Eragon has bits and pieces lifted from many great stories.There is one positive to this book and that is that Paolini has a style that is easy to read for poor readers . Now this does not make him a good writer but there is a market for this type of writing . My favorite authors include Frank Herbert , Neal Stephenson , Robert Heinlein and JRR Tolkien . But there are many young products of our failing government schools that do not have the mental guns to get through the great works of great writers.So , I would say that Eragon is a good step up from the comic book level . And for those people who do not normally read , this is an easy transition from comic books to real books . Hopefully they will be inspired by Eragon to go on to read truly great literature.From a purely economic point of view there is a great demand for books like this . The author and publisher will likely do very well and we will see other copy-cat works that attempt to dumb down stories to a level that will sell well to the masses of semi-literate in the world . This is not a criticism . It is the function of publishers to deliver product that is wanted , not to deliver literary masterpieces . The masterpieces will be left to the artists.As Mr Paolini grows in years it will be interesting to see if his style matures . Will he continue to churn out the same pulp and get fabulously wealthy in the process , or will he attempt to grow as a writer and risk offending his core readers ? It will be interesting .
 What a disappointment this was !!! The story goes on and on , but does n't go anywhere . The worst I 've read . Waste of my money !
 Now here 's a book that will surely captivate your eye , heart , and aspirin bottle . The cover will be staring at you menacingly as you try to decide which book you should steal . Ah yes . The cover I do have to admit looks nice , with a blue backdrop covering the whole cover . A dragon is staring at us and the words Eragon are below all this blue in white letters . If the cover is the only thing that captivates you 're eye and the only thing you like about the book , , then this is the book for you ! The inside however , is an ancient curse ... I first have to say something about the title . Eragon , which is such a unique title I was shocked at how original it actually is . Take Eragon , and replace the E with a D , and what do you get ? Yep . Dragon ! I just have to applaud our young author for thinking of something so original!The author is just a kid , and I ca n't help but praise this young soul for spending so much time dribbling out some piece of stolen work . I guess home schooling did n't teach him the ponderous , yet dire consequences of stealing someone 's plot line . I 'm not sure if there is a law to this or not , but I do know that this is just wrong . Funny yes , but also wrong . He did n't plagiarize , but come on , now . Does n't this plot seem a little like the plot to star wars?Eragon , a young farm boy , also known as Luke Skywalker , finds a marvelous blue stone or a little white droid in a mystical mountain place , or at a droid selling area ... Before he can trade it for food , or work in the similar plot , to get his family through the hard winter , also known as harvest . It hatches a beautiful sapphire-blue dragon , or in the similar plot , produces a beautiful blue hologram of a woman . when his family is killed by the marauding Ra ` zac , or the sand creatures , he discovers that he is the last of the Dragon Riders , also known as Jedi knights , fated to play a decisive part in the coming war -LRB- ... do I honestly have to tell you what the connection is here ? -RRB- between the human but hidden Varden , or the rebels , and the diabolical Shades and their Neanderthal Urgalls , also known as the empire with their storm troopers . all pitted against each other and the evil King Galbatorix . Also known as darth Vader . Eragon and his dragon , or light saber , set out to find their role , growing in magic power . Or can be described as the force , and understanding of the complex political situation , also can be referred to as the Jedi code , as they endure perilous travels and sudden battles , dire wounds , capture and escape just like in the fourth star wars movie called a new hope.With that obviously stolen plot in mind , I started to look at this book with even more of a critical eye , not stolen I might add . The synopsis on the back of the book , which is supposed to draw you into getting the book , made me want to light it on fire then use it to invent a new fire cracker . Dull and not posing any suspense at all , the synopsis briefly explains the plot . Underneath all the fancy elegant words I could hear it crying one simple message to me . Do n't read this book . The summery even seemed bored . However , I believe in giving any piece of work a chance , even stolen work . So despite my headache after reading the back of the book , I took 6 aspirin tablets and decided to give it a whorl , and take it with me into hyperspace , and let me just say I was shocked.When I say I was shocked , I mean that in a bad way . The prologue of the story opens up in Eragon 's home town of Alagasia which is in fact where most of the story takes place . It 's obvious that the writer wanted to create a big bang right from the beginning , because right away we are thrust into a battle where a lone girl is fleeing through dark trees to escape the bad guys . As she does , she hides an egg , or a lightsabor in the strangely similar plot ... that makes my eyes bulge , and my headache subside some . A book that starts out with action surely has no where to go but up right ? Well , that 's what I get for assuming things , because I was dead wrong.After I was spoiled by that awesome prologue the first chapters made that whole thing seem like a tease . I do n't know about you , , but I never actually had an inert object tease me before , let alone lie to me and trick me . This book did just that . After the prologue chapter one ourd out some random horrible mindless dribble that he calls sentences . It was almost as if the book was saying `` I 'm going to mess with your head ! Ha ha ha . I 'm going to do Jedi mind tricks on you !
 I am not sure about this book . On one hand , it has a bit of interesting detail . On the other , it has fairly bad writing . For instance , on the first page I was put off by the repetitive-ness of the phrases , it kept saying contradicting things . Example
 Do n't bother to buy this book . Chances are if you like fantasy literature you 've already read this book -- under a different title , written by a different author . Save your money .
 I read the first chapter and was not impressed . I think he copied J.R.R. Tolkien . Instead of orcs , he has Urgals . He even copied Arwen ! The magic is too easy to cast and it works every time . The languages are inconsistent and sound like a caveman trying to talk . You should read Tolkien 's books . They are waaaaaaay better .
 Of course I belonged to the throngs that bought the book without reading a review . I would n't be a nimrod , and life would n't be ironic if I did n't . My first compulsion was to regret the act , but now I 'm looking at it as a learning experience . You know , like a list of things of what NOT to do.Unless a book is truly horrible , I usually stick through till the end , and while I ca n't entirely say that this book is utter rubbish , I believe that it comes dangerously close to being so . Like many other reviewers said here , I find that the prose/plot/settings of Paolini 's work was painfully similar to Star Wars
 Were it not for the assurances by my wife that `` it does get better , '' I never would have made it past page 50 of this book . The prose is hackneyed and tiresome . Paolini seems unaware that phrases like `` for what seemed like hours '' are both cliched and unhelpful for communicating anything to the reader . At one point a character speaks `` in a language known only to him , '' which probably sounds ominous to a middle-schooler , but only made me laugh . His parents must be kicking themselves for paying for those lessons . Do we find out later in the book why no one else speaks this language ? Of course not , because whereas a master like Tolkien could footnote his footnotes with every last detail of the events and individuals surrounding his narrative so that the reader gets a sense that he is viewing one small aspect of a great tapestry , Paolini is pretty clearly just throwing stuff together that sounds cool.That 's not to say that there is no context for the action outside the narrative . In fact , I feel right at home in the world of Analgesia or whatever it 's called , because frankly I 've been there before . The ingredients for Eragon are simple
 ... there are several things that are incredibly irking to me when I read Paolini 's work . A -RRB- the plots of Eragon and Eldest are predictable and overused , B -RRB- his characters are stuffy and suspiciously resemble Mary Sues -LRB- Gary Stu ? -RRB- , C -RRB- most of his ideas are not new , and D -RRB- this book was spotlighted merely because he was relatively young . The most irritating are the last two points , so I 'll elaborate on those.There have been multiple reviews by both amateur and professional reviewers alike that have expanded upon Eragon 's remarkable tendency to show parallels with large-name fantasy books -LRB- e.g. LeGuin , Tolkien , Star Wars , etc -RRB- , so I really wo n't elaborate too much.Admittedly , the world of fantasy fiction * is * going to have cliched ideas . For example , sword and sorcery novels are going to have some recurring themes shared between most of them . The key to making this okay , in my opinion , is that this theme or idea is recycled between each book -- reused but remade with the author 's own variation.It seems to me that Paolini sifted through the trash cans of the best-known fantasy authors , uncrumpled their ideas , and used it straight from the wastebin . Following this analogy , he has made a collage of the different ideas from these authors in his book . Needless to say , it was not a fresh read nor creative and new.Because Paolini was 15 when he began Eragon and 17 when it was published , most critics have responded positively to this work . If there had been no mention of his age , the book 's popularity amongst reviewers would probably have been drastically different
 Much has been made of Eragon 's derivative and cliched plot , and that is certainly in order . However , I think more need be said about the quality of Paolini 's prose . The most gentle way I can think of saying it is that his writing is respectable for a seventeen-year-old , but in all honesty , it does n't even qualify as impressive . The characters ' dialogue is forced and unbelievable , and Paolini unconsciously slides between ` high ' language -LRB- think Tolkien minus talent -RRB- and seventeen-year-old street jargon . I wish I could provide you with an example , but I am fortunate enough not to own the book . However , simply open your copy to any page , and I 'm sure you 'll see illustrated exactly what I 'm talking about.This is simply a book not worth reading . There is nothing about it that I can commend to you . Neither the plot nor style offer anything of value to the reader . Though perhaps now we can better appreciate the decades of thought and study that went into Tolkien 's masterpiece , and give more honor where it 's truly due .
 If you 've read any fantasy at all , this book will put you to sleep . Imagine all the big stories in the genre combined into one book without a bit of the craft or individual voice that sets a good , if average , fantasy novel apart .
 Quickly reviewed
 This is alright for a beginner but , I hope his next book improves greatly , otherwise I will not even bother to read the third one.One thing that bugs me about this book is that the author seemed to keep changing his mind about almost everything ! For instance , his dragon . She keeps almost changing shape ! She 's supposed to be so huge and strong but ca n't carry three people . She flies way up in the air one day , but the next day she ca n't breathe that high . It makes no sense . Its as if the author keeps switching from one story to another.I do n't think it was written well .
 I was excited to read this book , what with all of the praise I had heard for the 17-year-old that had written . How disappointed was I . This is , without an ounce of doubt , the most poorly written book I have ever regrettably paid money for . Shoddy characters , a splotchy story , and an over all plot that seems to pull from other fantasy writers that are much , much better than he is . Honestly , I can not believe how many mistakes he made while writing his story . I just wanted to take a red pen and scribble out whole pieces of useless details.If you want to read an adolescent fantasy novel , go read The Golden Compass , or a Wrinkle in Time . Do n't even bother touching trash like this .
 I picked this book up and half way through it felt like I had read it before . After I found out it was written by a teenager I was no longer suprised by the poor dialogue . It felt very predicatable based on books I have already read . It was like Star Wars meets Lord of the Rings . I wont bother with the second book .
 This whole book is nothing but a rip off of some of the best fantasy writers out there . It 's a Starwars/LOTR/Belgarion / Elenium/Dragon Riders / and about 15 others copy . Not only that but the texts itself is so poorly worded and done I barely made it throught the first chapter . The only reason I finished this book was so I could find out just how much stolen material this book contains . Well ... I 'm surprised it got published at all considering how poorly its written and how much of the context is ripped off other authors .
 Many reviews I 've read on amazon compares Eragon to LOTR , Star Wars , and other books . I admit that I 've never seen the Star Wars films nor read the LOTR trilogy -LRB- only saw the movies -RRB- so I ca n't call out the similarities of this book to the other works . However , I am writing to warn other potential readers to beware of the flat characters , the thin storyline , and an extremely dry sequel -LRB- Eldest -RRB- . After finishing this book , I though `` ok , its a little like lord of the rings with the elves , and dwarves but whatever . '' What nags me the most is the unlikable and cliche main character . The farm boy who becomes super strong to save the world from evil . To me , its just stupid that the boy can become the savior of the land through a few weeks of hurried training by a wise `` story teller . '' I feel like I would 've like the book more if the author made the characters more realistic -LRB- Eragon struggling with his new role as savior and his struggle with learning magic , Elf-lady not so impossibly beautiful , and the rest of the characters worship the farmboy a little less -RRB- . As for the second book , I could n't finish it . It was boring , especially with the introduction of Eragon 's cousin Roran.This could 've been a good story , because it started out interesting . I would 've liked the farmboy saving the world if only they would make the farmboy more human.I would only recommend this book to young adult readers because it is a simple read and kids should always be reading.Books > movies !
 When i firstly glanced over the book I 've already checked out it will be a Lord of the Rings copy . The map with the semi-known names , the language of the dwarves , etc. . Then I started to read . The story itself was intresting -LRB- I like fantasy so I like this kind of story ... -RRB- , but usually very plain and predictable . Who had n't know that Eragon will go for a long and lifechanging journey , he will save the elf and fall in love into her slowly , Brom is well-known in the far lands , Murtagh is the son of a great evil Rider , etc.Maybe if Paolini would create some own thing , he could be good writer ... Now he remains fine fan-fiction writer , they use to write copies .
 When I started to read this book , I noticed that it was very similiar to Lord of the Rings by J R R Tolkien . There was a map in the book , and there were languages used , much in the same style as in Tolkien 's writing . When I began the book , I realized that not only was the book similiar to LOTR , it was LOTR !! Many creatures that Tolkien invented , like tall elves , and the Dwarves were in the book . Eragon is also haunted by riders cloaked in black and strange monsters , fights with swords , and is almost certanly going to win the love a beautiful elven girl . Eragon is taught magic by an elderly man who later dies , just as Gandalf from LOTR does . The magical parts of the book reminded me of the Harry Potter series by J K Rowling.Even not looking at the plagerisim of at least two famous books , Eragon was horrible . The writing was very poor , even for a 17 year old.Many people love Paolini because he has writen such a masterpiece at 17 . Some people have gone so far as to proclaim him a genius . The writing in the book was horrible and the only reason I continued reading was to see how Paolini would copy off of someone next . If you are considering buying this book , do not , and instead read The Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter . I gave the book 1 star , but if I had a choice I would have graded this book as 0 out of 100 . I hope no other Harry Potter or Lord of the Rings fan will have to endure reading this book as I have .
 Avoid this book . It is one of the worst written fantasy books I have every read . I commented to a friend after reading it that he should avoid it as it reads like it was written by a teenage kid , only then did I find out that it actually was . This book did not deserve my hard earned money and I am annoyed at all the praise it received which seems more aimed at the authors age than the actually quality of the book . I did n't get a discount for his age so he should not be getting kind praise for this trash merely for his age .
 I gave this one star , because I could n't give it less.I started reading this book and realized how similar it sounded to a dungeon master setting up the scene for his group of friends that are playing D&D ; -LRB- Dungeons and Dragons -RRB- . I 'm sorry but I could n't even get past the first chapter without wanting to go throw the book at the dungeon master that wrote it . It really sounded like something that was made-up on the spot after everyone has finished rolling their dice.A dungeon master would say something like , `` The scene is a bar , the sign says `` Dragon 's Den '' , a man in a cloak is sitting at a table , and a cyclops is pouring the drinks . `` Yeah , that sounds like a good beginning for some D&D ; , and you know what , you can play that for free!The rest of the chapter I read sounded just like that.A 17 year old wrote it?Sounded like he was 14 . Want some really good fantasy that is well written , well thought out , and has that good ` ol british humor?Dig into Terry Pratchett , you wo n't be disappointed !
 Are all you people giving this book a five star review drunk , 11 years old or just stupid ? This books is terrible . It 's a cookie-cutter rehash of about a trillion other pulp fantasy novels that have been written over the last 20 years , and it 's not even a very good one . Half the reviews I see trumpet how this was written by a teenager -- I 'd argue that 's blindingly obvious , and perhaps the publisher should have kept that under wraps . This books is a disgrace . I would n't wipe my @ $ $ with it ... All you kiddies writing in with 5 star reviews should go back to your D+D and Magic games and leave book reviewing to people who can actually drive cars . Pathetic .
 I liken this book to a boy band group . Some smug hair gelled agent realizes that all he has to do is pluck some young teenager from obscurity , give him a huge marketing push and sell him as every other teen wanabee 's dream in order to wrap the foil of the publishing world around a turkey of a book . In spite of the writing being as captivating as crumpled gift wrapping the storm of advertising guarantees that the fans will eat it up . The adherence to contemporary metaphor , story rhythm , character drama , and daring uses of the protagonist/antagonist duality are all tossed for a cheap laser printed fairy tale . The masses of young people who buy this book are simply doing it to revel in the young writer 's rags to riches story . A few press releases later and you find hordes of desperate teenagers attempting to identify the star 's apparent overnight success with their own potential . This is why many of the novice consumers will shout to high heaven with fingers in their ears when someone with more sophisticated , and more deserving , tastes attempts to reveal this book as the lightweight material it really is . This book represents the worst of cheap , instantaneous , lazy fame . The `` maybe it can happen to me '' effect gets pumped to full volume so that hero-oriented teenagers can hope that someday their own understanding of the world formulated from sci-fi movies of the week will be seen and appreciated by everyone.Often the songs/screenplays/novels are atrocious mock-ups of well cultured three-dimensional classics that everyone in the world was inspired by . What flies over the head of most young artists is that what is considered inspirational is often brought about from the chaos of the evolving world . Socio-economic changes , shifts in national personality , new sciences , heck even hitting puberty all serves as potent inspiration for well cultured ideas portrayed through songs , film , paintings and of course books . Merely echoing a genius work only spotlights how little the shadower understands of the art . Much like how a math student can scribble the professor 's workings on the chalk board and even calculate them , but not know how to create the formulas themselves . Like the bumbling math student , young writers/songwriters/actors often surf into a tunnel vision of perfection that leads not only to bad , predictable writing , but also to featherweight computer snap-pop , armor piercing rap music , limp wristed goth battle movies and cliques of fashion dojos . Teens need a standard of perfection and they look for it beyond their parents , namely in the glamor of a copy ad . The underlying mentality is `` If you 're good enough for tv , you 're good enough for me ! '' The understanding with most children is that whatever worthwhile , and thus beautiful , is filmed . If they can be associated with what is beautiful , strong , courageous ... perfect then they will be entitled to the riches of the world . Like all the clothing pinnups , teen be-bop songs and grainy online video contests this novel is just another ego enticement for the young . Like its cousins the novel is about as memorable as a phone jingle from a blackberry.I 've alway 's been irked by the old mantra that reading a book makes you smarter . Junk books exist as much as junk media , it 's just that you can absorb and critique a movie much faster than a book . This is why movies take more flak for being horrible in general . People can see several movies much faster than they could read several books . No one has time to read a bad book ... unless you are young enough get ensnared by the jungle trap of the marketing hunter .
 Actually , I misspoke
 Eragon is a fantasy novel written by Christopher Paolini . He started when he was fifteen , and finished when he was nineteen , which is truly a noteworthy accomplishment . This book has been hailed as a phenomenon , and has become an international bestseller . But honestly , I wrack my brain trying to understand how and why . For those who have read and love Eragon , I hope you become exposed to real fantasy and science fiction soon . For those of you who have n't read this , let me make a suggestion
 To echo the sentiments of many other reviewers , I am impressed by the fact that Christopher Paolini began this book , part one of a series , when he was only fifteen years old . This novel tells the story of Eragon -LRB- which is dragon spelled with an `` e '' -RRB- , a young boy who finds a magical ` stone ' that turns out to be a dragon egg . The egg hatches into amagical creature and Eragon discovers that he possesses the rare and coveted talent of being able to communicate with dragons . Eragon learns much from the dragon , as well as an ex-dragon rider named Brom , and comes to realize that he will play an important role in an impending conflict with evil to determine the fate of their land . They begin their adventures that take them to many mystical places and along the way the young Eragon slowly matures into a budding warrior clearly destined to save the world from the evil of King Galbatorix . I would not consider myself a ` fan ' of fantasy fiction , which is probably why I liked thisbook . I have read Tolkien and I can clearly see his influence in Paolini 's writing . However , I was somewhat disappointed in the shallowness of Paolini 's characters and the lack of scene-description that made Tolkien 's writings so incredibly popular . The concept of aselect breed of warriors destined to protect the world also seems to be quite Jedi-esque and the idea of dragon riders is borrowed as well . There are the common fantasy characters of elves and dwarves that many will recognize . But something tells me that those who are avid fantasy and science fiction readers may be somewhat disappointed in this novel . The pace is quick and the book is packed with plenty of action , enough to keep most readers interested to the end.If you like fiction , but are basically so-so when it comes to fantasy , you 'll probably enjoy this book as I did . But if you consider yourself a master swordsman of science fiction and fantasy , then the borrowed concepts and inexperienced writing may leave you with a generic taste in your mouth , looking for a brand name item.Reviewed on behalf of readandreview -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is probably the worst book I have ever read . It left me lukewarm towards the characters , not really caring whether they lived or died . The plot was slow and predictable , with parts taken almost directly from other popular pieces of liturature . The writing was atrocious . I could not even finish this book , that 's how bad it was . I can not imagine why anyone would like this . Sorely disapointed .
 I Could n't even get past page 60 . This is just a copy of other fantasy books . A place called Gilead
 I picked up this book based on some of the hype generated around Paolini . While I have to agree with some of the other reviews regarding the writing style and the portions of the story which are influenced from some very geat Authors . Even though Paolini has taken plot lines from other Authors I will wait to see where these stories end up . I do n't want to trash his first effort completely and look forward to seeing what the next volume has in store . Hopefully , the editing issues can be resolved by then .
 Eragon does suck and Dragons
 Page 304 . `` Tell her to wait another five minutes . '' -LSB- Murtagh wants Eragon to tell the Dragon Saphira to wait 5 minutes before coming to rescue them . Wait . . Dragon ca n't tell time ... Page 411 . Ajihad : `` Indeed , they never fully ... allowed them to police their kingdom . '' the word `` police '' is kind of too modern to appear in a fantasy book.Page 470 . The modern time concept appears again in the book . `` The Urgals will arrive in a matter of hours . '' Unless they have magical watches , they ca n't properly tell time , can they ?
 It 's really too bad that Paolini had to BLATANTLY STEAL his ideas from other books and games . This book is nothing but a pile of stolen junk .
 I purchased this book only to use it in a book-burning party with a few good friends . Paolini is not worth your time or money ; Tolkien and even Rowling and Brian Jacques have more to say and better ways of saying it . Please purchase this book if only to burn it .
 I wish he came up with better ideas , too much like Lord of the Rings and Star Wars . I understand taking elements , but taking the same entire story is pretty terrible and another thing . This book is like taking a paper bag , and turning it inside out , it appears different , still a paperbag , but what they have in common is that you can wipe your ass with them . : - -RRB-
 Christopher Paolini did an amazing job to write this book at the age of 17 . However , the imagination and originality of Eragon is lacking . It seems as if the plot is derived from a mixture of a number of past fantasy novels . Overall , the plot contains trite ideas and themes . Character development , and especially emotional development , are areas that are weak . It is a fairly good book , especially for younger readers , but there is not much substance and originality to make it memorable for older readers .
 I agree with B. Capossere 's lengthy and thoughtful review . This was a 17-year-old fantasy book written by a 17-year-old . My 12-year-old son loved it , and that is to be expected . But where was Paolini 's editor ? For my part , I felt like the work jerked me back-and-forth , as the author would run deep for a bit , then shallow , then back and forth . While I enjoyed the story as a reflection -- as Capossere points out -- of greater fantasy writers , with some tighter editing , this could have been even better.Still , hurrah for Paolini for self-publishing and believing in his work enough to see it through ! I 'll look forward to reading his works in 10 years or so ...
 This author of Eragon did not make the stuff up on his own . He copied Lord of The Rings and I 'm not kidding . Based on the title of my review , his book is terrible , and he being 18 years old is the cause of it , being an inexperienced and terrible writer . One part in the book where Brom says sorry , goes like this
 I 'm a very good reader . I read the fifth Harry Potter book in two days -LRB- like 900 + pages -RRB- . This book took me about a month to read B/C it had a lot of unnecessary detail and probably could have been written much better in about 300 pages . I 'm not surprised that lots of other kids like this book , it was sorta fun and exciting -LRB- key word
 this book is a major acomplishment for a 15-16 year old , but so much stuff is ripped off of LOTR . It 's really predictable and you can see what will happen chapters early if you are 13 + years old . what really bugs me is that Paolini describes EVERY SINGLE THING in the book . i mean , do we really NEED to know what all the unimportant characters look like with so much choppy detail ??? also , sometimes the characters speak like it 's Middle Earth , and sometimes they speak like it 's Today .
 This book was The Dragonriders , LOTR , and HArry Potter in one . Even the names arent original , the Hero of destiny
 Christopher Pailioni is amazingly gifted writer , reading Paolumini story takes you away to world full of magical magic things and twinkly glitery stuff . It 's incredible . Its really cool to see such a young guy like Paompelini make such a wonderful book , Plumpuli should get an award . As for those claims that Paelimei copied Lord of the Rings , fooey ! Those movies came out after Poalinis wrote his storybook . Id give Palolina 5 stars but he forgot one thing , the mostest important thing for a childrens book , pictures !
 Amazing ? The best book ever ? Incredibble -LSB- sic -RSB- writing ? Ahhh ... to be young and stupid again ! These youngsters will probably be ashamed to remember their bright-eyed , glowing praise for what is not even a sub-par fantasy knockoff when they get older and discover real fantasy . I read this to my kid . I was ashamed to have finished the book , even in that capacity . He lost interest about 1/2 way through -- I lost it much earlier . I guess you ca n't blame the kids for their poor taste . I listened to the Monkees when I was younger ;--RRB- Consider `` Eragon '' the Monkees of fantasy novels ... it looks pretty but their is n't much there when you actually stop and pay attention to it .
 I first read this book when it was new and being heavily promoted - but I gave up after a few chapters , because it was slow , tired , cliched and clunky.I bought it again as an ebook when a special offer became available , and gave it another go . I should not have bothered . The story was no better ! I ended up rushing through to get the thing finished.The writer of this book was young , and his achievemnt should not be underestimated , and indeed has now been well rewarded . But as a work of fiction , this is just not one I could recommend . I expect readers who have read very little fantasy fiction -LRB- especially young readers -RRB- will enjoy this work . But those who have read widely will find it derivative . There are better versions of the same tale.Edit
 Alas , having been steeped in Tolkien and CS Lewis , I have extremely high standards . This book is not bad , and kudos for the author being so young , but I was not personally thrilled . I shall read the sequel but I went ahead and gave `` Eregon '' away .
 Please find this review helpful ! Nobody ever finds my reviews helpful ! It 's awful , I try my best and people do n't like them . It 's not that hard , really ! Just mark `` yes '' under `` was the review helpful to you . '' Pleeeeeeeease do it . It would really make me happy . Nobody EVER finds my reviews helpful!I had to repost this review because Amazon deleted it before .
 There is nothing innovative in this book . What was innovative of Tolkien , LeGuin , and Mcaffrey has been regurgitated in Eragon . It is remarkably well done for a teenager 's mimicry of greater works , but will remain just that . Mimicry . Two stars instead of one because it was readable .
 Look , I do n't really like Eragon , but I would like to clear some thing up . A lot of reviewers have dissed Paolini becuase supposedly his parents `` owned their own publishing company . '' Well that is FALSE . His parents self published some books of their own , and they helped him self publish Eragon , but the key here is SELF-PUBLISHED . While I do n't personally like the book -LRB- too cliche for me -RRB- I have to give him a hand for how he marketed it . Paolini did it the good old American way by publishing the book himself and then fighting tooth and nail to get people to buy it , by traveling the country , giving his own lectures in libraries and schools , and trying to sell it himself in bookstores . To make a long story short , he worked hard to get Eragon picked up by a traditional publishing company , so whether you liked the book or not , stop giving him a hard time for something that is not accurate .
 Dude people you are all such fools Eragon is the longest , most tedious and sloppily written fantasy my dad ever spent 20 bucks for . Mr. Paolini takes something out of Lord of the rings , something out of Dragonrider books , and something out of Harry potter even -- but doesnt add ennough of his own crap into the mix . Dungeons and dragons-lovers might enjoy it , but i found the writing hard to take -- its just unsubtle and cliched , thats what it is . Eragon is a one-dimensional character , all the people have funny names like Brom and all the places are called Yazuac and theres this sword called Zar-roc . OK how do you pronounce that?All this can be forgiven if it wasnt for that Yazuac scene ; read the lousy book and youll know what i mean . Warning to parents ; there are grotesque and disturbing images in this book . Wall street and new york times , why did you lie to us ? I could have gotten two grafic novels from tokyopop for that price ... Lame , Lame , lame . Read the Hobbit instead , I still love it
 Cliche , ripoff , no use of the word said , it 's all been said why this book is crap.All right , there 's lots of cliched pulp fantasy out there , but at least these mediocre books accept what they are . If you 'll check out Paolini 's website , you 'll see the arrogance he 's developed from writing a mediocre pulp fantasy book that thinks it 's going to be a classic .
 Well , where do I begin with this review ... Perhaps it would be best to start off how I came by this piece of literature . I was fortunate -LRB- unfortunate by some peoples considerations -RRB- enough to hear about this book early on . I was a junior at the time of it 's release . Now you must understand I do not mean the Random House re-release . I read this book when it was still being published by his own family and still unknown greatly.Well , to get back to how it started I went to my high schools library looking for a book to pass the time . The librarian handed me this newly arrived book called `` Eragon '' . A large dragon 's eye ornated the otherwise white book . I found it intrigueing , so I began to read.Regrettably judging books by their covers goes both ways . I was not impressed with the book compared to books I had just previously read . You must understand I had just finishe reading all of Goodkind 's `` Sword of Truth '' series as well as finishing off my re-reading of the `` Dune '' series . Needless to say `` Eragon '' does not stack up to these books in no way shape or form.Yet I still must give Christopher credit , he took the time to write this book and it was not incredibly bad . It just lacked in certian areas , and as someone has previously stated , it seems to be a melting pot of the greats . That was deluted with simplicity , the over-use of verbs , and the un-realism of characters.It is hard to say there is an unrealism to characters in a fantasy novel , but I shall try to elaborate . I do not mean that dwarves or shades in a book is unrealistic . Oh no , I speak of the personalities of the characters . Their reactions to trials and events . Eragon , as a character , jumped all over the place . At times he seemed nothing more than a boy . Within minutes he was an braver and `` stronger '' than an experianced warrior.I was going to list the similarites this book has held to all the others but it seems everyone else has done so . I would like to had however that similiarites is not always bad to a degree . I do not think my previous counterparts meant `` Oh , Poalini used Elves , but Tolkien did first . He is a copier . '' It was the originality of Tolkien 's Elves that made them great . Their culture , personality , etc. . Christopher 's were the same . This can be said for the dwarves as well . A perfect example of differances is R.A Salvatore 's `` Demon Wars '' saga . While keeping the secrative nature of Elves the same , Salvatores Elves were small in stature , preferred to fly , and so on.I do realise this review is getting long and overdrawn so let me get to the point . A few days after I had read his book . Christopher Paolini came to my school for a speech and book signing . It all came to clear , the un-realism of his characters , the unknown of similarities.After hearing this boy speak , as well as talking to him afterwards to get my book autographed . It was obvious , you see Christopher Paolini was homeschooled all through school . There is nothing wrong with this , but as he talked to a room full of lounging seniors , overworked juniors , egoed sophmores , and nervous freshman , it was clear he did not understand kids his own age . With-out the people skills that school gives you , for yes it does , it seems he will never write believeable characters until he learns that lesson . I do keep my hopes up for the second book , perhaps finally he will have matured some.I would have given this book a 3 stars , but after his speech it made many people want to quit writing even . He spoke of how tedious it was and how boring it was to research . Perhaps another reason I did n't exactly like it . I myself have done some minor writing , mainly helping my friends who are serious about it . Research is great but he spoke of `` The book that ate him alive . '' This is a term that does not attract new readers and writers .
 I could n't do it . I could n't finish a Dragon book.I thought that it could never happen . If you were to tell me that fact a while ago , I would have laughed in your face . `` Me ? Not enjoy a Dragon book ? HAHA ! That 's Funny . `` But Paolini did it . Well done . You should be proud.Ok , the writing was n't THAT bad - for a 15 -LRB- or was he 17 ? -RRB- year old . Good detail . But it had no personality . It was like reading a brick wall . A grey , cold , brick wall that had no friends ... Another thing that was like a brick wall was the plot . Oh . My . Good . God.It seems Lord of the Rings -LRB- a thing I dislike -RRB- and Star Wars -LRB- a thing I despise -RRB- got together and made this unholy book called Eragon.The plot is boring and slow . It uses every clich&eacute; in the Fantasy book . A magical sword , dragons-trolls - -LRB- beautiful -RRB- elves , a farm boy , etc. . And do you know what ? It 's not even original . I 've read Lord of the Rings -LRB- true , I did n't quite enjoy it -RRB- , and saw lots of similarities.Lord of the Rings
 Christoper Paolini graduated from high school at the age of 15 and in my opinion he should have waited a good deal longer to write Eragon . See , Eragon is not that bad of a idea just poorly executed . The writing falls flat on all facets and in my opinion cant compete with the likes of Robert Jordan , CS Lewis , and even JK Rowling . Considering how many people dislike his book I would not be suprised to find his next book , Eldest to be a real jaw dropper . Critiscm only makes you stronger and Paolini is gon na need alot of it to succeed in this biz . All told Eragon is Poor , unorginal with flat bordering on boring writing . If your new to the genre or 14 and younger I could reccomend it -LRB- but I wont -RRB- . Bottom Line
 Since I am a ESL and I have n't had chance to read a lot of classic fantasy literature . So , I am not able to compare Eragon to other books.However , I have played few video games myself . I can say that the plot of Eragon has a strong resemblance to the story line of many RPGs -LRB- Role Playing Game -RRB- . In Fact , reading Eragon is like reading a RPG walkthrough . A classic RPG is usually setup like this ; the main ` character - usually a young boy and his sidekicks will travel to a town , talk to few people , explore the town , complete a mission then travel to next town or a location and complete more missions.And in a RPG , it is typical for the main character only has the ability to walk around at the beginning of the game then main character will gain a ground transportation once he leaves his hometown . In the last part of the game , main character will finally team up with a flying device.So Many readers questioned why Eragon wo n't just ride the dragon and flying around?Eragon could not ! because it is against the RPG rule!I think somebody should make Eragon into a video game . Ho ~ wait they did make Eragon into a vedio game . Why bother reading the book ? just play the game.Or even better , just read the walkthrough of the Eragon game . At least there are some interesting pictures to look at in the walkthrough .
 SPOILER ALERT ! Do n't watch Star Wars before reading this novel , it 'll ruin the whole plot ! Oh yeah , everyone in the world already did . So we should all know the story , right ? Young boy , grows up on a farm with his uncle , meets old hermit who teaches him about his destiny which is to revive an extinct order of peace keepers . Then the evil empire comes to get him and kills his uncle forcing the boy to leave with the hermit and flee across the empire to the secret rebel base . Hermit dyes along the way in one of the imperial bases on a mission to rescue the princess and forces the boy to travel without a mentor . The boy is tracked to the rebel base picking up a rogue companion along the way and a tremendous battle ensues resulting in the rebellions first real victory . That 's book one AKA episode 4 . I wont get all the way into book two but Oromis = Yoda and `` Erigon -LRB- add ventalatory breath -RRB- I am your brother '' ... come on now . I shall not be reading the third book as I 'm pretty sure I already know how it ends . How is this guy famous ? Why do people read this poorly written dribble ? it 's just one stolen idea after the next . Star Wars , Lord of the Rings , Dragon Riders of Pern , ect , ect . If anyone can tell me one original idea this man has had , I would love to hear it.P.S . The whole magic , power of words concept is stolen too .
 The plot of this book is the classic coming-of-age story -LRB- with dragons , albeit -RRB- that one sees in works such as Harry Potter and Star Wars . You can basically cross out the character names from synopses of those and replace them with the character names from Eragon . The story line is classic , but this book does n't even bring any interesting twists to it.The characters are archetypes , with no personality quirks that would have made them actually interesting.If the author was given an assignment to write a book based on this classic story type , this would have been an admirable response . As it is , it 's mind-numbingly boring . It 's amazing for a book written by a fifteen-year-old , but it 's still not very interesting .
 When I was a little kid , I started and read this book , and I found it quite good , then I read decent fantasy novels . This book is so immensity long winded that if you cut it down to important details , it would have been maybe thirty pages . In addition to having a paper thin plot that anyone could guess the `` twists '' the author blatantly rips off other authors and works as opposed to creating his own ideas . The ancient language is Latin and dwarves speak german ! Urgales are simply orcs . All of the characters are shallow and make nothing but one terrible decision after another . Also , the magic users in this book are super weak and whinny `` oh , I ca n't heal him easily , it a paper cut , better draw on my magic reserves ! '' seriously , this book is nearly as bad as Harry Potter . Do n't waste your time on this book if you can read above a third grade level .
 Eragon is not too bad a book , but it is not all that great either . The message is , if you are connected to a good publishing company , it does not matter what quality of story you write , it can be a hit . People are craving good fantasy , and there is precious little of it out there . Eragon , which is marketed to the younger age , is a poor book , because it is a copy of another book , Star Wars A New Hope.Basically , the story is that of an abandoned child -LRB- the `` main '' -RRB- who does not know his parents , who is sent to live far away from the `` evil empire . '' The `` king '' of the `` evil empire '' used to be a good guy , a `` dragon rider '' and now destroyed the order of `` dragon riders '' to take over the world on his own . The opening scene is that of a `` princess '' fleeing agents of the `` evil empire . '' The `` princess '' has a `` important item for saving the rebels '' in her possession -LRB- this time a dragon egg -RRB- which she safely gets away while getting herself captured . The `` main '' then gets the `` important item '' not knowing what it was . The story progresses so that the `` main '' seeks out the `` wise old man '' to find out what his special destiny is because of the actions of the `` special item . '' Both `` wise old man '' and the `` main '' find agents of the `` evil empire '' have killed his uncle ! `` Wise old man '' and the `` main '' must flee his hiding place now , because they are no longer safe . They wish to find the `` rebel base . '' On their way to the rebel base , the `` wise old man '' and the `` main '' are attacked by agents of the `` evil empire . '' Also on the journey the `` main '' discovers he has `` magic . '' The `` main '' realizes that the `` evil empire '' has captured the `` princess '' and he must save her ! The `` wise old man '' does n't think this is wise , and temporarily leaves the scene . The `` main '' saves the `` princess '' barely , and the `` wise old man '' is killed defending their escape . The `` main '' and the `` princess '' make it to the `` rebel base '' with the help of the `` rogue . '' The rebel base is attacked by agents of the `` evil empire '' and the rebels fight back and destroy the captor of the princess.Now substitute jedi for dragon rider , and you can figure out the rest of the story . Now , if you are a kid and enjoyed this book , might I recommend reading the original story in George Lucas ' book called Star Wars . It is the only one he has written , and not an adaptation of the other screen plays . I do n't really think Star Wars was that great either , but it had some good elements in it , even though the story needed more development . This story is the exact same one , and it needed more development too . But , hey , the kid is just 17 ! And , getting all this attention is certain to make him believe he can do no wrong , and therefore take no advice from people , and therefore probably ruin his talent . This kid is no prodigy , but he might have SOME talent . It would have been easier to tell if he had written something original . Instead , it is a pure fantasy adaptation of the most popular sci-fi-fantasy movie of all time . How no one seems to care about this , I do n't know .
 I love Harry Potter Books and a lot more other teen novels such as the Bronze Bow . However , this book is very dull and I agree with others who say it is a rip off from other novels . I have read five chapters and I am , not sure if I want to go on . This was said to be as good as harry potter but I think it is very poor work .
 I purchased this relatively unknown book due , in part , to the positive reviews on Amazon . I was misled . As an avid reader , this book was underdeveloped and poorly written . The numerous typos are distracting and the characters lack depth . I forced myself to read the book , hoping it would improve but it did not . Save your money do not buy this book .
 How to make Eragon : Get the plot/characters/style from a bunch of brilliant books and moviesSeparate the good things from the badDispose of all the good qualitiesMix all that 's left -LRB- aka crap -RRB- in a panThrow in some ridiculous-sounding made-up wordsAdd LOTS of plot holes -LRB- a HUGE empire that controls a whole continent ca n't catch a kid with an overgrown , annoying lizard ? -RRB- Heat at 350 degress for three hours or until everything remotely decent has drained awayPublishCongrats ! You 've made Eragon ! -LRB- I really did want to like Eragon ... but my friends can write MUCH better things than this monstrosity in twenty minutes ! -RRB-
 This book and its author bothers me for the following reasons :1 -RRB- Just because he wrote this when he 15 does NOT automatically make this a great book2 -RRB- For the record , it IS N'T a great book .3 -RRB- The story is derivative4 -RRB- Of Tolkien5 -RRB- And God knows how many other fantasy novels6 -RRB- It 's sappy7 -RRB- It 's unengaging8 -RRB- You can tell it was written by a 15-year-old9 -RRB- The Editing is horrible ! -LRB- Who edited this ? Oh right ... HIS PARENTS -RRB- 10 -RRB- Frankly , I think it 's a waste of paperOn the other hand , the title page art is lovely .
 Not another `` this is a children 's book , so do n't criticize it '' reviewer . Wendelin Van Fan , here 's some stuff for you.Wendelin said that criticizing Eragon is like `` 13 year olds criticizing Berenstein Bears . '' First off , how do you know the ages of the reviewers ? Many of them are in fact `` young adults '' . I 'm sixteen and I know a crappy , cliched book when I see it.Second , Paolini obviously did n't mean for Eragon to be as immature as you think it is . His own website shows his pretentiousness in quotes like `` I strive for a lyrical beauty somewhere between Tolkien at his best and Seamus Heaney 's translation of Beowulf . '' He 's comparing his own work to established classics , so why should n't we do the same ? Face it . Eragon 's not a decent children 's book . It 's a poorly written adult book and anyone , no matter how old he or she is , has the right to criticize it .
 You can tell this book was written by a kid . I 've found it very dull reading , and ca n't imagine why it 's sold so many copies . Maybe it 's the novelty of it having been written by a home-schooled kid , because it certainly is n't the gripping narrative . Nothing happens in this book for pages and pages . And the emotions that Eragon expresses ; well , as I said , you can tell it was written by a kid because there 's just no sophistication to the language or story telling . You 'd be better off reading the Artemis Fowl series -LRB- fun and funny -RRB- , of if you 're older , the His Dark Materials series -LRB- sophisticated and thoughtprovoking -RRB- .
 I do n't think I have to explain my point , I just think it was terrible , personally .
 Christopher is trying to create an elabrate world of destiny , magic , and dragons , the cover and introduction looked cool but the text was the corniest thing ever ! cornier than any sitcom i 've ever seen !!! i mean it had unneccasary chapters and stupid magic , no offense chris i appreciate the effort . If you -LRB- reader -RRB- think it looks good read it
 Eragon is a total joke . I 'm like the only one I know who finished it . Most of my friends tossed theirs . Does any character do anything it makes sense on it ? Stupid . Stupid . Stupid . Stupid . Stupid . Stupid .
 Want original fantasy that is interesting , new , and fun to read ? Steer clear of this book . I suggest Terry Brooks ' original `` Sword of Shanarra '' series . It is not high fantasy but it 's better than this rip-off . Ech . I had to take a shower once I finally finished it . Boy am I glad I borrowed and did not buy this stinker !!
 this book is ok for younger kids i guess , but too much is just ripped of of Lord of the Rings to call it original . it basically is Lord of the Rings with majorly unnecessary descriptions and less characters , all of which are unoriginal and boring . Lord of the Rings is much better , and many fans of that great series will be insulted by this stupid book.here are some similarities with Lord of the Rings and Eragon that I found : Eragon
 One word best describes this book
 Eragon is a fluffy version of Lord of the Rings or the Wheel of Time . It should n't have been published.I recommend reading The Golden Compass by Philip Pullman instead of Eragon . It is much deeper and much more original .
 Every now and then , there 's a massively hyped book that catches the attention of media and readers alike , even spawning movie adaptations . Teen author Christopher Paolini 's `` Eragon '' is probably the most-publicized fantasy since the Harry Potter series . Is it as good as they say?In a word ... no . Paolini has raw , unrefined talent and an undeniable flair for writing , but he 's bogged down by every fantasy cliche in the book , and a style that desperately needs an editor 's guidance.Eragon is an impoverished lad living with his uncle in a secluded village , barely scraping by . That changes when he finds a strange blue stone in the woods . He tries to sell it , with no luck -- it 's harder than diamond , and no one knows what it is . Then it hatches -- into a baby dragon . When Eragon touches her , he accidently burns a scar into his hand and forms a mental bond that allows them to communicate without speaking.He raises the dragon in secret , naming her Sephira , until his farm is attacked and his uncle Garrow murdered by the evil minions of the ex-Dragonrider Galbatorix , who is now the evil king . Seeking revenge , Eragon gets the help of the old storyteller Brom , who is more than he seems . When the new Dragonrider -LRB- Eragon , of course -RRB- sets off with his new friends , he sets out to deal with Galbatorix ... Is `` Eragon '' an amazing fantasy ? No . Is it mind-numbingly awful ? Again , no . The handling of much-worn elements is clumsy , and though Paolini 's writing has a certain eagerness that makes his story somewhat appealing , it fails to cover up his inexperience . The storyline is one that has been done elsewhere ; it 's a fairly standard S&S ; quest-against-evil . Nobody could accuse Paolini of being too innovative . Young , clueless hero raised by an uncle , wise old magical man , ancient sword , dragons , wise and fair elves , grumpy dwarves ? Check , check , checkity check . . We 've seen these all before , in fantasies ranging from `` Lord of the Rings '' to `` Star Wars , '' and sadly Paolini is n't up to the task of adding any new spice.The saving grace is that Paolini does have some raw writing talent , sort of like unpanned gold . He has a knack for describing the landscape , right down to raging storms and burned out villages . Unfortunately , other parts are extremely awkward , and he has a tendency to get bogged down in insignificant details that do n't add anything except `` how to build a fire . `` Every now and then , there 's a massively hyped book that catches the attention of media and readers alike , even spawning movie adaptations . Teen author Christopher Paolini 's `` Eragon '' is probably the most-publicized fantasy since the Harry Potter series . Is it as good as they say?In a word ... no . Paolini has raw , unrefined talent and an undeniable flair for writing , but he 's bogged down by every fantasy cliche in the book , and a style that desperately needs an editor 's guidance.Eragon is an impoverished lad living with his uncle in a secluded village , barely scraping by . That changes when he finds a strange blue stone in the woods . He tries to sell it , with no luck -- it 's harder than diamond , and no one knows what it is . Then it hatches -- into a baby dragon . When Eragon touches her , he accidently burns a scar into his hand and forms a mental bond that allows them to communicate without speaking.He raises the dragon in secret , naming her Sephira , until his farm is attacked and his uncle Garrow murdered by the evil minions of the ex-Dragonrider Galbatorix , who is now the evil king . Seeking revenge , Eragon gets the help of the old storyteller Brom , who is more than he seems . When the new Dragonrider -LRB- Eragon , of course -RRB- sets off with his new friends , he sets out to deal with Galbatorix ... Is `` Eragon '' an amazing fantasy ? No . Is it mind-numbingly awful ? Again , no . The handling of much-worn elements is clumsy , and though Paolini 's writing has a certain eagerness that makes his story somewhat appealing , it fails to cover up his inexperience . The storyline is one that has been done elsewhere ; it 's a fairly standard S&S ; quest-against-evil . Nobody could accuse Paolini of being too innovative . Young , clueless hero raised by an uncle , wise old magical man , ancient sword , dragons , wise and fair elves , grumpy dwarves ? Check , check , checkity check . . We 've seen these all before , in fantasies ranging from `` Lord of the Rings '' to `` Star Wars , '' and sadly Paolini is n't up to the task of adding any new spice.The saving grace is that Paolini does have some raw writing talent , sort of like unpanned gold . He has a knack for describing the landscape , right down to raging storms and burned out villages . Unfortunately , other parts are extremely awkward , and he has a tendency to get bogged down in insignificant details that do n't add anything except `` how to build a fire . `` Eragon himself is a pretty typical fantasy hero , who gains instant sword skill and leadership abilities , despite being kind of a twerp . Nothing about him really stands out , no matter how much training he gets from Brom . The supporting characters all fit their archetypes , from Wise Old Wizard to Fair Elf Maid . The one interesting character is Saphira the Dragon , who has some promise as a character.Paolini has some raw talent and a pleasant writing style , which keep `` Eragon '' from being a total waste . Unfortunately , this raw talent needed some refining.Eragon himself is a pretty typical fantasy hero , who gains instant sword skill and leadership abilities , despite being kind of a twerp . Nothing about him really stands out , no matter how much training he gets from Brom . The supporting characters all fit their archetypes , from Wise Old Wizard to Fair Elf Maid . The one interesting character is Saphira the Dragon , who has some promise as a character.Paolini has some raw talent and a pleasant writing style , which keep `` Eragon '' from being a total waste . Unfortunately , this raw talent needed some refining .
 Having read an excerpt of this travesty I must say that , while having the patience to write a book at 17 is admirable , it does not mean that said book is worth publishing and this patently is n't . Painfully derivative and crammed with embarrasingly clumsy phraseology , I can only hope that Mr Paolini looks back on this in 30 years and thinks `` Dear god , I am the luckiest man on god 's green earth , that this rubbish sold so well . ''
 I bought this book based on the dust cover description . However , once I got into the book , I discovered it was a rip of many other books of the fantasy genre -- a sort of melding of a lot of other books . For example , comparing it to Robert Jordan 's Wheel of Time series , in Eregon Shades are the equivalent of Fades -LRB- even the names are similar -RRB- , the Forsworn are once powerful men who become corrupted in Eragon , just the same as the Forsaken in the Wheel of Time . And the similarities with other books do n't end there.The character development is weak . Eragon changes from a mild mannered boy into a moody independent teenager overnight and seemingly aquires skills without effort . His dragon hatches and is sarcastic in a couple short months . Brom plays hide the ball about his past and skills to a point where nobody in their right mind would trust him . In the end , the characters are so unbelievable as to be the main failing in the book.Finally , the story is very predictable with little suspense . It ambles along in a we did this , then did that narrative fashion . If you are a fantasy reader familiar with many of the other big authors , this book will be a let down , despite its intriguing basic story line.Despite all that , the writing is fine for a technical viewpoint . Places and things are well described and no more verbose than necessary to paint a picture . Thus , this book merits more than one star , but no more than two .
 After hearing that this book was going to be made into a big budget movie , I thought to myself , ` hey , it must be pretty good , ' and borrowed it . I kinda regret it now - this book is clich&eacute;d , poorly written , bland , wooden , and painful to read . -LRB- Sorry this is so harsh , but it really is ! -RRB- That aside , you have to congratulate Chris for having attempted to write an epic - he just should n't have published it . When you consider he was only 15 when he started this book , of course he 's going to lack the experience and maturity of authors such as Pullman , Rowling and Tolkien . If he had attempted to publish his work in maybe ten years or so I think there 's no doubt he 'd have done well . It 's thanks to a lucky coincidence that ... his parents own the publishing company !!! If Chris had no help from this fact , and sent his book somewhere else , I think there 's no doubt that it would not have been published . He 's definitely got the talent , but he 's not distinguished author material yet.I 'm 15 myself , and even I can pick out the bad dialogue and writing . I remember once in English class , we learnt of the ` Show , do n't Tell ' concept . I 'm afraid Chris tells an awful lot . If someone said ` The footy team punched the air at the end of the match , ' he 'd say ` The footy team won . ' Go through the book and almost every sentence tells , e.g. ` they trotted quietly around the town and entered it cautiously ' . It completely bores the readers thirst for words and leaves nothing for their imagination to create.The characters are n't exactly solid either . Try and describe the characteristics of Eragon . He 's ... what ? Brave ? Stubborn ? Weak ? To me , he has nothing that makes him a strong or bold , outrageously different character . He 's simply a 15 year old guy that does what everyone tells him . Every successful book I 've ever read has a main character that is strong in their ways . Take a look at His Dark Materials . Lyra is stubborn , fierce and proud . Ditto Harry Potter - he 's a rule breaker , he 's determined , and he 's pretty courageous too . How about his best bud Ron ? He can be a bit of a scaredy-cat , he 's a little clumsy , but he 's loveable all the same.Eragon shows way too much of the stereotypical . There 's Brom , the wise old guide , you know , the hobbling one with the wispy beard and walking stick , Arya , the beautiful but feisty maiden , King Galbatorix , the evil overlord . And immortal elves dwindling in number ? Dwarves that hide from the world in cavernous mountains ? Huge evil guys with primitive ways ? Mr Tolkien must be spinning in his grave !!! This is probably the harshest review of anything that I 've ever written , but I think gaining credit by stealing noticeably huge chunks from other authors is n't the most honest way to become one yourself.I feel kinda cruel writing this review , but I 'm glad that there 's other people who agree ! All the same , I 'll give Chris 2 stars - one for trying -LRB- I guess you should n't completely crucify his work considering he was 15 at the time of writing ! -RRB- , and one for the scrap of talent that will hopefully get bigger as he writes more books .
 The lack of originality dominates so much that it 's hard to review without dwelling on that point , but since other reviewers have pretty well covered it , I 'll just say I concur and try to move on.Beyond that , I was just looking for an accessible , decent fantasy book , and read this because a friend recommended the series . I must say I 'm disappointed . Even ignoring the rip-off factor , it was still disappointing . I do n't think the author played to the stregnth of the story very well . This is a Dragon book , right ? But for large portions of the book the dragon is little more than a pack animal that occasionally acts like a teenage girl , it just does n't seem to make sense . The dialogue between the dragon and the boy is almost painfully cheesy and really underwhelms . This is definitely more of a teen or pre-teen kind of fantasy.That 's not to say there are no positives . The Brom and Murdaugh characters are reasonably interesting , and managed to get me through it . After a tedious middle , it does pick up towards the end , but it 's kind of too little , too late . I will say that the author has at least left himself a strong enough base that if he decides to get away from the Star Wars plot he could do something decent with it . After all , he is young and could be expected to improve as he gets older.Anyway , I 'm not planning on reading part 2 , though my friend may talk me into it . I really hope it gets better .
 I wanted to like this book - I really did ! Despite being gifted with two hardcover copies , I put it off until listening to the audio version . Sorry - I ca n't make it past Disk 4 of 14 . All of the monochromatic storytelling in print sounds even worse , aggravated by Gerard Doyle 's ever-breathless , semi-falsetto voicing for Eragon . As an audio production , this work fails compared to the unabridged CDs of Rowling 's Harry Potter series or Pullman 's His Dark Materials .
 Sure , it 's good for a 17-year-old , but that does n't make it good literature . I think I 've seen fan fiction better than this.So many elements of the plot , locations , even names are almost shamelessly derived from other works of fantasy , such as ` The Lord of the Rings ' and ` Star Wars ' . I read this in 6th grade and , of course , loved it . Now I 've gone back , re-read it , and it 's almost painful , how so much of this over praised purple brick is clearly written by a kid . It 's good for a 17-year-old , sure , but to me , that does n't save it from being mediocre.Nonetheless , if he keeps this up , Paolini shows great promise at an older age . But for now , I 'd much rather read Philip Pullman 's ` His Dark Materials ' , or anything by Tolkein , instead this overrated purple brick of a fantasy novel . Kids will probably love it , but anyone older will probably be able to see through it .
 This book is , unfortunately , all too derivative of some much better fantasies
 I enjoyed the book as a good lite read . When I got to the end , I realized that all the major plot elements were stolen from Star Wars . I hated the book from that point on . Paolini tends to randomly use obscure and superfluous words . Not a good technique .
 I do n't mean to insult the fans of Eragon , but I ca n't see why other teenagers find this book so amazing . After reading the first page , one can guess immediately that it was not written by an adult . Some may argue that it 's very good for the writing of a teenager , but I must disagree . Every idea is a cliche . Every creature is noticeably familiar . Every event is predictable . The character development , though present , seemed very forced , as did most other aspects of the novel . I quickly became weary of the overdone descriptions and awkward dialogue and phrases . The standard elementary school rules of `` show , do n't tell '' are violated all too often . Worst of all , Mr. Paolini did n't make me `` care '' about the characters , so the plot itself was worthless to me . Even as an avid reader , I honestly had to push myself to finish reading this . I advise you to save yourself the time and boredom -- do n't bother reading this book .
 To be honest , criticisms of this book have already been voiced a hundred times before , and better than I could say . Derivative , unashamedly cliched and dull ... sadly , it 's all true . But one thing that keeps popping is the author 's age . The fact is that blaming the poor quality of the writing on his youth is a bit of a cop out . If you can write well , you can write well no matter how old you are . Sure , you improve as you go along , but a novice writer who starts at the age of 30 can be just as bad as a novice who starts at 13 . Do n't give this kid the excuse ; talent shows at any age , and he has very little .
 A friend gave this book to me with the advice that it was the best book she had ever read . With that in mind , I began reading yesterday.I doubt I will be able to finish it , though I have given it the great attempt.The plot is derivative , the characters have major mood swings and little continuity of characterization . The emotions are over the top - screaming because of minor slights , then back to normal within the same paragraph . The overuse of adjectives and descriptive tags is annoying.Sigh.Yes , it 's impressive that a teenager wrote a large tome . It should n't have been published without major editing . I suppose the plot can be overlooked as there are worse ones out there but the writing itself , while technically and gramattically correct is ponderous and frankly boring.Reading should not be a chore .
 While kids might like this story , the writing is shabby at best and really lacks any kind of skill with the language . Do n't expect any material that Anne McCaffery and a thousand others have n't already slaughtered into meaninglessness .
 This is both a review , and a response to a kid 's review written on September 12th , arguing that `` most of the people who read this book are children . '' That is not true . Yes , it is a young adult book , and yes , many young adults enjoy it . But there are many who do not . The most important thing to consider when deciding whether or not to buy this book is what everyone says , adults and kids . Listen especially to the kids who do n't like it , and listen to why they do n't . So many echo the same complaints that adults do
 To Make an Eragon : Get a can of Lord of the Rings and pour it in a big pot.Add a couple of handfuls of Star Wars , a dash of Earthsea , and a pinch of Harry PotterStir together until not very well mixed.Dump in a large bag of obscure adjectives.Pour in a carton of monotony and useless descriptionMix until mixture resembles throwupPour into pan and bake until charcoal and smellyDecorate nicelyAsk your parents to market itGo on a giant sales tour , bragging about age and TolkienismPromise a thrilling trilogyWatch people devour your cake but run away before you see them throw up - then ignore any and all advice that might help you to make a better recipe and continue stirring up the same unedible slop.Copyright Christopher Paolini -LRB- even though his material infringed about a million of those circled c 's -RRB-
 I 've never read Lord of the Rings -LRB- or much high fantasy , really -RRB- or seen Star Wars and even I could tell this was a bad book . Eragon is a hard character to like , not because he is n't likeable , but because he is n't anything . He 's very reactive.A ` stone ' scares away his dinner so he keeps it . It hatches into a dragon so he keeps that , too . Brom tells him to leave after Ra ` zac destroy his farm and he leaves . Arya tells him to get her the antidote for her poison and he does . The only thing Eragon does to advance the plot is go with single-minded determination to rescue Arya and , though noble , that would have killed him off if not for Murtagh.As for Arya , well , I 'm not going to disagree with all the people who say she has no personality . She does n't show up until the last part of the book and does n't really say anything when she does show up . Eragon saves her and after that it 'd be easy to forget about her if Eragon did n't keep musing on her beauty every five seconds . Arya is reserved , beautiful , and a good fighter . That 's it . There 's no depth here . There 's no anything.Oh , wait . She wears leather ! Explain that one to me , Paolini , because I thought elves did n't kill animals unnecessarily . Did she stumble across a half-dead cow and decide to put it out of its misery ? Sorry , that 's book two . Back to book one.Eragon 's constant drooling over Arya did nothing but annoy me and the less she did , the more annoyed I became . To be honest , I 'm hoping Paolini will stop using Eragon as a means to fulfill his wish of shaking up with a leather-wearing elf and pair Eragon off with Nasuada instead . Her role greatly expands in Book Two to the point where I think she 'd make a very worthy partner for Eragon . And , after all , we do n't know who her mother is so she could very well be royal ... To sum it all up , Eragon was a bad book that I only plowed through because I had nothing else to read anyway . There 's a nice , three-page summary of Eragon in the beginning of Eldest so I suggest you skip Eragon entirely and just start from Eldest . At least Eldest made it seem like Paolini put some actual effort into his writing .
 This book is really lame . Boring , obvious , predictable , superficial , weak . Do n't waste your time and money on this book , as I sadly did.I 'm not a `` fantasy veteran '' , but you do n't need to be one to notice this book is the work of an amateur . Shame on the publisher for killing trees to print it.If you are considering reading this book , go and re-read Tolkien.To Christopher Paolini , you should read Tolkien too , so you can see how far you are from writing a good book .
 If you read in order to better yourself , do n't waste your time . The only ones who like this garble seem to be
 I was amazed that such a young man could write so well . Then the story itself is thoughful and exciting for the younger generation . I enjoyed it just as I enjoy all the Harry Potter books . They are good reading . But to also learn his parents helped him publish it and sell it , is remarkable . Not too many parents like that any more . We could use a whole lot more for examples and we would then have more productive young people .
 Ok when I came here , I was expecting a bad review and a very low rating since this book was the worst ever !! The character and the plot reminded me so much of the famous trilogy Lord of the Rings ! It 's resemblance was too much for me to bare , I wanted to scream . Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !! -LRB- Ok that help -RRB- If it was n't for the it being my book report for english class , I would of thrown it into a fire and sprinkle paper for fuel . Yet I must admit , my book report did get a 100 % even though I was making my class crack up with my opinions and the honesty of my hate towards it . Even though all my classmates wrote a `` I love this book so much blah blah '' lies to sway the teacher into giving them at least a passing grade , I lashed out with my fiery of ever having such a sad book being published.For one , the character 's resemblance to lord of the Rings ; -LRB- excuse my spelling , I 've never been good with names -RRB- Brom-Grandalf , an old wizard that is known in the town of Eragon/Frodo and tells storie , then he goes out of his way and help the little hero . The Urgals-Urikis , smelly , stupid , and far out too gross to look at . Snowfire-shadowfax , a pure white , speedy , and loyal horses to the wizard . Murtagh-Aragon -LRB- wow a double whammy -RRB- a mysterious man that shows up with rich weapons ... turns out to be of noble blood . There 's lots more yet I ca n't remember for I 've lost my report somewhere in my junk mass called my `` bedroom '' -LRB- I 've lost the bed to the room to the mass -RRB- * tear * . Now the plot , it was OLD !! Boy has somebody he loves indangered or dead and wants to advenge him/her , goes on a quest , gets some side-kicks , goes against the `` most evil thing on earth '' and wins , blah blah ... you should now know the ending !! Yep , its all foredained !! So where does the women play a part in this ? NONE ... well the elf but yeah a pair of chapters to herself , YAY let 's pop out the wine and ale to celebrate ! What 's wrong with having at least a few more women that helps out Eragon through his all so difficult quest ? T_TAs you can see I 'm not the old-fashion girl that likes the same old plots and stories ... they bore the heck out of me for suspense and thills send me reading for more not the dull plot I got out of an exciting looking cover . Guess I 've spent some dollars on a useless book when I could of brought some more Mangas ... > _ < The suspense was ZERO for I usually get done with books in about a week at the most but this one took me the three months to finish !! I was always reluctant on picking it up to read while I could read others on my book shelf like Sunshine , Dragon Pit Trilogy , Dragonology , Demon Diary , X/1999 , A deadly Game of Magic , and etc. at hand . For this author is nothing like and Amelia Atwater-Rhodes Teen Award Author , he has a good idea but his way of telling it makes me want to THROW-UP !!
 From reading the bestseller list on Amazon , one can come up with a number of conclusions
 i could n't finish this book . it was too predictable , which made it very boring . i do n't like to read books that remind me of other books . this is one . save your money , it 's not a good book . nice cover though .
 Though I suppose that Mr Paolini is quite well off for the moment , somebody should get him down to earth and get him to know that things like that are no feat and that his readers -LRB- unless they do earnestly think that this bunk is `` innovative '' -RRB- are bored to the bones .
 I 'm a big fantasy fan and this book was a huge disappointment . It 's hard to say which is worse
 This book has no originality . I mean , it 's about a kid with dragons . Oooooo . Am I supposed to be impressed.Not to mention :1 . The writing is bad .2 . The story is predictable .3 . Eragon is a stupid name , derivative of Aragorn.You ask me , the best dragons book out there right now is Dragons
 This book is completely unoriginal ! I am sorry to say but there are just to many similarities between this and Lord of the Rings . He also takes ideas from a number of other books . I suggest to other readers to save their money and pass this one by . If your bored just reread Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings .
 i read half this book and not one thing in it was even the least bit surprising , except for how poorly written it was . every single thing that happened has been done before . i stopped reading it and was really annoyed that my parents gave it to me for christmas . i wish they 'd given me a better book . waste of time .
 This is the fantastical production of an egotistical kid with no social skills . I only finished this book cover to cover so I could tell people how shockingly horrible it was.Writing style is a random combination of narrative and dialogue , there is no continuity , storyline is entirely contrived and copycatted , none of the characters are lovable , descriptions are randomly too much or too little , nothing is believable . Learning to use a sword in 3 days ? How bout a new language ! No problem . Important things that should take weeks and months are explained in one sentence , while breaking a limb in a stupid moment takes 3 pages.All of the cliches are here . The storyline has been repeated enough we do n't need another book about some destined kid to save the world with his pet dragon and wise mentor who spells out everything . Let 's not forget the bad guy too , who should get his own review.Don ' t waste your time .
 I read it thinking it was fabulous since it was so popular . It was horrid !! It 's obvious it was written by someone who does n't know how to write properly . There was times where I swear he stole from Tolkien . I had to force myself to finish it . I found myself not caring the slightest when Brom died . I would n't of cared if Eragon died . I thought the elf girl was annoying . I liked the character of the dragon but that was it .
 I 've nothing against fanfiction , and I 've nothing against Star Wars , LOTR saga , the Dragonflight series , etc. I believe it is a-ok to take INFLUENCE from your favorite authors and stories.Influence , however , does not mean you take your favorite stories , chop them up , change the names of the main characters , and call it your own idea . That 's fanfiction.Sure , the kid is only 17 years old , but that 's no excuse for not having an original idea . Has anyone ever read the Outsiders ? That was written by an 18 or 19 year old girl and had FAR more character development and more overall FEELING to the book than this did . Age is no excuse , I 'm sorry.No offense intended , but the kid needs to wean himself off the fanboi-hood of his favorite sci-fi and fantasy , sit down and think about his own ideas , take a few writing classes or practice , and then try again .
 Every fantasy has its similarities to and is inspired one way or another by other fantasies . I have never held this fact against against them . That is , until I read Eragon . It was n't that he borrowed elements from nearly every fantasy ever made . It was simply that he added nothing of his own.No matter how much other fantasies may borrow , take and copy , there is almost always that mark of originality that makes the book their own . In The Wheel of Time , Jordon may have been inspired by Tolkien is many ways , but you do n't notice the similarities unless you 're looking for it . Also , the original system of magic , the lack of elves and dwarves for a change and the introduction of Ogiers is quite original . Anne McCaffery , RR Martin , JK Rowling , all have similar elements and were all inspired by one thing or the other , but they were INSPIRED . They did n't just take a lot of things other people wrote and put it together.Eragon is about yet another boy who lives in a little village in the middle of nowhere and has no idea he will become a hero who will save the world one day . He finds a dragon egg and not much later has to leave his idyllic country life with yet another wise old magician guy and set off towards world salvation.One of the few interesting things about the book is that the badguy is actually insane , not evil and he befriends the son of a badguy . Personally , that one should have been the hero ; it would have been quite original and his character is much more interesting than Eragon 's . The writing is pretty , certainly , but the content is hardly satisfying . For a newcomer to the fantasy genre , Eragon is certainly appealing . Its also great place for young teens to start off . However , if you 're hoping its in the league of Harry Potter , with little kids having online arguments and websites dedicated to theories and discussions , forget it . There 's really nothing in it to discuss . The prophecy gives away the entire plot and I already know who the love interest is . The elves and dwarves were sterotypical and bland . This is a teen book , written by teens for teens , preferably young ones.On a personal note , I really dislike the ending . Eragon is scarred by a sword on his back . Even though he can still walk and fight and is really not disfigured in any way , suddenly he see himself as a cripple . That disappointed me to no end in his character . I prefer the the philosophy , ` he who limps is still walking ' , so a kid who freaks out over a mark on his back holds little appeal for me.Its contrived , copied and overall nothing special . But it certainly is not bad . For a black and white world and nothing thought-provoking , its a decent escape .
 This book was so boring that I could n't even get past the third chapter . Like many people before me , I was drawn in by the cover art , but the book itself is n't worth reading . I could n't connect with the hero of the story at all , and ... well , I could n't really connect with any of the characters . I do n't want to sound rude , but the author himself seems a bit egocentric ... If he wants to create the next ` big ' fantasy series , then he could at least come up with some original ideas . A story 's charm lies in its content , not in however old the author was when he wrote the thing . Paolini may use his age as a selling tool , but I know of 13-year-old authors who have written better books than this .
 Paolini was fifteen years old when he began writing this book . This shows . The writing style is immature , and the tone is inconsistant . At one point , he will speak in almost medieval syntax , in the tone of a story of knights and dragons , and in the next , in the tone of a fifteen year old boy speaking with his friends . In addition , the main character bears a remarkable to the author , and the novel frequently refers to how close he is to ` manhood ' . His references to women are frequently demeaning . This is a teenage boy 's published daydreams of heroism and beautiful women indebted to him , because he will never achieve what he writes . It is not epic or grand or even uniqe . This novel would be a waste of your earnings .
 I really ca n't say much that others have not already covered completely already.I can see why people want to give all these 5 star reviews . They really have run across what could be a good story . Any avid fantasy reader can definitely see what authors `` influenced '' this one . The problem is , this author has basically pick-pocketed this good story from other 's ideas , names and even plots . Then mix them up , rename -LRB- barely -RRB- , piece them all back together and actually sell them here as an `` original '' work . Sorry but this just does n't cut it for me.Sure , I imagine at such a young age it probably is harder to come up with fresh ideas based on your life experiences . If he did that he would deserve all this 5 stars and praise . I think we have all heard the saying `` IMITATION is a form of flattery '' but I do n't think this is what they meant.I guess the idea was the target audience of this book most likely have not read a lot of the victim 's works yet so it is easy to hide from them . I think I would have tried a little bit harder though . Just reading this book makes me feel dirty . I have this desire to keep checking the cover to see if it will peel back and reveal what certainly seems to be a really bad `` tribute '' to the other author 's stories , without giving the credit.Like many others I suggest reading the original works -LRB- Tolkien , McCaffrey , etc -RRB- instead of buying and supporting this type of publication .
 When I first heard of the book Eragon , it seemed full of promise . A fantasy book involving dragons , elves , dwarves , and magic ? And what 's more , it 's been written by a child prodigy ? Sign me up!Upon getting a copy of the book and opening it up , the first thing which struck me was the writing style . Normally , I have no problem getting into a book , but Eragon felt choppy to me . The writing did n't seem to flow very well , and made the book difficult to read . `` Well , he was only 15 when he began writing it , '' I thought . `` Surely the writing style will get better as the story goes on ! '' True enough , it did get better , but not much.The second thing which struck me was a sense of `` Have n't I seen this before ? '' Whenever he introduced something , I got a feeling that I had seen it somewhere before . When he introduced the telepathic dragon Saphira , all I could think of was `` When are they going to begin fighting Thread like the rest of the Dragonriders of Pern ? '' When the magic was introduced , I began looking for a character called Sparrowhawk . The elves and dwarves seemed to me as though they had been lifted straight from Middle-Earth , as did many of the names . When the Ra ` zac appeared , I stifled a yawn and considered them a simple variation on the Nazgul , just as the urgals were orcs with horns . Durza the shade ? Particularly during the final battle , I was reminded strongly of the shades from the Wheel of Time series . `` Well , '' I thought , `` Perhaps this book is more ` derivative ' than is proper . It still might not be too bad . What of the plot itself ? What of the characters ? `` At best , the plot was ` traditional , ' as far as fantasy books go . At worst , it was cliched , overused , dull , and predictable . There were no really surprising plot twists , and nothing really seemed to be new and exciting . The characters were little better , each taking their expected role and never deviating from it , or showing much of a personality . Murtagh was an exception , as he actually did have a personality , and I could get something of an idea of what made him tick . Brom was almost an exception , although that has less to do with personality and more to do with the fact that , as a general rule , old mentors are almost always enjoyable to read about.To sum up , I could have forgiven Paolini and almost enjoyed Eragon if either the prose had flowed in an enjoyable fashion , or if the characters , setting , and plot were original . As neither ended up being true , Eragon became a chore to read , made all the more disappointing by all the hype which proclaimed it a masterpiece . I have trouble considering it to be a good book . What matters is not how good this book is compared to those written by 17-year olds , what matters is how good this book is period . A worthy first try , perhaps , but not something which belongs in print , not something which belongs on the best-seller 's list , and certainly not something which is `` a lyrical beauty somewhere between Tolkien at his best and Seamus Heaney 's translation of Beowulf , '' as Paolini claimed to have striven for .
 I do n't doubt that there are readers out there who like this book . But let 's be real
 First of all I 'd like to congratulate Mr. Paolini on publishing a book at the age of 19 . That is an incredible feat , which would be more remarkable if the ideas portrayed in the story had n't already been used . Sure the captivating story of a young boy who is lost in the world and is just trying to figure out his place is interesting , but the interest tends to fade about the one-thousandth time you read it . The other flaw that I found in the book was the familiar characters from J.R.R. Tolkein 's Lord of the Rings Trilogy-The elf with mysterious powers-the dwarves that tunnel underground-The monstrous creation of a seemingly unbeatable army and the familiarity of names such as , Arya and Arwen , Eragon and Aragorn , Urgals and Orcs . I also observed a dash of Harry Potter magic between the pages . I hold a love for Fantasy novels , but just because it is catagorized as a fantasy does n't mean it has to include elves dwarves , magic , and dragons - I think the tires on that wagon are running thin -LRB- the extreme length of the story did n't help either -RRB- . I look for a fantasy novel that invents new ideas and new creatures for the mind to explore , that it why I rated this book as a TWO . I also like a novel that can keep my attention for the entirety which Eragon also lacked to do . So I would only reccomend this book to someone who really enjoys the same old thing , all you other adventurers look for your entertainment elsewhere .
 Those of us who did n't like Eragon are in quite a bind . We have a choice between flaming the book or constructively criticizing it -LRB- because we did n't like it -RRB- . If we were to say `` This book $ UX !! Minus a million stars ! '' , we would get the disdain that every flamer deserves . But if we provide well thought out criticism , the Eragon fanatics call us arrogant elitists -LRB- yes , I 'm looking at you Johnathan D Ruark -RRB- . You 5-star reviewers should get it through your heads that 1-star reviewers are entitled to their opinions , just like you . And if our reviews seem too advanced for you , then I would recommend the Berenstein Bears . That 's a great literary series for someone at your level .
 The only thing that grabs any attention to the `` Inheritance '' series is that Paolini is only 17 . If the exact same book was written by a 40-year-old , the book would have sold about 50 copies . The book is completely a ripoff of good sci-fi stories and the plot makes no sense . No sense whatsoever . Do us all a favor and buy a Get Fuzzy comic book . PEACE OUT!LOCAL CRAZY MONKEY
 UGH ! i totally wasted my money on this piece of crap ! it was sloppy , boring , and HUGELY unnessecary . the world was way better off without it.The worst part was the characters though . they were basically copied from Tolkien , and they were just totally BLANK . i mean , they really did n't have any emotions except to feel sorry for themselves , and to get really angry at everyone else.the main character was pathetic . he is constantly crying , fainting , and getting mad at everyone.Paolini described pratically EVERYTHING ! it was hugely annoying and i found myself skipping half the pages . also , it was a bit stereotypical . no important female characters appear until more than half the book is over!lots of other kids really like this book , and that 's probably because they have n't read any REAL fantasy books , like Lord of the Rings . Eragon may seem good , but when compared to LOTR , it 's nothing.I personally think that Harry Potter is the greatest . at least J.K. Rowling has originality , great writing skills , and does n't try to make a big deal about her books .
 i agree with the other reviewer who did n't like the female characters . sorry , but i want more out of life thn to be beautiful and be rescued . this book is lame , and most of it is a rip-off anyway from other authors . some reviewers say i should like it because i 'm a teenager but i do n't .
 I suffered through this book because I remembered that my friend liked it . When I saw him afterwards and asked him what he had liked about this book ... he said `` OH - I never liked that book - it was horrible '' . I 've wasted part of my life reading this book ... I 'm not going t spend much more time on this review . Miserable read . The other reviewer 's sum it up nicely .
 Ok . I will start by saying the obvious . He wrote this first part of the `` Inheritance '' trilogy when he was seventeen . Not bad , for a first time published author , but it had no right to be published . Many unknown authors are much better than this one.Ok , the story is basically this
 Awful does n't begin to cover it . An avid reader , I 've read 80 books already this year . I 've been a fantasy reader for 40 years , and I 've read almost every fantasy book ever written . I ca n't believe I was suckered into buying this by the glowing reviews . Originally this was self-published , and there 's a reason for it . `` Eragon '' is the worst book ever written , even if you count `` Eldest '' which brings fantasy to a new low . This book is filled with awkword phrases , bad dialogue , and muddled plots . Why in the world anyone would write a review of this book I do n't know . It 's really that bad .
 First off , I would give this book zero stars if possible . But , as I can only give it one , I guess I 'll tell you why.First off , the plot line is ripped out from a number of books , with similarities to Dragon Riders of Pern , Lord of the Rings , and a number more.Second , his discribing skills are ... Lacking . All of his chapters -LRB- Except for the first three , he redid those ones -RRB- had set ups similar to this
 ... Because Eragon is bad enough when you judge it alone.Eragon is your basic fantasy story , the archtypical hero tale that Paolini says on his website that he set out to write . It 's a pure , dyed-in-the-wool hero tale , so Paolini gets a point.But that 's all he gets.So , Eragon is about a poor boy with foggy origins who finds a magical thing and who is forced to flee when agents of the dark ruler of the land kill his family . He goes off with a mysterious old man who knows far more than he tells , and the boy learns that he is the last of a now-gone group of great warriors who once protected the land from evil . The old man trains him in the ways of that group as they journey through the land , encountering enemies , rescuing a damsel , and joining up with rebels who oppose the evil king . Along the way , the old man dies . There is , of course , a big battle , and a great enemy is defeated.I 'll admit , I like these stories . But I like these stories to have something extra , something to make them interesting and original . With Eragon , it was just the story , and plotted so tightly that everything happened exactly when and how it was supposed to happen , so any surprise or interest vanished . The Ra ` zac appeared precisely on time . Eragon escaped at the right moment . Brom showed up at the right time because Eragon asked the right questions and made the right mistakes . They went to all the right places , met all the right people , learned all the right things . Brom died and the precise moment , perfect timing , and Murtagh appeared right on schedule , and they were lucky enough to save the damsel in the nick of time , and they had the perfect race against time to the Varden with the right people chasing them , and they made it to the Varden on time , and the final battle was just on time . And throughout the story , Eragon falls unconscious or gets trapped at the most convenient moments so other people may save the day and solve his problems . The End.Perfect . That 's it . It 's all wonderful timing , and there is no surprise , no wonder , nothing wrong . It 's all too perfect . And because of all that , it 's boring.As for the characters , they all fit so nicely into their own roles that there 's no room to make them interesting . Eragon is good and noble and heroic . Brom is old and experienced and tough for an old man . Saphira is wise , so wise one wonders why dragons even need riders . You have a tough rogue , a lovely heroine , a witch and her mysterious familiar . A mad , evil warlord with Darth Vader syndrome when backstory is concerned . Et cetera.I have n't even started on Paolini 's vocabulary , which gets worse in Eldest . I have a fair vocabulary too , but I also understand that sometimes , most times , simple vocabulary is far more affective . Paolini should read the few pages Stephen King devoted to vocabulary in his book `` On Writing . '' In it , King tells us that `` Bob stopped long enough to take a -LSB- crap -RSB- '' , though vulgar and crude , is much better than `` Bon stopped long enough to perform an act of excretion . `` Unfortunately , I suspect that Paolini would use the latter example in his writing , and he does so , multiple times , throughout both books.I could go on , and on , and on , but I feel I 've wasted enough time . Those who hated the book will agree , those who loved the book will send flames my way , and Christopher Paolini will still write poorly-written novels .
 Spoilers ahead.Along with the general immaturity in treatment of a wonderful genre of fantasy , that of ye olde boy bonds with amazing creature , and the rather uninspiring choice of the formulaic `` Lose family , find amazing mentor who dies , become uber - `` 1337 '' -LRB- the main character simply has TOO much wonderful power to be fair -RRB- , ride around killing people , find evil relatives in places of power , kill said evil relatives '' plot , this book shows us what fantasy lovers have said is true
 I think the author should have invested more time in creative writing and life experience before writing this book -LRB- jacket indicates he was 15 when he started the novel -RRB- . For me , it came down to this , there was no passion , no emotion , no complexity and character development . It read like a `` What I did on my summer vacation '' essay . I read it for book club , and only finished it for the ammunition to debate with the other members . Pass on this for more celebrated novels .
 Having just finished reading Eragon I thought I needed to write a more objective review than the , I 'm sure , glowing reports , already on Amazon . Only to find , Lo ! The previous review says exactly what I wanted to say . Had this been written by anyone but a 17 year old , it would not receive the volumes of praise being heaped upon it . As a 20 year veteran of the high school English classroom , this is exactly the sort of over-the-top , rehash-every-trope-I 've - ever read sort of fiction I 'd expect my creative writing students to turn out . As Paolin matures and develops the confidence to travel into less well-known , more imaginative , territory , I 'm sure he 'll turn out some interesting fantasy . As it is , anyone who has read the fantasy canon will experience deja vu repeatedly as they make their way through this novel . One can argue that most fantasy is derivative -- Tolkien borrowed from the various world mythologies , for example -- but the very best fantasy carries a depth of tone and meaning simply missing here . Paolin has taken all the fantasy motifs and plot elements -LRB- the quest , the sword , the wise elder with a secret past , the dragon/rider bond -LRB- stolen from McCaffrey in such a blatant way I 'm surprised she ca n't sue ! -RRB- , etc and simply strung them together with no consideration for the more archetypal meaning . And the writing style is that of the above-mentioned precocious teenager , with its purple prose and loaded adjectives
 This book is just not very original . In fact , after reading it , I got so hungry for the dragons of Pern that I am rereading that whole series -LRB- and all the offshoots -RRB- . Do n't bother with Eragon . Read Anne McCaffrey 's Dragons of Pern series and Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings instead ; both of these series are far , far more intriguing and imaginative .
 Now I , like everyone else who has read this book has heard about the age factor , -LRB- only fifteen when he started -RRB- , and I have also heard the `` Tolkien-who . '' That is simply ridiculous . I have read numerous fantasy novels but this one just seems like a genaric version of the same old thing . The most distracting part of this story is the fact that he stole a lot of Tolkien 's work which really does borderline plagerism.The storyline is solid but at the same time it is simply to safe . All the great authors expand on great ideas and build new worlds , but Paolini simply sticks to the severely beaten fantasy path . A boy who starts off poor , travels with a mysterious mentor , frees a beautiful woman , and then follows his destiny . How many times must I see this!Another thing is the character development . This is by far some of the worst character development I have ever seen . He starts off as a snobby sarcastic boy and he ends a sarcastic and snobby boy . Saphira who is supposed to be this awe inspiring dragon is nothing but an oversized Eragon . I do realize she has spent her whole life with only humans , but nonetheless there seems to very little of her own species within her . Brom , -LRB- whos mysterious past is about as mysterious as a toaster -RRB- , basically seems like Gandalf 's long lost step-brother , who was n't loved as a boy while Gandalf got all the attention.The creatures are all generic . The Dwarves are exactly as you would expect and the elves are the same way . The whole world seems like a rip-off of Middle Earth . You do n't need to be Galadriel to see what was going to happen throughout the book . While reading it you can almost sense what the next line is going to be.On a better note , despite not meeting my expectations at all , it still is a great start for a young author like Christopher Paolini . I hope Eragon was a learning experience and I expect Eldest to be much better . I wish I could give this book a good review but in good conscience I ca n't . Tolkien and CS Lewis are probably turning in their graves at this Eragon Pandamonium .
 I shall be mercifully brief , as this book was not.Eragon is a slapdash mixture of common fantasy precepts , a derivative jumble of heroes and villains and enchanted blades . There is nothing original , nothing singular to be derived from this text - only the tired repetition of the heroic quest , the plodding advancement of a well-tread plotline old as the concept of the cliche . Tolkienic influence is in abundance , most profoundly in the description of the various races . You have your elves , your dwarves , your humans . And oh , did I mention that the elves are a slender , graceful people in possession of extensive lifespans ? Oh , and that the dwarves are a gruff assemblage of bearded miners with axe fixations ? Ug.Why is this book receiving such a slew of unjust accolades ? I can only assume that the author 's relative youth has piqued the interest of a fantasy-starved public . If you want true fantasy , read some Tolkien , or LeGuin , or at the very least a little Rowling . This is nothing more than a trash paperback done up with a pretty cover .
 This book is all about impossibilities . Many events in it , though it is a fantasy , are simple ridiculous and unbelievable.Case 1
 This book is very well written , and very interesting , until you discover one thing
 While it 's fine that it was written by a kid , the writing is painfully bad . If you want to read good writing rather than a gimmick , try another book .
 Eragon is , somewhat , a novel that secretly combines a lot of different authors ' work . For example
 This book is just bad . If you are an eleven year old kid who 's never experienced what true fantasy literature has to offer , I highly recommend it . You 've got to start at the bottom after all ;--RRB- Reading this will make discovering the true masters of the genre that much more delightful.My suggestion -- do n't waste money on the hardcover if you bother to pick it up at all .
 This entire ballyhoo reminds me of a situation I was in during middle school . There was a classmate of mine -LRB- a rather antisocial fellow -RRB- who , whenever given a writing assignment , would litter his essay , story , or whatever it was with an exorbitant amount of ridiculously difficult words -LRB- I tend to think that maybe he made them up -RRB- . While the plots of his stories and the main points of his essays were asinine , he was regarded , in this wonderfully lucid seventh grade classroom , as a literary genius . Meanwhile , I realized full well that he sucked and that no one in the class even knew what the hell he was talking about . -LRB- And yet , I was accused of being the one who `` did n't get it '' . -RRB- Similarly , Christopher Paolini tries to distract the reader from his silly and manufactured plot by getting caught up with an annoying amount of description and big words . He fails in his attempt , however , as it only reveals his amateurishness . Furthermore , I hope that you notice each positive editoral review mentions his young age . Hm ... sounds like a mercy review to me . Also , as in the story I mentioned above , ignorant young children are hailing Paolini as the greatest literary master of his time -LRB- usually by stating the words , `` THIS B00K ROX !!! '' -RRB- . What they fail to realize , however , is what actually makes a literary genius . And Christopher Paolini , I 'm afraid , is not one .
 I was looking forward to ERAGON , after hearing good reviews about it here and there . What a disappointment . It just goes to show that you need more than the stereotypical ` hero quest ' parts to make a good story . This story is so obviously borrowed from the works of other writers -LRB- and movie-makers -RRB- before it ; the author could not even come up with new creatures - instead falling back on dragons and elves . * Yawn * Frankly , I was not impressed with the writing , either . If I have to read a sentence three times before it makes sense , forget it . I could n't even finish .
 The biggest problem in this book -LRB- though not the only one -RRB- are the characters . Except for Angela , there is nothing special or different about any of the characters ' personalities .
 Fantasy is a difficult genre to work with because , at this point , nothing can really be spectacularly original anymore . However , fantasy writers can still be successful is they are skilled in either prose or storytelling . And there lies the problem with this book.I was not impressed with the book . As other reviewers have said , the book is so reminiscent of Star Wars and LOTR in certain places that it just makes me want to cringe . The book does not flow well , the descriptions are way to in depth in places -LRB- really , the book is not 500 + pages long ... had it been properly edited it would half been about 250 pages long -RRB- , and the whole writing style is somewhat choppy and unnatural . What I mean is , its as if this book was written by 100 % effort and 0 % natural talent , like an advanced computer scanned Star Wars books , LOTR books , and other fantasy works and then puked out Eragon , mixing story elements of the above mentioned an changing names here and there . I get the feeling that a robot wrote it because it is so unoriginal . Paolini , please , next time , do n't write so mechanically , just let it flow . If you have true , natural talent , it should manifest itself NATURALLY!Don ' t get me wrong , I give two stars because I still respect Paolini for writing so young and trying so hard to become a known author . I think that its very like that , later on , Paolini will produce some solid work . But this is lame . You can tell it was written by a 15-year old . The characters are unnattractive and two-dimensional , and the author apparently has some strange aversion to the word `` said '' . The ending to the book is so predictable that you 're hitting yourself on the head with the book in the last pages , shouting , `` Why ? Why ? `` I think that this author should have started out working for a video game company writing storylines for RPGs . Its ok for RPGs to have hackneyed plots and storylines . Eragon would have made for a fun video game ! But a book ... sorry ...
 I bought this book after hearing all the buzz about it . Being a huge fantasy fan , I was really excited to read it . Imagine my surpirise when I realized how much this author had ripped off some of my favorite fantasy authors including J.R.R. Tolkien , and Ursula Le Guin . He had borrowed so much material that I am surprised he was not sued for copyright infringement . The book was extremey slow moving with just a few interesting moments . I would not recommend this book . Instead I would recommend Harry Potter , Chronicles of Narnia , Hobbit , Lord of the Rings , Wizard of Earthsea .
 I 'm a little less than halfway through this audiobook and am finding it difficult to finish . The narrator has the potential for doing a good job , but his more `` creative '' voices are practically intolerable , namely the voice for Saphira and also the werecat.As far as the story goes , all I 'm getting is a complete ripoff of Tolkein -LRB- elves sailing to the new land from somewhere else , dwarves , Urgals = Orcs -RRB- , Anne McCaffrey , and Star Wars -LRB- if Brom is n't Ben Kenobi , then I 'm a frog -RRB- . There 's practically no suspense or pull through the story , and - instead of REVEALING things - we 're already given too much . A character should n't say , `` Yeah , I 'm not who I say I am , but I 'm not going to TELL you my true identity right now , '' you 're supposed to lead us to believe a character is who they are , and dramatically reveal their true identity.Frankly , I 'm extremely bored and it does n't matter that he was 17 . You can tell . I was writing stories over a hundred pages in middle school , but I 'm aware they were exercises ; not proper for publishing . Most people are too young at that age to have fully experienced the ideas and emotions they 're trying to write about . Imagination can only take you so far , and then you end up emulating the authors you love and it 's OBVIOUS.Anyway , I might have enjoyed this had I not read much fantasy before , but I have ... so I 'm not.It gets a big shrug of the shoulders from me .
 Ah , Eragon . The book I love to make fun of . After reading this book and dismissing it as a terribly written , if amusing , book , you can understand my puzzlement at the number of devoted fans there are . And now with the next book coming out , I fear that more people will fall into the same trap of `` Ooh , shiny dragon cover ! '' After that , they have no chance.So , you might ask , what 's so bad about Eragon ? And why am I being so hard on the author , when he was only fifteen ? Does n't he deserve a little credit?Paolini does deserve credit , but not for what most people give him . He has clearly read an impressive number of classic fantasy novels . What is not so impressive is how he blatantly rips off every one of them.Yes , the stereotypical images of elves , orcs , and dwarves are a part of the fantasy genre . And I 'm not saying , for example , that McCaffrey invented Dragons . But Paolini uses ALL the mechanics of her dragons in his book -- down to the smallest details like how potential riders stand in front of the dragon eggs , how the dragon chooses its own rider and name , the trauma associated with losing one 's dragon , telepathic communication , everything . Try as I might , I could not find a single original idea that Paolini invented himself . And it 's not like I 've read every fantasy book in existance -- I 'm only sixteen . But when I was reading Eragon , I recognized every idea and concept immediately . People having True Names and a language in which you ca n't lie ? Wow , that sounds just like LeGuin 's `` A Wizard of Earthsea ! '' And I 've heard people praise the originality of Paolini 's werecat -- a talking cat that sometimes transforms into a boy . Well , it 's odd , then , that I read about one of those just the other day in Garth Nix 's `` Sabriel . '' I 'm not saying that he intentionally copied all these ideas -LRB- though , his characters would undoubtedly be more interesting and multi-dimensional if he had -RRB- , or that these authors were the first to ever think of them . It 's just that I 've seen it all done before , by better writers , in my opinion , and Paolini did n't bother to change or add to it in any way . So , while it is a bit impressive for one of Paolini 's age to have such a knowledge of fantasy concepts , any fifteen-year-old with half a brain could have stuck them all together and put their name on it.And actually , he did n't even do a good job at that . The plot itself can be summarized by `` Star Wars plus damsel in distress plus many , many inconsistencies . '' One example of the plot just not making sense happens about three-fifths of the way through the book . Arya is slowly dying of slow-acting poison and they need to get her to the Varden as soon as possible . Eragon suggests that he and Arya fly there on Saphira , thus getting there much faster than they would be able to on horseback . The only problem would be they 'd have to leave Murtagh behind . But then -- get this -- Murtagh throws a tantrum because he does n't want to go to the Varden . How does that make sense at ALL !? It completely ruined the whole `` exciting chase scene '' because the entire time they were slowly riding there I was thinking , `` Why is Murtagh still with you !? Just fly there , already ! '' And , indeed , Murtagh complains the entire time because he wants to leave . Paolini gives no reason for him not to -- he simply does n't , because it would ruin the big chase scene . Awful . Then when they finally get there , Paolini conveniently forgets about his ancient language -LRB- you ca n't lie , remember ? -RRB- and makes a huge deal about how the Varden do n't trust Murtagh and how he has to get his mind probed.All the other plot elements and events are similarly contrived . When they have to cross an enormous expanse of desert , for example , Eragon makes a big fuss about how they can only carry enough water to last them one day , and it will take them two days to cross . This did n't make sense to me because they 'd never had this problem with carrying water before . Paolini just creates a conflict where there logically should be none so Eragon can cleverly solve it with magic . And yet in other cases , when faced with a real problem , he solves it with unrealistic ease . In one scene , Eragon and Murtagh must break out of jail . Eragon spends more than a day trying find a way out of his cell . He finally manages it with magic . And the very second he breaks free , there 's Murtagh , who conveniently happened to get out at the exact same second , without using magic , in time to shoot the guards ! Whenever Eragon gets into any real trouble , he is conveniently knocked unconscious and the problem is solved for him by the time he wakes up . I just wish it worked like that in real life -- then I could have simply knocked myself out cold instead of having to finish reading the book.Even with all these badly written scenes to choose from , there is one that really stands above the rest . The battle at the end of the book has got to be the absolute worst `` big climactic battle scene '' I have ever read . Paolini describes many Urgals -LRB- his version of orcs -RRB- dying . He describes Eragon and Saphira flying around blasting stuff . But not once does he describe -- or even mention -- anyone on the `` good side '' dying . You assume that everything is going well for them . But then halfway through he tells us that the battle is `` going badly , '' and afterward , that `` there were many casualties . '' Huh ? Because of this , the scene was lacking any sense of excitement or concern for the heroes that it should have had.Still , I might have been able to forgive most of these flaws , or at least gotten some small enjoyment out of the book , if it had other redeeming qualities . But here , too , Eragon fails in every respect . The characters are flat and lack realistic personalities . The only character who gets more than a line or two is Arya , the elf princess , and she is -LRB- of course -RRB- the embodiment of perfection . Paolini surrounds every mention of her with description of how shiny , perfect , and beautiful she is . After about the fifth description of how her eyebrows slant , it becomes quite irritating . All the characters speak in the exact same way , from uneducated farm boy Eragon , who ca n't even read , to old scholarly Brom . And do n't even get me started on his `` creative elven language . '' Taking a bunch of english , latin and greek words , adding extra consonants and accent marks and putting an `` R '' or `` A '' at the end of each one is not the same thing as creating a language . Example
 If someone had assembled a checklist of every fantasty cliche ever used in any work of fantasy ever written by anyone anywhere , it would 've turned into this book .1 . Elves are noble , wonderful , beautiful and wise . CHECK ! 2 . Dwarves are hardworking , strong , loyal and wise . CHECK ! 3 . Dragons are magical , powerful , impressive and wise . CHECK ! 4 . Evil is evil for its own sake and can never be redeemed . CHECK ! 5 . E'xtensi ' v &uuml;se ' f ` pros ` tro ` phs &aacute; & ntilde ;'d aent m ` rks n w ` rds , n&auml;ms a ` nd pla ` c&egrave;s . CHECK ! 6 . We Are All Shaped By A Greater Destiny ! CHECK ! 7 . One ring to ... well , ok , he left that part out.My point is that if you 're looking for well done , intelligent , nuanced fantasy , look elsewhere . Christopher Paolini has , I am sure , many fine virtues , and given enough time may end up being readable . That time has not yet arrived . If you had told me before I picked up the book that the author was 19 when it was published , I would 've said , `` Really ? He was that old ? '' I know when I look back at what I wrote when I was younger it was ... not great . Now at 34 , and published , I can see the flaws in my earlier works . I 'm sure Mr Paolini will do the same as he ages.For those who want good , smart fantasy for themselves , and even for kids , I HIGHLY recommend the works of Terry Pratchett , particularly Discworld . He truly deserves the title `` wordsmith '' . In his world elves are mean , dwarves are fractous and religious and dragons tend to explode if they eat too much , get too excited , sneeze , etc.It 's `` real '' fantasy . Eragon is `` real '' bad .
 I could n't call SF/fantasy overused with a clear conscience . There are always new worlds to be explored and new levels of style and skill to be tapped into . However , you need a certain amount of individuality to make a fantasy hit with me , considering the huge numbers of novels available , and in this I find Eragon slightly lacking.Paolini 's age is certainly remarkable , and I personally believe this contributed considerably to the popularity of his novel . Otherwise , Eragon is nothing new . Other reviews call it `` the Lord of the Rings for the younger set '' or mention its similarity to Tolkien 's epic vision , but if I were to compare it to Tolkien it would only be with shock . I saw similarities to orcs in the swarthy Urgols , and the elves with their pointed ears , white horses , superior weapons and overall loveliness and grace . The names in the map , like Isenmere , ring a little too true for my liking , while the fact that the book culminates in a battle against the Urgols outside of the white mountain city is just strange . Add the race of dwarves and Snowfire , the fastest , most beautiful horse the land has to offer -LRB- Shadowfax ? -RRB- and you have a blend that is certainly unoriginal , if not outright ridiculous.If fantasy still has thousands of novels to offer us , Paolini certainly should n't contribute he gets his act together . Philip Pullman said `` I read like a butterfly and write like a bee ; if my story -LSB- His Dark Materials series -RSB- has any honey , it is because of the nectar I found in the work of better writers ... '' But what he took was the `` nectar , '' not the entire flower !
 I hate to be yet another naysayer here , but seriously ... what is all the hype about these books ? My poor sister -LRB- who for some reason loved them -RRB- told me to read them , and I struggled for WEEKS to finish the first book in the series . Normally , a book of Eragon 's size and reading level would be devoured by me in less that a day or two . However , upon reading the first chapter , I was struck almost immediately by the choppy sentence structure . Almost all the sentence were the same length . It was hard for me to read more than a chapter at a time because passages simply did not flow well at all.When I finally finished Eragon , I thought that the second one had to be better , since it got published . I was dead wrong . Both books had an incredibly boring story , derivative plot , unoriginal characters and setting -LRB- also names stolen almost directly from Tolkien !! -RRB- , pedestrian language and writing style , wooden dialogue -LRB- every character spoke with the same exact `` voice , '' none were really distinct from each other -RRB- , and cliched expression after cliched expression . In Eragon at least , the entire book was full of passages of `` purple prose . '' Worst of all , the author only TOLD and hardly ever SHOWED the reader what the characters were feeling . Speaking of characters , Eragon sorely lacked both character description -LRB- I did n't even know what Murtagh was supposed to look like or how old he was until the book was almost over -RRB- , and there was almost no character development whatsoever . I felt no emotional involvement and did n't care a thing for almost any of the characters . Making the reader care about their characters is one of the most important things authors must do to create a meaningful story with emotional depth . For instance , if George R. R. Martin can make me learn to love a traitorous villain who commits incest with his sister , then why ca n't I care about the `` perfect '' titular HERO of these books ??? Believe me , I gave this series many chances to impress ... and it failed . I love the idea of Dragon Riders -LRB- a la the Pern series -RRB- and I thought the character of Saphira had some good things about her . Being a linguist , I love the idea of language having a deep , abiding power of its own -LRB- which has also been done a la Tolkien and Le Guinn -RRB- , but the things in this story just felt like a boy 's fantasy daydream , down to the sexy elf chick in tight leather of all things . Just because someone is young and writes a novel does not make said novel good nor does it make said novelist a prodigy . I truly think that the only reason either of these books were published in the first place is because Paolini 's parents were the ones who published them.My apologies if my rant offends anyone , I 'm just a little upset that I spent so long plodding through this only to find that it did not improve . Normally when I read a book , I can tell its good because of the shivers of excitement I feel while devouring page after page . That quality is the main thing that was missing from Paolini 's works . I truly hope he has a chance to improve his writing over time .
 I picked up a copy of `` Eragon '' after it received so much favorable press because it was written by some 19 year oldwunderkind , but I have to tell you
 Let me tell you a story : A long long time ago -LRB- in a galaxy far far away -RRB- there was a young farm boy living with his uncle . He had never known his parents , and his uncle did n't like to talk about them . One day , the farm boy 's life is changed forever . He finds a mysterious object , then later comes home one day to find his uncle dead . The house -LRB- and uncle -RRB- go up in flames , and the farm boy goes off with a secretive experienced old mentor . The mentor teaches him how to use a glowing sword . The farm boy also learns about the evil leader and those who fight against him . Along the way , he meets a beautiful girl -LRB- and she is an AWESOME fighter -RRB- and a shifty , `` street-wise '' friend.By the way , if you are not seeing a VERY FIRM connection to Star Wars at this point , you have obviously never seen the Star Wars movies.I just do n't understand what people see in this book ! The plot is old , old , OLD !!! Did anyone else notice that the plot is simply Star Wars set in medieval times ? Eragon , the `` hero '' is extremely annoying and shallow . Another thing that bothered me is when they spoke first in medieval , then in teen slang . I also found this book to be EXTREMELY lacking in girl characters . The only female character -LRB- besides the dragon -RRB- was a silent elf girl who was in a coma for an entire half of the book ! Pretty much the only thing that I can say for this book is that the description is awesome ! I can actually picture a lot of the places without being bored out of my mind ! Without the good place description , this book would be one star . Otherwise , it pretty much stunk.Did anyone else think that the curses/spells were VERY lame ?
 I 've certainly read worse stories , but the sheer amount of typos and grammatical mistakes and misuse of words alone turned me off to this book . I was barely a chapter in before I had a pencil in hand and was becoming more and more preoccupied with the mistakes than the plot . Should n't an editor have caught these ? That alone was painful , and not to mention the dialogue and the awkward sentences themselves . I had hoped that this child `` prodigy '' book would actually be good , not a book that sounded like something I had written when I was fifteen .
 Have to second most of what B. Capossere and a few others are saying . I have seen so much good , original material struggle to find a home or have to settle for small or e-publishers , I think it 's a travesty that Knopf picked this up -LRB- although I 'm sure financially they 're making out very well -RRB- . I really had to struggle to get through the first 20 pages , and I 'm still skimming a lot of it , pressing onward because my 8yo is so enthralled and is begging me to become a part of Eragon 's world . When Knopf picked this up -LRB- I think it was originally self-published ? -RRB- , they could have at least assigned an editor to clean up the prose . It 's awkward , wordy , imprecise , and , in places , a grammatical nightmare . All the characters at this point talk exactly the same . I ca n't believe people are comparing this to Tolkien , whose command of the language was masterful ; even though his characters were archetypes , you could usually tell who was talking by the turn of phrase . By page 30 or 40 , a reader ought to be drawn into the story and begin to care about the characters , and I do n't . If the story keeps up like this , I 'm inclined to say there 's probably 200 pages worth of story here that 's been overinflated by the use of redundant adjectives and adverbs and ill-thought-out scene presentation.In reading the other reviews , I 'm noticing that those who rated it highly are new to the world of fantasy . -LRB- I truly ca n't believe a children 's librarian recommended it or nominated it for an award . -RRB- If you 're literate in the fantasy world and have read Tolkien , Lewis -LRB- or Greg Farshtey , who writes the Bionicle novels , for that matter -RRB- , this will be a big let-down in terms of construction and originality . If you 're new to fantasy and have read a lot of other genres , you may still be put off by the awkwardness of the overall story-telling . If you 're a precocious 8yo who likes young heroes , though , go to it . -LRB- One star is partially put in to counterweight the lady who accidentally put in 5 and meant to put in 2.5 -RRB-
 Everyone here seems to be extremely divided in their views of this book , and I 'm afraid I fall in the dislike camp.Okay , let 's start with the plot . I must admit it is quite enjoyable , if you are in such unlikely circumstances that you are both inclined to like fantasy , and have not read most of the modern classics in said genre ; or , perhaps , you have to have read enough awfully-written stories to know cliches when you see them . Basically , Eragon embarks upon a quest for revenge against shadow forces he does n't know much about , but which will undoubtedly have something to do with his ` mysterious past . ` While most people mention fantasy books as inspiration , I find Eragon 's plot more reminiscent of Star Wars than of anything else . There 's the dead order of peace-keepers with amazing powers , the main character 's mysterious past -LRB- Who 's his father ? He does n't know ! -RRB- , the magical power , the old man with long-dead secrets of the past , which of course he teaches to this headstrong youth without really bothering about whether he 's _ good _ or not , and most tellingly , the destruction of the boy 's farm and death of his uncle , which in both Star Wars and Eragon sets the main character off on a quest of revenge . Just thank heaven there 's no C3P0 ... In terms of concepts , there are very few original ideas , either . Paolini draws from Tolkien 's works , not just Lord of the Rings but background materials as well , and , I am told , Anne McCaffrey 's -LRB- sorry if I misspelled that -RRB- Pern books . Personally , I ca n't stand McCaffrey 's writing , which is why I ca n't speak for myself on that one . Anyway , all of the races are almost exactly the same , down to the origins of the elves across the sea -LRB- Tolkien came up with that one , folks ! -RRB- ; while Urgals and the Ra ` zac are original , as far as I know , they are shadily described . Indeed , the Urgals always remind me of the Knights who say Ni , a la Monty Python , which rather kills their potential as villans.Paolini attempts to make his world original and fresh by adding in what he seems to think is his own idea , judging by the care he takes in explaining it
 Ugh . Ugh . Ugh . This book is a trainwreck . Where do I even begin?I 'll start with the most obvious and egregious issue
 So-I was looking for a fantasy/medieval title to read and after seeing the reviews of Eragon I said to myself `` it could n't be that bad '' or could it ? Now given I am only 175 pages into the story and it is possible to become a great read -LRB- hey , the Red Sox won four in a row -RRB- so anything 's possible . But now I will list my personal problems with the book although most of them have already been stated in previous reader reviews .1 . Paolini 's use of thesaurus driven vocabulary gives me the image of him sitting at his computer , writing the story on Microsoft Word , and hitting the Thesaurus button on the toolbar everytime he needed a neat word to fill in for the boring one he came up with - EX
 This is a difficult book to review . However , I will try to make my comments as helpful and balanced as possible - fully aware that many may well disagree.When I read that this book had been written by an Author aged fifteen -LRB- when he started -RRB- , I approached it with enthusiasm - and an open mind . Surely , I thought , for it to get published , it must be way beyond the talents of most young writers . In many ways it is ; I certainly can not imagine many people of that age having the patience to write something of this length . So , five stars for effort!However , I have not awarded this book five stars . Why ? Well , although an excellent effort for one so young , it undoubtedly reads as the work of an immature writer with much still to learn ... and when I pay good money for a book , I would prefer not to be reading someone 's apprenticeship material , no matter how valiant the attempt . There are countless other reviews all saying the same kind of thing and quoting specific examples of immature writing style - so I wo n't bother to do the same . I just genuinely wish I 'd taken notice of them , instead of being lured by the marketing - and a nicely illustrated front cover.Undoubtedly , this young man is a bookseller 's / marketer 's dream . In interviews he comes over as intelligent and engaging . And this is , at least partly , what is helping to sell what would otherwise be a rather amateurish and overlong book . At several stages whilst reading , I tried to analyze how it got as far as publication . I later learnt that this was initially a vanity publishing project -LRB- self-published -RRB- , and after an enthusiastic response -LRB- probably as a result of vigorously publicizing the youth of the author -RRB- , a legitimate publisher bought the rights , -LRB- no doubt thinking they might as well have the profit as the author -RRB- . Now I understood . There is always a problem when this situation occurs ; it is usually published by the new publisher in its original state - rather than having the enormous benefit of a thorough editing . Tightening Eragon by about a third could have worked wonders alone - but that would be just the beginning . Considerable improvements are needed with regard to plot -LRB- too dull and predictable -RRB- , pacing -LRB- waaaaay too long and slow -RRB- , characterization -LRB- too many characters distinctly two-dimensional -RRB- and lacking originality -LRB- nearly everything in this book has been done before by somebody else - and done far , far better -RRB- . No doubt , the next epistle in this series will be a huge improvement . The young author will hopefully have developed and honed his craft - and a second book will have the benefit of the editing process . But meanwhile , if you 're thinking of buying this book here 's my advice : If you are the type of reader who when offered an epic meandering tale about knights and dragons , will cheer , grab it with both hands and gobble your way through it - no matter what the quality ; then go ahead and buy it - this book is for you . However , if you are a discerning reader with limited time , then I heartily recommend buying something else -LRB- preferably shorter -RRB- . There are plenty of debut novelists out there who have spent many years honing their skills before expecting customers to part with their hard-earned cash ; try one of their books instead .
 The fanfare and general idolation of this novel is decidedly undeserved . Why ? At points it can be entertaining -LRB- though it drags on in description far too often -RRB- but it is not long before an odd sense of familiarity sinks in
 It is one of the worst books I 've ever read . It is so lame ! I am so sorry that I paid for this book and am trying to return it . Whoever is hyping this garbage maskerading as a book should just stop !!!!!!!
 Eragon was written for children . Laden with overdone cliches and unbelievable heroics straight out of a adolescent 's imagination , it came as no surprise that the author is a young teenager . My suspension of disbelief can not bear a sixteen year old boy becoming a master swordsman in six months time , without ever enduring a real fight . Or an ageless elven beauty falling in love with same boy . I was constantly asking myself where all the MEN in this book were hiding . Anyone looking for serious fantasy should avoid Eragon .
 I have to admit , Eragon has a storyline that is its own , although a lot of concepts from it are taken from other fantastic books ! For instance , in Lord of the Rings there is a character named Aragorn . Eragon ... Aragorn ... pretty similar . Also , when I read the beginning of the book -LRB- I could n't even get into it -RRB- I immediately thought I was reading a Harry Potter book . There is also a book called Dragon Rider , which has a similar story . Has anybody seen the movie Dragonheart ? It is about the last dragon ... sort of like the dragon from Eragon.I 'm sorry , but this book seems like the author wanted something to do so he wrote a book using ideas from other books in his spare time . The movie was , I have to say , entertaining , but I noticed too many similarites between that and Lord of the Rings . A few mild similarities are fine since eventually authors are bound to have similar ideas , but it was just too much ! As I read parts of the book I kept thinking to myself `` That 's from Lord of the Rings . '' or `` That 's from Harry Potter . '' or `` That 's from Dragonheart ... '' etc. . If this author wants to become successful he should create a story that is completely original.The book was also extremely slow . They walked ... they fought ... they walked ... and walked some more ... then they flew ... with the occasional fighting . Even the creatures that followed them seemed to be taken straight out of Lord of the Rings -LRB- the Orcs -RRB- , and that weird sorceror dude was like Sarumon to Saron , but instead this time it is a human king . Save yourself the trouble of reading this book by reading the originals that these ideas came from .
 Anyone who gets to stay up later than 9 PM would recognize that this book stinks . This kid is n't any worse than some of the other fantasy pulp-mysters out there but he 's not worthy of anything approaching a good review . Gon na ' be on a desert island for a few months ? I 'd rather read the palm leaves ...
 This book is a terrible thing to read if you like the classics written by Tolkien , Rowling , and Lewis . I could write books ten times better than this . In fact I have . Dont read this book if you want a true fantasy , only read it if you like flat storylines and boring steriotypical characters . Christopher from Texas
 I 'd heard about this book -- with all those marketing dollars , who has n't ? Started reading it , and the more I read the more I began to feel a sense of unreality that this particular book is getting so much marketing attention . It 's nothing but a passably written string of cliches wandering through a maze of better writer 's ideas . After reading 200 pages I gave up in disgust . The publishing industry created celebrity status in the young author because of his youth and got away with it . But I do know young people who are very original and profound , even wise in their thinking . This book is excruciatingly UNoriginal , lacking in depth , and the style of writing is immature at best . Bottom line , if you buy it you 're only proving the marketers right -- that the public can be led by marketing dollars , even turning a silly imitative book like Eragon into a bestseller .
 Okay , I know a lot of people have said what I 'm saying here , but I feel so strongly about this book that I ca n't help but say it again.This is one of the absolute worst books I 've ever read.I have two basic reasons for this
 I first borrowed Eragon from the library a few months back . I thought , ` the author 's just a bit younger than me , and I 'm stuck on the third book in my fantasy trilogy - maybe seeing what this kid can do will inspire me . ' Or something.Lordy - I could n't get past the first chapter.At first , I thought maybe I was just jealous of the author for doing what I had n't yet done while being younger than me - though I did n't - feel - particularly jealous . Nor am I usually a jealous kind of person . But I could n't quite pin down why I disliked it so much , and I disliked it SO MUCH that I could n't bear to read any more closely so I could figure it out.So , I let it go . Forgot about it . Returned to reading Melanie Rawn.Then , a week or two ago , my sister buys the book . I 've already told her my experience with it , but I play it like it was nothing -LRB- because I seriously thought I was just jealous of his success , even though I did n't feel it - yeah , so I apparently confuse myself -RRB- , and anyway , she 's desperate for a fantasy novel.She took the book to work with her . And when she came home , before I could even ask , she was telling me how much it sucked.After listening to her rant , I picked up her copy and read as much of it as I could stand . And we agree , now , on why it was so bad , and why it was n't jealousy that motivated my initial disgust.The . Writing . Is . Choppy . And . Emotionless . -LRB- Yes , I wrote that that way to be ironic . -RRB- Seriously . I know run-on sentences are bad , but not all your sentences need to be short - and frankly , sometimes sentences do n't fit together in paragraphs when they 're short like that , because the subject jumps back and forth . For instance -LRB- and because I 'm not sure quotes are allowed here , I 'm not quoting it , but using an example I 'm making up right now -RRB- : >> Eragon 's hair blew in the brisk wind . The wind came from the north . Barbarians lived in the north . The wind got sand in Eragon 's eyes . < < See , now if you added the useless barbarian info to the previous line -LRB- i.e. ` The wind came from the north , where the barbarians lived . ' -RRB- , the paragraph retains coherency . -LRB- Not a lot , mind , but much more than it currently has . -RRB- Seperate them , and the whole thing becomes a series of sentences that are marred by one out-of-place line.Also , his usage of some words and phrases is , as far as I know , not quite correct . A ` torrent ' of sunshine ? ` Cheeks ' flooding with tears ? Someone ` diffidently ' left , there are ` sheets ' of snow , sleep ` overcame ' him - and THEN he started thinking ... There are so many examples of this , it makes my head spin.Also , he leaves details out in the strangest places ... For instance , ` snow blinds him ' - not the sun shining off the snow , but the snow itself . How ? Does it blow into his eyes ? Or is it the unmentioned sunlight reflecting off the snow?We do n't know . We are n't told.Yes , I know one should show the reader , not tell . But in order to show , one must give details - do n't leave the reader to do guesswork when it comes to what your lines are supposed to mean.And the wrong use of snow is not even the worst example of such a mistake . More than once , his sentences were so bad , grammatically speaking , that I could n't figure out what he meant until I read further on and put the words in context . Which is something barely tolerable in a fanfiction author , let alone a published one.Also , some things just did not make sense to me - and not -LRB- only -RRB- because of bad grammar . -LRB- SPOILERS to follow ! -RRB- Like , if his uncle is so grievously injured , why is HE the one rooming with the healer , and not his uncle ? Though Eragon - was - unconscious for two days , the healer admits she ca n't do anything for his uncle , that his wounds are n't healing - but he 'll be fine , she 's convinced , because he 's ` strong and hardy ' . And she spent , by her own admission , a lot of time watching over Eragon , too . Not the man who was n't healing at all.Yeah . He dies not that long after . Can they sue for malpractice on this world?It seemed to me like a really bad plot device - the author wanted Eragon to wake up and talk to the healer , wanted Eragon 's uncle to die , but did n't bother figuring out how those two things could believably fit together.A lot of the book seemed pieced together like that , too - contrived ideas , with no real explanation of why things are the way they are , no real understanding of how to execute his ideas so that the reader understands.There 's a scene early on , in fact , where two characters are said to be arguing -LRB- it 's hard to tell from their speech , as the dialogue is stiff and never really changes to show emotions -RRB- , but they leave the place they 're in laughing together . No real explanation on why . Were they play-fighting ? Did one of them cave ? It 's impossible to tell.The author 's characterization skills are sorely lacking , and his ability to explain his character 's motivations is almost nil . And it seems that nearly all the plot is given through speech - everything Eragon discovers he seems to learn through someone talking , to him or someone else . A well-loved plot device for all authors , to be sure , but must it be used so often?Also , and I ca n't really pinpoint why exactly this is , but I could n't feel anything for anyone in the book . Eragon came off as an arrogant , self-rationalizing bore , and as far as I 've gotten right now , every other character is flat and lifeless . The 'em otional ' scenes are melodramatic -LRB- from what I 've read , Eragon sure screams at the sky a lot - do you know anyone in real life who does that ? Anyone ? -RRB- , with each ` touching ' moment rendered utterly unmoving.People constantly mention this young man 's age as a defense of his work , but I have to say , it 's really no excuse . Not just for him , though he obviously could 've done better ; some lines hinted at an actual talent buried in there somewhere -LRB- not as big a one as he apparently believes , according to some published interviews , but a talent nonetheless -RRB- - but for his editor -LRB- s -RRB- , as well , who should 've seen the same errors I did . Who let these mistakes go by unchanged ? That 's what I wan na know.I wrote a book when I was eighteen , finished the next one when I was twenty . Does my age mean I should somehow be excused from basic literary competence ? No , of course not . Which is why I 'm still editing my novel , before I send it out , even though I 'm twenty-three . -LRB- Well , that and a lot of emotional/family upheaval throughout the last three years , but still . -RRB- This book 's publication does , on the bright side , give me hope . Because if this can be published , errors and all , I think I may actually have some small shot . > _ < Though to be perfectly honest , what really saddens me about Eragon is that , with so much praise heaped upon this utterly undeserving book , young Mr. Paolini , like all the most popular authors , has no motivation to improve upon his own writing except whatever motivation he provides for himself - and judging by his own published interviews on the matter , he believes much of his own hype , and will not be searching for improvement anytime soon . And that is a real travesty , because with effort , I think he might one day be able to craft an honest-to-God GOOD book.After all , as others have already pointed out , it 's blatantly obvious that he 's been ` influenced ' by good books , at any rate . > _ < So , in closing
 As you look around at the other , glowing reviews of Eragon , I hope you realize one thing
 Paolini borrows . And borrows . And then borrows a little more . Does that mean he has talent ? For borrowing , certainly . For writing ? I ca n't say until I read something that actually is HIS work , through and through.I give him full credit for being able to write a novel of this size at the tender age of 15 . It shows that at least he has the tenacity and perseverance to keep at it , which is definitely something any would-be-successful author needs.However , I completely disagree with those reviewers who claim that looking at the intended target group of readers is an excuse for poor prose . There is never an excuse for poor prose ! Our children have as much right to read well-written and beautiful prose as we -LRB- adults -RRB- do . Children are not second-rate people , so why should they need to read second-rate prose?There are many well-written children 's books out there , but this is not one of them , although it does have certain page-turning qualities . Were it well-written , I would have been less irritated at all the borrowing of plots , characters , place and people names in this book . As it is , only sheer stubbornness kept me going .
 J.R.R. Tolkien
 I think I can honestly say this is one of the worst books I have ever read . If Paolini ever learns to stop manipulating his characters , come up with his own storylines , and cut out all annoying , irrelevent descriptive passages , he might become a decent writer . As it is ... If you are unfamiliar with Tolkien , Lucas , and Mccaffrey , Paolini 's blatent plagarism may not bother you . Who knows , you might actually enjoy the book .
 It is interesting how readers either seem to love or hate this book . I was drawn to the book by the attractive cover . I got it out of the library and spent a few days trying to be interested in it . It was very easy to put down . The only reason I finished it is that I continued to read it hoping it would get better . It did not . This was written by a teenager , and it shows . One hopes that his next book -LRB- s -RRB- will demonstrate his growth as a writer . I must say I have sympathy for anyone who tries to write a fantasy novel which includes elves , dwarves and magic , because the book will inevitably be compared to Tolkien , especially now that the LOTR movies are out.However , in no way is this book `` comparable to Tolkien , '' or even any of the other writers to whom Mr. Paolini has been compared , at least in terms of writing style and excellence . The plot and `` devices '' are not original ; the story line is VERY like Star Wars , and the dragon/magic and relationships are similar to those in novels by Anne McCaffrey , Raymond Feist and Terry Brooks -LRB- no offense to these writers -RRB- . The writing is disjointed , uneven and dull . There is much extraneous information which the reader tucks away in his memory , thinking it will be used later , but it is never mentioned again . Nearly every chapter ends with Eragon falling asleep or becoming unconscious . I had to laugh at some of the lines , such as `` White mist rose up off the river , like blood steaming in winter . '' Surely that is something every reader can relate to -LRB- ? -RRB- One can hope as Mr. Paolini matures that his writing will also . But do n't waste your money on this book with a nice cover - get it out of the library or borrow it from a friend if you want to read it .
 OK if you read the one-star reviews of this book , you will get the picture . This is one big fat rip-off , and anyone who knows the fantasy genre could have told you that . But if you 've never read any fantasy except Harry Potter , you will probably be impressed , seeing as how the ` author ' of Eragon took a lot of good ideas from other writers .
 It 's odd that the reviews of this book all seem to be either glowing praise with 5 stars , or complete disappointment -LRB- 1 star -RRB- . I 'm about half way through this book , and let me tell you , absolutely nothing interesting has happened yet.Paolini 's writing is full of promise , but in this book it is clumsy and boring . Character interaction feels forced , and there is no chemistry.The worst part is the pacing . This book is a terribly slow read . I can not imagine the story needing to continue over a part II and part III.I will read the remainder of this book to see if it improves . But at this point , I have to admit , the positive reviews puzzle me . This book is not what those reviews promised it would be .
 What happens when a self-published homeschooled teenager gets `` discovered '' ? If it were n't for Carl `` Hoot '' Hiaasen , Christopher Paolini would still be touring schools in medieval drag touting his book . `` Eragon '' is clearly a work of fanfiction & Paolini ; 's favorites are Tolkien & Star ; Wars.One need only read the plot.Like Luke Skywalker , Eragon loses his uncle to a violent death , has a beloved mentor who also dies , and finds out he is a Dragon Rider.He even has blue light -- just like Luke 's light saber!Paolini is also unintentionally funny in the names he 's created.Alaegesia is hardly pronounceable -- unlike Middle-Earth -LRB- ! -RRB- The villain 's name , Galbatorix , is impossible to take seriously.Funny details-1 -RRB- When Eragon learns to read , he reads TONS of books , be he in Teirm or among the Varden.He 's a voracious reader , like any homeschooler .2 -RRB- Eragon & his ; mentor Brom go on a loooong search -- for a receipt.I kid you not.It 's to find out the realm of the Ra ` zac.He has to look at shipping records.Now I 'm waiting for Eragon to become a Certified Public Account and Dragon Rider . -LRB- `` I ride a dragon , practice magic & balance ; books '' -RRB- 3 -RRB- The Elves are vegetarians -- yet Arya wears form-fitting leather.A teenaged boy 's dream .4 -RRB- Eragon 's journey is hardly from Point A to Point B.He spends the book basically wandering , almost aimlessly , over Alaegesia.Frodo had it easier going to Mordor.I 'm looking forward to the cheesy movie version .
 FINE ... I admit it . It 's a decent book . I have some squirmishes with the editing , but all in all , the story itself is n't bad . That is n't to say , of course , that the book is downright amazing . In fact , far from it . Paolini is hopelessly derivative of older and far better fantasy novels -LRB- Lord of the Rings anyone ? -RRB- That is n't the major problem because a lot of fantasy novelists have done that , but the best and most successful of them -LRB- J.K Rowling for example -RRB- have at least used these old ideas and made them new and interesting . Paolini does not . The bottom line is
 I have heard from various sources that , although many of the ideas in Eragon are copied from other authors , it is possiuble to enjoy Paolini 's work at face value . Unfortunately , I found myself unable to do so . I do n't mean to sound like the average Paolini-hater -LRB- I would have given this book one star if I was -RRB- , so I 'll list several reasons as to why I had trouble with this book .1 . The characters did not seem real to me . I found Eragon himself to be petulant and annoying ; on top of his frequent narcalepsy there were unsettling characterizations . When he felt grief I felt indifference . He was not humorous or realistically courageous in any way . He made mistakes because Paolini made him make mistakes . I kept waiting for Eragon to come into his own , but he remained nothing more than a window through which we were able to view this book 's not-so-terribly-original world .2 . The dialouge . In what world - real or imagined - do people talk like this ? What time period was the author trying to convey to his readers ? In one line , I was reading casual , modern dialouge ... and in the next paragraph I was met with medival jargon that seemed -LRB- to me -RRB- forced .3 . The borrowing . Yes , I know i said I tried to take this book at face value . But the similarities of names -LRB- Paolini 's Vanilor and Eridor to Tolkien 's Valinor and Eraidor -RRB- astounded me . Had it happened only three or four times I would n't have thought twice about it . But if you browse some of the other reviews on Amazon , you 'll see how many of Paolini 's names are ` borrowed ' from other works . I 'm asking you to browse for two reasons
 It took about 40 pages for the novelty to wear off
 This is a very bad imitation of Lord of the Rings . I bought it thinking that it was going to be a good and enjoyable book , but instead I 've been reading counting the pages anxiously until I finished it . Will definitely do not recommend to anyone , and will certainly not read the 2nd book . You should go and read Lord of the Rings , Harry Potter which are books that you can not stop reading ... This one is not worth your time .
 A fantasy story ? How terrific ! Only this falls flat . The plot was conventional and everything about it was mundane . There was nothing extraordinary to say about it . The boy goes on a quest to save the Empire but honestly I do n't know how this exactly go to be a bestseller , not to say I have actually read the whole book ! Fantasy books may probably be not my thing but this does n't seem to offer enough lessons or interesting views on things you relate to . The plot is slow and there is something kind of odd in talking to a dragon who speaks through your mind . This book is a failure and this is just a journey on a fantasy adventure . Recommendations on improving is make your characters more stimulating or engaging , make them with character or a little humor . Also , it probably would help if they would meet recurring characters that would provide comic relief . This book simply falls behind expectations and was a waste of my time .
 All I can say is that i couldnt get through it . Poorly written and rather boring . I love a good fantasy book and there are many good ones out there that others have listed . Do n't bother with this one
 The rehashing of every Fantasy gimmick under the sun -- from Tolkein to Le Guin to McCaffrey to Brooks -- got so grating after a while that I was relieved when I got near the end of the book . The characters fail to resonate -LRB- and why should they when they 're carbon copies of other , earlier works -RRB- and never engaged my sympathy . The use of language was also a weak point , and especially the constant use of other words than `` said . '' when there is nothing wrong with `` said . '' Overly flowery and pretentious language was grating , with examples of `` visage '' and `` raiment '' and their like sprinkled throughout the book.Overall , considering the author 's age , it 's not bad as a first attempt , but there are any number of stories like it already out there by more experienced writers , not to mention on fanfiction.net . I would suggest readers interested in a good Fantasy book head towards the original texts instead of this derivative one .
 Very impressed with the writing and descriptive ability of young Mr. Paolini , however it took me forever to get through this story . I felt like I was as old as Brom yet happy when I finally finished . It seemed the author was trying to prove something to get this to 500 pages . He did n't need to . The same story with the same flavor could have been told on less paper .
 Mr Paolini 's writing aside -LRB- it 's serviceable , but unremarkable -RRB- , I find it highly amusing that so many people accuse him or ripping off LOTR and Star Wars . LOTR owes much to Scandinavian Mythology -LRB- which Tolkien revered -RRB- , and George Lucas took the plot for Star Wars directly from Akira Kurosawa 's film `` The Hidden Fortress '' . While there may not be much `` original '' in `` Eragon '' or `` Eldest '' , Paolini 's source material was n't entirely original , either .
 Well , I 'm about half way through the book . I started reading it about 3 months ago ... hmm ... I think it 's a great book for let say a middle schooler . I 'm a big LOTR fan so maybe I expected too much I do n't know but to me it seems like it 's a 15 year old 's version of Tolkien . Although I think he probably did have some help rephrasing some sentences here and there . There are just some expressions in the book that I would n't expect from a kid his age . And that mixed together with the overall kids-book-feeling is just strange for me.I do agree with the reviewer before me though , it 's an excellent work from a 15 year old !
 Dragons
 I would not have completed _ Eragon _ if I had not wanted to write a review . -LRB- I do n't think it 's fair to write a review of a book one has not finished . -RRB- The finishing , though , required considerable force of will . I did not enjoy this book.Eragon has many faults , but I 'll stick with four
 When I first saw this book and what the title was , I thought , `` Eragon ? Sounds a LOT like Aragorn ... '' . Nevertheless , I read the book and I loved it for it 's easy to understand writing and plot ... I still think that with time and experience , Paolini could shine because he DOES have potential , but he should n't have written so early . Perhaps he needs to grow into his talent before he writes because although his writing showed promise , there were WAY ~ too many similarities between his book and LOTR , SW Trilogy , etc. . . I felt like I was reading a fusion of the above mentioned fantasies -LRB- a quite MESSY fusion -RRB- ... I 'm quite sure you all know what I am talking about . If not , just read the other reviews.All in all , I am disappointed because of paolini 's TOTAL lack of creativity . Hopefully he develops his OWN plot in the next book of the Inheritance ...
 Eragon is not a particularly engaging book . First off , the author uses many , many synonyms for `` said '' - it is not a sin to use it once in a while ! The plot of Eragon is rather similar to Lord of the Rings , the Dragonriders of Pern , and Star Wars , and the characters are flat and seem to be puppets of the author , going wherever Paolini wishes , with shallow , unclear motives . Eragon himself has horrible mood swings , going from happy to furious in a matter of sentences.When the uncle died , I felt no emotion and did not think Eragon would overreact like he did . At first I got the impression that Eragon did not like his uncle , but I suppose I was wrong . Still , was it not the writing 's fault I had the wrong impression?Also , Paolini used a bit too much description - many readers * do * have imagination . I enjoy some description , but not to the extent the author uses.However , one has to give Paolini credit - he began writing at the age of fifteen , but that still should be no excuse for the things mentioned above . My question is
 I do n't know why everyone is so blind ! Allow me to shed a little light . This is Star Wars with dragons !!!! Everytime someone mentions this book , I keep hoping they 'll see the connection , but they do n't . Any fan of that famous galaxy far , far away will be astounded by Christopher Paolini 's lack of shame . He might want you think this is a homage to Star Wars , but I know what a homage is . When you change the names of characters and places , but keep the plotline and pretend its a different story , then its not a homage , its a rip-off !! In the story , the land of Alagaesia is ruled by a tyrannical Empire -LRB- an obvious theft -RRB- , and the only hope is a band of rebels known as the Verdan -LRB- Rebellion -RRB- , and the last remaining dragon rider -LRB- jedi knight -RRB- . That hero happens to be a young boy living in a poor household , and whose adoptive parent eventually gets killed -LRB- oh , come on !! -RRB- . He is taught to become a warrior by a retired rider named Brom -LRB- Obi-Wan Kenobi -RRB- . There is also an elf maiden named Arya -LRB- Princess Leia -RRB- , who gets kidnapped by the evil Durza -LRB- Darth Vader -RRB- . I can go on and on.Still , it is entertaining to read because you are always curious as to how these books will sink with the movie -LRB- not the Eragon movie -RRB- . Plus , it 's hard for me to put a story down . I 'll be happy when I read the third and final book because then I 'll finally be able to toss the whole trilogy away .
 Perhaps I 've read too many books in this genre but I found myself hating this book more and more as I read it . It was very unoriginal and the ending seemed thrown together at the last minute . I did like that important characters die but the characters were n't developed enough for me to care too much about them.I realize the author was a teenager when he wrote the book . But hat does n't get me my $ 10 back .
 This book is too much like `` Lord of the Rings '' . Even some sentences are the same -LRB- `` Fly , you fools '' -RRB- . I did read it , but I will probably not buy second one .
 Eragon is not the worst book I have ever read . It certainly has entertainment value and the storyline is not all bad , but there were simply too many stupid coincidences , nuances and bad grammar for it to be considered a great work of literature , no matter how much the author claims it is . Ironically , this book is targeted for readers of my age , which is 14 . Maybe I am simply a more advanced , prolific reader than most 14-year olds . I doubt that , however , judging from other people 's reviews . True , many adults are being overly critical and nit-picky about Eragon , but I believe kids and teenagers deserve books of the same caliber as adults do , not merely a rip-off of `` grown up '' literature.There are a couple of certain points of Eragon I feel the need to critisize , which are ... The PlotlineThere is nothing to be said about Eragon 's plot that has n't been said before . Every once in a while , I saw lines that most certainly had been written by Mr. Paolini with the original manuscript -LRB- Lotr , Star Wars , etc etc -RRB- clutched right in his hand . In that , the book is actually quite entertaining in the way that it follows `` classic fantasy elements , '' only insert the quotations with `` blatant plagarism . '' What makes the book especially UNreadable is how unconsistent and repetetive it is -LRB- and the writing , but that 'll come later . . -RRB- . I could forgive the author for imitating some parts of other books -LRB- because pitfalls are hard to avoid while writing fantasy -RRB- if the story was well-written or had a unique voice . Unfortunately , Eragon has none of these . I swear , I will scream if I hear one more line about Arya 's sculpted lips and triangular eyebrows , or whatever it is . Eragon himself is contradictory . one minute he sounds like a whiny little farm bumpkin and before you know it , he 's hewing Urguls with his majestic blade and spewing philosophical nonsense . And whenever Eragon has one of his `` feelings if foreboding , '' something bad always happens not so long afterwards . Talk about predictable.The Writing ItselfTo me , this is the worst part of Eragon . The author simply tries too hard . He uses words that probably came from the thesaurus he was holding there right in his hand -LRB- you know , once he finally put down Earthsea -RRB- . The writing is flowery and over-descriptive . More than once , I found myself skipping over paragraphs , and even pages at a time . The characters are stupid , flat and contrived . Arya especially annoyed me . ENOUGH with the eyebrows , already , Chris ! He tried to portray her as some kind of exotic warrior-maiden , an Arwen for the feminist generation . Well too bad . Even though she has a big sword , Arya is still nothing more than a love interest for the oh-so-manly protanagist . Publishers tried to market this book as being written by a kid , but Christopher Paolini is no longer a kid . At his age -LRB- 22 , 17 when Eragon got published -RRB- I should imagine his writing style to be much more refined . Oh well , I guess that 's what comes out of homeschooling . I do admire his passion for writing , because that 's a rare thing in most people today . With a lot of guidance and maybe some college education , he could turn out to be a promising author , but for now what he needs to do is go out into the world and actually LIVE a little .
 When my book club picked Paolini 's ERAGON as book of the month , I knew right away that I would n't like it ... Maybe the fact that Paolini was thick enough to call his main charcter Eragon , which is so very close to Aragorn , which all people who have read The Lord of the Rings will reconize . Second of all , perhaps that he was even dumber to name the title the same as his main character , which threw me off at once and probably a thousand others like me for the `` coinsidence '' of the names ... Sure , Paolini tried , but he did n't try hard enough . He was obviously greatly enfluenced by Tolkien , and did n't do much to hide it . It 's fine for authors to be inspired by other authors but what Paolini has done is copying . For example : The Ra ` zac . They have a strong resemblence to the Nazgul in LotR , plus they 're searching for something , as were the Nazgul . . Also the fact they have flying beasts for riding.THe Urgals are purely Orcs , except for the horns ... Plus the Urgal 's `` heavy '' assault guys ... Which closely resemble the Uruk-Hai in LotR ... THe plot was predictible beyond reason ... Every cliche that has been given to fantasy was in ERAGON . The pretty elven warrior princesess , the `` Lost '' son of the bad guy , etc. . . All this and yet , Paolini was on CNN ... It 's truly a mad , mad , mad , mad world ...
 The greatest accomplishment of Christopher Paolini is that he and his family managed to get this thing published and that it found an audience . The writing is terrible , just terrible . I ca n't comment on the entertainment value this book may hold for some . After about eight chapters of some of the most juvenile prose in print I had to put this aside . There 's lots of good , even great fantasy out there awaiting eager readers . They 'd do well to skip over Eragon and seek out its betters .
 Age is no excuse for crime.Parents should protect their children.You should use critizism to your advantage.Something very smelly smells better than Eragon 's I 'm - so-perfect-and-everyone-agrees-stuff . A scar on your back does n't mean you 're crippled and the world is ending.That 's the five rules of life and I stick to it .
 First of all , I have to congratulate Mr. Paolini ongetting a novel published , although I heard that his family published it , so maybe if he actually tried to send it to publishers it would have got rejected . I would have.As many people mentioned , a lot of the plot was ripped off from other famous literary novels . I wo n't go into detail . The whole story was actually very boring and it dragged -LRB- well , I 'm not sure about the whole story since I never finished because I could n't stand turning another page of this book . -RRB- Also , I have to add something . Mr. Paolini spends an entire paragragh talking about a knot in the wood of the table , but we do n't even know how Eragon looks like . Also , in this paragraph -LRB- I like ranting about this paragraph -RRB- it states that Eragon is looking for answers in this knot on the wood . I mean , why the heck is he looking for answers in the knot . And one more thing . He uses the words excruciating , and asymmetrical in that same paragraph . I 'm not saying that our vocabularies are small , but it helps if you always know what the author is talking about ... I actually began reading Eragon when I was much younger and I never finished . I decided a few years later , what the heck , I 'll give it another try but I did n't even make it as far as last time . The characters are so shallow , and although there is some adequete desription here and there , the writing was dull and flawed.To tell you the truth , I quit quite early on in the story and began just to read the many one-star reviews.I must say , they were more inspirational than the book.I decided
 To Robert M Fanney 's review of May 16 , 2005 : First off , he , like many other Eragon fans , says `` Paolini did n't rip off other authors . He was simply inspired by them . '' Not true . It 's okay to have a plot like this
 It amazes me how far publicity can take a book . As I scan through page upon page of raving reviews , I can not help but notice that every other one seems to be written by a kid . This is not suprising considering a human under the age of 25 has not fully developed the skills to differentiate between good and bad . Also , all they seem to say is `` This book rocks ! '' or `` Man ! It was awesome ! '' and my favorite `` This is the best book ever ! '' How insolent ! They do n't even say WHY the book is good . Maybe it 's because the do n't know and they 're just jumping on the band wagon . These people can go stick their faces into a pile of cow feces.Now , let me explain why you should not , under any circumstances , read this book . Something different than all the other one star review people who are raging about the copying in it . While this is true , I will focus on the issue from a more technical standpoint . First , the plot . Your general plot can be represented by a steadily rising line that has rougly three major peaks incorporated into its gradual ascent . This is the golden rule of writing succesful and fulfilling fiction . However , Eragon violates this principle . It does have its peaks , but the time in between them is mostly occupied by monotonous traveling . If people were that excited by traveling , airplane pilots and stewardesses could be best-selling authors . Near the end of the book , where the tension is supposed to be nearing its highest point , the story drops so low it almost falls off the graph . Eragon finds himself in a place with no immediate danger . This is truly a sign of amateur plotting.This is the fact that disturbs me most , though . I have read reviews where the reviewer reeled off his or her disbelief in the fact that the author , only fifteen when he started the book , could possibly have such an extensive vocabulary . Have you ever heard of a thesaruas ? `` Oh ! '' you say `` Like in Jurassic Park ! '' No . It is obvious he never intended for you to actually look some of them up , in which case you would see that he used them incorrectly . I do not enjoy having my reading experience puctuated by constant trips to the dictionary . These words only detract from the reading experience as a whole . Do you see Stephen King going around using crazy words like that ? No . It 's because he 's an experienced author who knows what he is doing.For the sake of humanity , do not buy this book . Resist the pull of the black hole of publicity and take some time to read quality fiction .
 The book was written by a 15 year old . It reads like it was written by a 15 year old . The writing is flat . Multisylabic adjectives take the place of emotional content . The plot seems taken from the last fifteen hack versions of a `` trek ' fantasy . There seem to be only two characters , a multi-cloned heroic character type and a tri-cloned evil one.It is boring.Since the prose is so badly written , I tried speadreading to see if there is any interesting plot development or storyline to make up for the lack of style . Nope ... I got about half way through and I give up . Paolini wins . He outlasted me . The book goes into the recycle bin to be turned into a cerial box or something of some value to society . The author should really wait for a bit more maturity of life and technique before he assaults the literary world again . His publishers should be ashamed .
 Like so many others I was n't going to comment on either of these books but some of the recent reviews pleading with people to read it makes me sick . Begging people to read this ? DO read the reviews however AND DO read them with a grain of salt the good obviously are there to promot the book , but many of the not so good reviews are there to promote it too . Do n't fall for this and waste money lining this author 's pockets . I rate this as NEGATIVE -5 star ! Do n't buy this book ! You are better off without it .
 Eragon is an epic journey of a small boy who is a peasant , and is telepathically linked with a dragon . This opens up to a regular fantasy plot , they go off and fight good vs. evil . It was upsetting to read this book , partly because of all the unoriginal ideas that were smashed together . Eragon is pretty much the mixture between Star Wars and Lord of the Rings , most of the writing seems more copied than written itself.The List of Good things :1 . Nicely Done Cover2 . Some parts included colorful demonstration of writing.The List of Bad Things :1 . Copied from Lord of the Rings . -LRB- see other reviews for lists -RRB- 2 . Copied from Star Wars . -LRB- see other reviews for facts and list -RRB- 3 . Poorly done dialogue .4 . Biggest cliche a fantasy fan can ever see.Why this book has received publicity :1 . Christopher Paolini and his family 's ability to promote the book well by spending money for promotions , etc. 2 . Was written by a 15 year old .
 I am 13 and was told by my fantasy-obsessed best friend to read this book . Fantasy is n't excatly my favorite genre , but I checked it out of the library and started to read . I read the prolouge , I think , and was totally lost . I had no idea who anyone was ; it was like the author expected me to already know . It dragged and I was sort of like `` okay , let 's step it up . Is anything going to happen yet ? '' Then something would happen and I 'd think a climax thing is coming on , but it 's not . And then all the characters were poorly discribed ; they 'd mention the character in chapter 5 , he 'd come up in chapter 17 , and the author would n't remind you who the character is -LRB- ex
 Like many of the readers , I have heard the exaggerated hype of this book and curiosity killed the cat , because I decided to buy it . After struggling through the first couple of chapters , I managed to get a certain `` flow '' . It was not that `` Just one more page ... just one more page . . '' flow , it was more likely that `` come on , you can do it ... finish this book ! '' . After two months , I managed to finish it and frankly , this is was the most arduous task I ever had to do.It was not because I am a slow reader , it was because I had to put the book down and breath before I send it hurtling through the window.Often , when I have to read a book for school I do not like , I usually go on Sparknotes , but this ... There was no Sparknotes around.First off , I will completely ignore the tangible fact that Paolini used every cliche plot known to the fantasy world and his obvious inspirations from the other fantasy books . Let 's focus on the writing and the way in which he told the story . An ant crawling held my attention longer than this book did . Too much descriptions , and many times , they were seemingly inserted in random places that disrupted the flow of the story . I want to see the battle in my head , not see how many furs or whatever on an Urgal 's body!The dialogue seemed force and unnatural . Paolini , I know you have been homeschooled , but honestly , did you ever have any regular interactions with the rest of the world ? Sometimes they are so ridiculously corny , I had to laugh.And the characters . Oh boy . Eragon . That boy drove me crazy . Sometimes I hoped that Paolini wrote that one of the other characters stuck tape over Eragon 's mouth . It is not a good idea to sell a book if people despises the main character.Another thing , Paolini 's exaggeration of the elven beauty completely sickened me . Strangely , I have this vision where Paolini was once a fat little kid with thick glasses crying because no one played with him and he dreamed of having his own princess . I do not wish to bash him so harshly , but on his website , he seems so egoistical like he is the world 's most brilliant writer . You can not help but be ticked off.My review is long enough as it is and if you wish to know more about this horribly written book , there are other detailed reviews that can tell you more . For those who tell me that I should give him a break because he started writing a book when he was fifteen and somehow managed to get it published ... well , I give him one star for that feat . I am writing a long fantasy novel , too . I understand how difficult it is.Maybe years and years of more school and experience can help Paolini write a better story .
 I am nine years old and I fonud some things in this book that I did ' t like . This kid copyed off of a lot of books . Eragon 's sword is five foot one-handed sword that is heavy . Brom the wizard is a cheep imitation of Gandlf in the LOTR . And nobody knows why the battle happened but it just Happened . His story could have fit in one book . This kid did not know anything about swordsmenship . This book sould have never been published .
 I just could not get this book . I was so confused with this made up language and the the main character drove me nuts ! Is he this great dragon rider who can use magic , or is he a pouty teenager from the 21st century.When I got to the end I was so upset because I felt that there was so much that has been left unanswered . I felt that I was left hanging with some important issues , such as Eragons parents . It seemed to me that at the begining of the book he cared a great deal with wanting to know about his parents , especially his dad . But when it was discussed later on in the book Eragon never tried to find out any information . Especially when the character Brom talked about his mother and the fact that he knew her . Which led me to come up with my own speculation of ... was Brom his father ? Who knows because nothing was revealed .
 Terrible piece of writing , a sign of the end times for good fantasy fiction - well , if you 're a pessimist . If you 're an optimist , than the book is a big , stinky publishing fart that will hopefully never repeat itself . Unfortunately , I see that the third is well on its way . I bothered to read the first two and let me say that that was more a sign of my sheer stubbornness than it was a sign that the book actually deserved reading . I literally had to sit myself down and refuse to get up until 50 pages were read to finish . I think it was morbid curiosity . What 's got so many people actually spending money on it ? I 'd have to go with the formula for the story , as Star Wars meets Lord of the Rings with some Narnia and other stuff mixed in , for the why.Still , great working formula or not , the book just sucks in a fanfiction type way . I 'm not saying fanfiction is necessarily bad , but it should never be formally published . Changing names and scenes does n't count . Save yourself the time and effort , and listen to the good people trying to save you money and time . Go get a real book .
 ... and on its head and feet and hands and legs and anywhere else it could find to put it . This is n't so much a story as a high school creative writing project by a fantasy-obsessed teen . Others have pointed out just how much Paolini has borrowed , so I wo n't rabbit on.Sadly , he does n't let the readers think for themselves . The hero sees someone with pointed ears . `` An elf ! '' , he thinks . Well , duh ! This happens all the time . The book could be significantly shortened if the author did n't need to explain the obvious through inner thoughts and diatribes by other characters . And too often , you think `` I know what 's going to happen '' and it does . Because you know Paolini 's influences and he has failed to rise above them . There 's foreshadowing and there 's standing there screaming `` look , there 's a clue , there 's something that 's going to happen , look there , look , look !! '' . Sadly , not much foreshadowing in this book.I did make it through , but saints preserve me from having to read any more of this . Besides , I know the origin of certain parents from Star Wars and other details from Tolkien that I doubt there are any surprises . There were n't in the first book , anyway .
 I , though many may not believe it , am only 13 , and yet even I was abe to point out the almost never-ending number of flaws in this book . However , I 've noticed people being elitist about this book mainly because the writer is 15 . I mean , jeez , sure that 's a young age at writing , and he 's overdoing it , but ... you know , to have written that much , even if he did have help from his mommy , daddy , and the hobo across the street who was too drunk to use words correctly , it 's kinda amazing . I doubt anybody will read this review anyways , since it 's as cliched off of every other review on amazon.com as the actual book Eragon itself is off of every single piece of literature ever written , but , just hear me out at this : CHECK OUT THE WEBSITE . I do n't know what it 's called , but what Paolini says about the whole Tolkien and Beowulf thing is a bigger laugh than all of the humour in the site somethingawful.com , South Park , Team America , and -LCB- other funny crap -RCB- that I 've seen/read PUT TOGETHER . He 's the smarmiest sod , he is , and Paolini should DIE and quit now . `` May your swords stay nonexistant , just like your sanity , Paolini ! ''
 I think the biggest problem with this book is that it was published and edited by his parents . I admit I thought it was pretty bad , in fact it was some of the worst fantasy I have ever read . When a real editer would have helped this very weak writing come up to snuff , instead his parents went along with him .
 yes , yes i have.this book 's beautiful and unique art direction conceals its utter predictability and poor writing.not only are all of the author 's ideas borrowed , the story is extremely frustrating , featuring a - you guessed it - coming of age story of a precocious , hot-headed boy whose guardian is killed . ARGH ! it 's like harry potter without the literary magic.the protagonist is frequently described as intelligent by the other characters , but he is an idiot . his pet dragon is smarter than he is , and she is six months old.the book 's descriptions are mundane and unmoving . his mentor is Gandalf - complete with pipe , smoke circles , and magic . the main character 's motivation is shallow , and the book is peppered with weird existential musings that sharply contrast with his overall optimism . for example , `` look at that pretty brook . it would n't care if i lived or died . '' WHAT ?! lastly , whenever the author ca n't decide how to end a scene , he ambushes the protagonist , overwhelming him despite his house-sized dragon and apparent martial prowess , and knocks him out . literally , the kid has fainted or been concussed more times than i can count . fantasy or no , he should be brain-damaged . i understand , readers , that you like fantasy . me too , i 'm a big fantasy nerd . but really , do n't waste time or money . it 's not worth it . read something - anything - else .
 Now , I do n't really like fantasy novels . They 're all too clich&eacute; and obviously inspired/plagarized from Tolkein . I do n't really like Tolkein , either , but his style is very easily spotted in a book.I picked up Eragon because I heard that he wrote it between the ages of 15 and 19 , and knowing a teenager like me got something published must have meant it was actually good . And then I got through it . And then I came to this site to see if I was truly alone in my dislike . Hey , whaddya know , I 'm not!This book was a little like Super Bubble brand gum , the kind you get in your Halloween candy bucket . It 's super-sweet for the first 30 seconds , but immediately aftwerwards , it loses all traces of pleasant flavor . The first chapter was okay , a little sickening but okay , and then it all went downhill from here . -LRB- Especially with the introduction of that elven girl . I keep wanting to call her Arwen , but that 's not right . The name was really like Arwen but it was n't ... anyway , moving right along ... -RRB- It seemed like a 3-year-old 's retelling of Lord of the Rings . You know how they always describe in detail the unneeded parts , and then just kind of roughly go over the main points ? And when a 3-year-old tells a story he made up , he usually takes a lot of it from some other story he heard . That 's pretty much what Chris did . Except he 's not 3 , and he took most of it from Lord of the Rings . I know everyone else has said this but I ca n't emphasize it enough.Although , I will be nice in the fact that almost every fantasy novel has the same formula . Average person runs into something that will change his destiny forever , he 's like `` I do n't wan na be a hero '' and then he has to because the fate of the universe rests on his shoulders . Yadda yadda yadda.Pampered kid with publisher parents - check . Huge ego - check . Young age - check . Writes a very unedited novel - check . Clich&eacute; , predictable - check . Huge media attention factor - check.It 's the entire recipe of a mainstream fantasy in one pretty darn painful volume . To make matters more brain hurting , there 's going to be three of them . Oh , the humanity .
 I wo n't bother rehashing old arguments . Eragon is derivative and there 's nothing that can be done about that . I understand that fantasy usually is derivative . Star Wars and Lord of the Rings are also derivative of other sources . But what makes Eragon 's derivativeness worse than that of Star Wars and LOTR ? This book is dry . In SW and LOTR , there are interesting characters and action to mask the derivative elements . But Paolini says `` characters are born out of necessity '' . The story has no soul ; it has a plot but nothing else . That 's why the cliches are more obvious in Eragon than in others books .
 Hmm well i have been reading through the other reviews posted by fellow fiction readers . Hve you noticed that all the reviews entitled ` kids review ' have 5 star and similar comments ? Perhaps they have not read Lord Of The Rings ? Maybe not seen Star Wars . Or perhaps they are just yound and impressionable , but either way this book was a complete waste of my time . Which I could have spent reading something decent , perhaps His Dark Materials Trilogy . I only read this book to the end because my friend , who had read and enjoyed the book , pressed me too . Hoping the book would get better i finished it , up until the last page I found my eyes rolling into the back of my head , the book literaly sent me to sleep.Take my advice Mr Paolini , give up . Go to college get a job , and forget all about this bad , bad time in your life !
 While being 15 I expect to see people of this age group to write like this instead of wrtng liek dis lol lol . When I was 15 I was writing my own fiction that was truly non-borrowed -LRB- I 'm thinking the other reviewers thing 15 is YOUNG when it is NOT . -RRB- Thus , this book is utter plagarism ! From when the house gets ruined to the Obi-wan Kenobi Brom , it 's all there . I knew even before it was written , who Brom was . He was the Jedi master that had a dragon whose name was Saphira , yadda yadda . Thus knowing this I know who Eragon 's father is and that he might have a sister , etc. . If I was George Lucas , I would sue . There 's too much the same here for it NOT to be different.Also , Paolini ca n't seem to do a decent scene change without having the main character black out ! This is POOR choreography and could have been written better . Overall the structure of the time and the pacing reads like a fanfiction I see for Harry Potter or Sailor Moon.As for all the people who give it props for no reason , go out and READ more WATCH movies more . You 'll see that others have gone before . I 'm honestly NOT enthralled in the book , it 's like a train wreck though , you want to keep reading just tosee how much this guy DID rip off from the others .
 Fantasy is a difficult genre to work with because , at this point , nothing can really be spectacularly original anymore . However , fantasy writers can still be successful is they are skilled in either prose or storytelling . And there lies the problem with this book.Paolini , gifted though he might be , has not developped a great writing style or a gusto for plot . What makes writers like J.K. Rowling or Cornelia Funke so distinguished as fantasy writers is that they are able to take convention and make the most of them . Paolini , however , writes with a plodding hand that reminds of a bad high school short story and his plot seems like it 's been taped together from a collection of other work.If you 're not familiar with fantasy , then go ahead and read it . If you are , you 're not missing much .
 Reads like a particularly bad D&D module got sick on and threw up a junior thesaurus . The ratio of made-up words is high , the name of the king is a mishmash of the lead Decepticon from Transformers and ` dominatrix , ' words are n't used properly , and there 's a huge amount of redundant language . I realize this is the author 's first book , but does n't his publisher have editors ?
 Too start off , I want to make one thing clear
 I kind of liked this book at first . I mean , it was pretty exciting halfway through . But then I started to realize something ... This is exactly like the Lord of the Rings ! Almost every single aspect of this book can be compared to LOTR . Look at this : Eragon - AragornBrom - GandalfRa ` zac - Black RidersArya - ArwenAnd that 's only some of the things I recognised . I have n't seen that much Star Wars , but even I can see the whole Jedi thing going on here too . The book was well written and all but hardly any of it was original . Borrow from the library instead of buying this book .
 OK , Having just finished this book based on all the hype I 've been hearing . I see nothing to justify the hype about this book!The book is long on details and the pace of the story drags to the point of putting the reader to sleep . The fights , either with swords or magic spells are quick and end within 1 to 2 pages and then its back to long pointless details and prodding story telling . Like , who cares how it takes to make a dragon saddle or how it takes to walk 10 miles?The ` hero ' of the story Eragon doesnt seem to learn from his mistakes and continues to make the same type of mistakes over and over again every time he uses magic when fighting ! Plus the constant repeating of the fall of the dragon riders and the rise of the evil king gets boring after reading it for the 3rd or 6th time!I eagerly await the second or third printing of book 1 , as well as book 2 and hopefully the author will learn from his mistakes with book 1 and make book 2 a more interesting story.Change the settings and some of the charaters , pick up the pace of the story and you have a good sci-fi or star wars type of story here .
 Another in the long series of writers who would do single combat with Tolkien 's ghost in a vain effort to beat him at his own game ... A readable yarn , although it reads very much like a first novel written by a teenager with considerable parental editing assistance , which , as it happens , is exactly what it is . Sort of a swords-and-sorcery Mad Lib - the author selects McCaffrey 's rideable dragons , Tolkien 's elves , dwarves , and orcs -LRB- the latter under an assumed name , but they 're still orcs , no mistaking that -RRB- , magical powers , an evil king , a damsel in distress , swords -LRB- of course ! -RRB- , and then adds a hero coincidentally of about the same age and gender as the author himself , mixes them all together using a really motley assortment of standard fantasy place - and people-names , and there we have it , yet another offering in a genre which deserves better than this.Nonetheless , Mr. Paolini has done well for a teenager , and I would hope that the second and third books show improvement - the author may well cringe in later years when this work is mentioned .
 After hearing this book built up as the next coming of Tolkien , I was disappointed and disturbed to actually read it . It was like being invited to a party and told that there would be an amazing diamond on display , only to find cubic zirconia . There 's a little bit of sparkle here and there , but the sparkle is all easily recognizable as having been taken from elsewhere -- WHEEL OF TIME , DRAGONRIDERS , and , of course , LOTR . Etc. . It 's kind of disturbing that so many people seem to be fine with that . I presume that many do n't know because they have n't read Robert Jordan etc ? What 's good about this book is imitation , and what 's so-so and even boring about it is the way it 's written . Anyway , this is cubic zirconia being passed off as diamonds , and it is n't worth the hype it 's been getting .
 Okay ... keeping this short and simple . Same old reused tired plot . Writting could be alot better and the story could have been stitched together probably much better . Characters do not have a good balance with each other . Not really suspenseful since we 've all seen this story before -LRB- just with different characters -RRB- . BUT it 's a okay good book for kids to read if they really ca n't get into Lord of the Rings . I would say this would be a replacement book for kids that are around 10-16 who ca n't understand or get into Lord of the Rings .
 Paolini is a very talented author but the idea of his book is over-used . Oh my god , a kid finds a dragon and then must fight the forces of evil . That is so original . Paolini should stop wasting his time and write something worth reading . If you are looking for serious fantasy read Abarat . If you are into Sci-fi read Stars my Destination .
 Allow me a desperate cry when I say , `` When are we going to find a young writer who can actually WRITE ?? '' I had my hopes up for Paolini , but just like every single young writer I 've read so far , it drizzles down to just crap . -LRB- Mad props go only to S.E. Hinton and Mary Shelley , who are the lone proof that young writers could do anything . -RRB- Age should n't even be a factor in judging this book , actually . I should be able to read this book without knowing a THING about the author , and be able to come out of it saying that it was a good book . Period . And this was NOT , not by a long shot . The storyline could not possibly be more cliche . I am so tired of reading stale sword-and-magic fantasies that give the genre and Tolkien a bad name , more of his elves and dwarves and little heroes who just happen to have EVERYTHING going in their favor . More magical `` things '' to go on a quest for , for no apparent reason . More `` oh , my family was killed . bummer '' and `` oh , I must save the beautiful elven princess because she has absolutely nothing to do with anything ! '' This plot was a complete failure . There 's no cause and reaction , just a bunch of `` I have to do this because it 's my destiny '' drivel.The writing itself is n't anything overly impressive , either . I became irritated by the end of the prologue . As other reviewers have said , too many adverbs and avoidances of `` said '' , which is a sin for all writers except the grandmasters . The Shades speak in boring monotone , with overused phrases like '' -LSB- Insert command here -RSB- , or die . '' -LRB- What kind of villainous name is `` shade '' , anyway ? Gee , really original . -RRB- I do n't need to know that Eragon was angry , I need to be able to see in my head his facial reaction and deduce that he was angry . The theme is too shallow , the writing is too mediocre , and if it were n't for all the undeserved hype of this thing , I would 've left it in the bookstore.Not even considering the sequel . I 'd much rather delve into Storm Constantine 's trilogy or more Jacqueline Carey , who know what they 're doing .
 Wow -- this is a really bad book . It 's sloppily written , derivative , and just plain boring . I felt like I 'd read this book about 30 times before.Quick note for you folsk who are coming to Paolini 's defense about blatantly ripping off Tolkien . Tolkien took loose `` ideas '' from Norse/Scandinavian myth , such as Elves , Dwarves , etc. . He then imbued them with HIS OWN ORIGINAL racial characteristics , abilities , languages -LRB- yes -- often based on other languages -RRB- , etc. . Thwey became something they never had been before -- a sum that was greater than the parts it consisted of . These `` fantasy races '' have been copied all over the place , from the original Dungeons & Dragons game -LRB- does anyone actually play that anymore or did Magic kill it ? -RRB- to a slew of imitator novelists . What makes Chris Paolini 's book so patehtic is that he did n't even TRY to modify his races , and in some cases came up with ridiculous new names to try to mask his lack of creativity -LRB- such as his weak attempts at `` hiding '' orcs , Uruk-Hai , Nazgul , etc. -RRB- His races are a pale and transparent imitation of those found in Tolkien.Great authors like Tolkien take other ideas , mold and shape them , and make them their own . Pathetic authors like Paolini try to simply work with the clay droppings the masters have left on the floor . Following this analogy to its logical conclusion , Mr. Paolini ins n't a very good author and he sure as heck is a terrible potter . Save your money folks -- this book stinks .
 Ok , I picked it up because of the outrageous prices it commands in the collectors editions . Also my kid liked it . Well as an adult reading it , I was disappointed . I have n't been able to force myself to finish it . If there is a story here , I have n't found it and I 'm 1/3 the way through it.For me the things that bug me about the book , besides the flat characters , is the mistakes in basic things like making a saddle , or riding horses , or fighting with a sword or hunting with a bow . It 's clear that the author has never looked close at or done any of them . That someone shows up early with a cool sword and he lets the Dragon carry it . I mean come-on ! What teenage boy would let this out of his sight ? Yes he knows that he 's no good with it yet but to not want to carry it ???? And his mentor keeps saying stupid stuff like `` I 'll tell you when you need to know '' . Lame . Tell me now , I just asked . If I thought I was n't ready to hear I would n't have asked.So as they plod through the wilderness looking for evil do-ers who are way more prepared than they are , to bushwhack them as their only chance , I do n't really care anymore.Oh Yeah , people who live off the land do n't notice a huge dragon suddenly living in the forest next to them ... Arrggg!Well the author is young . Maybe Vol 2 or 3 will be better . -LRB- As a reference I 've enjoyed the Harry Potter series , all but book 5 . -RRB-
 I 'm getting sick and tired of large corporations making tons of money by lying to people . The truth is , Chris Paolini was 19 when this was published yet this publishers trying to make a whole lot more money by keeping you thinking he 's a kid . He is in fact 22 years old at this time . It 's really sad when you think about it , but greed is a terrible thing . Buying this book will not help the matter . I really hope you will do yourself a favor and not read this book .
 I believe that my title says it all but I will add a little more . If you have read this book you might have noticed that the main charactor , Eragon , is knocked out during all but one battle scene . From this I conclude that the author is a wimp and is too frightened to write out the details of a battle . Do n't read this book and read the Tolkien books instead .
 This is a hoax ! This book was not written by a fifteen year old boy ! There are things about writing a good book that take years to get just right that no teenager would know . Plus , Christopher 's father just happened to be in the publishing business , which tells me that he is the one that wrote it.I 'm sure Christopher is old enough now to write his own books , so go ahead and read the later editions with confidence ! Until then , try reading Adventures With Boys 5 Dragons Versus Dinosaurs !
 If you love a good story , if you like to be surprised and awed , if you like conflict and resolution , love and sacrifice , battle and redemption ; if you love stories about warriors , dragons , magic , wizened old masters who are secretive and noble , then you need to to read , no , you have to read `` The Lord of the Rings '' or go see `` Star Wars . `` If , on the other hand , you like the meanderings of teenage writer 's envy , if you like recycled characters , improbable suspensions of belief , the complete breakdown of logic and physical science , inept villians , plot concepts you can see coming a mile away , uninteresting characters and teenage angst , then by all means , read `` Eragon '' . It is almost phenomenal that this passed a publisher 's eyes . I realize the kid is a teenager but did he have to throw every single plot device ever invented into the story ? Did he have to preface every action with his own thoughts and questions ? If he took three years to edit it , what in the world did it look like in the rough draft ? I hazard to guess .
 I like to think I have read a lot of books in my day , and the most important thing to keep in mind when reading something is know the context of what is being written , make no mistake , this book was written for people too immature to read Harry Potter . The plot and characters are underdeveloped . The whole thing is a huge Tolkien ripoff -LRB- but so is most Fantasy -RRB- . This book is for first time fantasy readers who are 8 to 12 . But before reading this i would recomend reading Harry Potter and the Wheel Of Time so you have and idea of what good Fantasy is.i will admit it was entertaining but anyone who gives this 5 stars needs to read a Game of Thrones by George RR Martin and know what quality fantasy is . This is not quality , it is some kid trying to scrape money together to pay for college and taking the easy way out without making his book worth reading .
 Poorly written cross of Pern , Middle Earth , and all the rest . You 'll find yourself stumbling over tedious descriptions and unneccessary dialog tags trying to read a story that you feel you 're read before ... This is , quite frankly , the kind of writing you find in online fan fiction .
 Need I say more ? I dived into this book eagerly expecting epic tales in proportion to its length , and all I got was cliched , ripoff -LRB- Star Wars , anyone ? -RRB- vaguely entertaining stuff.There is no graceful writing here , folks . Nope , it 's not reminiscent of Tolkien . Rather , it conspicuously reeks of the plotline from Star Wars -LRB- I could make a loong , long , list of rip-offed plotlines , scenes , characters , etc. -RRB- which continues into Eldest.While the author manages to keep our attention from sliding off most of the time by inserting a dragon here , an orkish creature there , some swords , etc. , must of the time I am stunned by the stoicism , the awkward and heaving writing -LRB- does it feel like to anyone else that Paolini wrote this with a thesaurus by his side ? -RRB- The uneven flow and the tedious one-dimensional characters , especially that irksome Eragon is enough to make anyone cry . `` Hey , he was seventeen , give him a break , '' you guys argue . You know what ? There are a great deal of 17-year-old writers with vastly more impressive material , with greater depth . Just look at a few annual Scholastic Writing winners . Apparently their only shortcomings are no publisher-parents or an attractive book cover . Look at others near his age - from S.E. Hinton to Jane Austen , overall , Paolini 's work is tolerable but certainly does not deserve all this hype or fame.I advise him to read some more literature , go to college , take some classes and buff up his skills , and come back with a little less atrociously prominent plagiarizing and better writing skills .
 I 'm going to be honest from the get-go
 I found the quality of writing in Eragon to be lacking , and the moral code less than adequate . I was disappointed , because the plot was engrossing , and Paolini showed potential skill . Many of the sideplots were predictable to the point where I could n't tell if they were examples of a new style of writing that showed how low the bestsellers have stooped , or if they were just holes in his `` quality writing skills '' . His writing was strong in the beginning of the book , but it slackened off towards the middle part.As for the low moral code
 There are two ways to make a best seller novel . First one is this
 Come on ! Each and everyone of us who loved Anne McCaffrey 's Dragonriders of Pern , Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings and Steven KIng 's Dark Tower has one time or another WISHED he/she could write something like that . Mostly in our teens . And thats what happened to Paolini . But most of us understand what a cheap copy of plagiarism this would be . I am just very dissapointed that while the rest of us try to come up with something unique to add to the fantasy genre , some immature wisegyus get to make money out of what everyone could do ... cheaply copy out great works of art and shame them in doing so!I just wonder how much he paid Anne McCaffrey to have permition to write about Dragon-Riders and something very similar to a Weyr , while everyone else is threatened with a law-suit by even mentioning the above.Ps
 I know , I know . I 'm supossed to `` suspend disbelief '' when I read fantasy and I really tried for this book . But suspension of disbelief can only go so far . I ca n't believe that Eragon can fight so well with broken ribs or that he can become a master swordsman in a few months . Nor can I believe that Saphira can be so wise and motherly when she spent the past few centuries in an eggshell . It 's these impossibilities that make the characters seem unreal and kill any connection I could have felt for them .
 Like many , our family bought this book and the next based on the glowing reviews of the many readers . Unfortunately , we were in for quite a shock as these are the most unimaginative , poorly written books ever published . At Borders where I returned all four books we purchased -LRB- 2 copies of Eragon and 2 of Eldest -RRB- , there was a pile of returned copies of Eldest behind the counter . I was in fact unable to get a refund , instead I got store credit on a gift card.Eragon is an uninspiring story chock full of tired , overused characters . The prose is unimaginative , very wordy , and fails miserably on all levels . Each characters talks just like every other character . I do n't know why everyone said this book was so good . My kids are in tears . Thanks a lot Chris Paolini for ruining our last week of summer break !
 If you 're smart enough to know how to read , this book is not worth your time.A man from an old order of knights goes bad , kills all the other knights and forms an Empire . A few years later a farmboy gets a message from a princess who 's been captured by said empire and decides to save her . He manages to find one of the last knights from the old order who then trains him . Oh , and by the way the kid is one of the special people who has a special power . Ends up that when he 's done with his training his parents are dead . Later on that old knight dies to save his life . He goes on to find a rebel base . You 'd think I 'm describing Star Wars , right?No . Sadly , I 'm describing this book . Replace the force with dragons and the scenery with the Lord of the Rings landscape and you have a theft of a classic in action -- and poorly done theft at that . There 's no emotion for the characters . It feels exactly how it would if a child wrote a story after watching Star Wars and Lord of the Rings.Truth is that a teen did write it , but that is NO excuse for the poor makeup of this story . If you 're interested in a good book , keep looking . I had to force myself to finish this , and I 'm sorry I did .
 The exposition of our story begins with a princess fleeing the servants of the evil empire . She has in her possession something that could change the tide of war in favor of the rebel alliance of which she is a member . She is captured by one of the most powerful dark servants of the emperor but not before she is able to send the item toward a former a general and old powerful magician type guy who is a former member of the rebel alliance , the item is however encountered by our young hero . Young hero meets old wizard general and is taught new magical type powers and also how to use an interesting glowing sword . The set off on an adventure together to save everyone from the empire but tragically Young Hero 's mentor the wise old wizard type guy is killed leaving Young Hero 's training unfinished . Meanwhile the powerful dark servant of the empire tries to discover the secret location of the rebel base by torturing the Princess but her mind proves too strong for his probing . Fortunately , the Young Hero and his plays by his own rules scoundrel of a friend save the Princess from prison and the empire 's clutches and escape with her to the rebel base . Unfortunately , this is just in time for a massive attack on the secret base of the rebel alliance that could be their end . Again fortunately , Young Hero saves the day with a little bit of luck and deals the empire a crushing defeat . Hooray.Now what story is this ? If you said Star Wars Episode I , your wrong . It 's Eragon .
 I agree with most of the other reviewers who have given this book a poor rating . Yes , it is impressive that the author wrote the book at such an early age . As it stands , though , the book is little more than a -LRB- very -RRB- rough draft . It is also very derivative and unintentionally humorous , as other reviewers have noted . The narrative structure is generally poor , as are also some of the author 's techniques
 Good things first , since I feel like being generous and caring . This book has its issues , yes , but here are someone things to help your decision on why to buy this book . After all , we are n't here to debate if Eragon should have been published or not.Good item number one
 For those who are in a hurry , here is a brief summary of the plot of Eragon
 Okay , this story has been told at least a hundred times and the writing is downright flat and unimaginative . Do not confuse this with what real fantasy should be . Try George R. R. Martin , Tad Williams or Robin Hobbs to name a few of the fantasy masters that can tell a story with originality and readability . This book had nothing to motivate me to finish it or even care how it ends . A good fantasy book should be a treat to read and should draw you into the story wishing it would never end . This book does not . My advice to Mr. Paolini
 Eragon has two things going for it :1 -RRB- The cover . Come on , ya got ta admit that it 's pretty , right ? 2 -RRB- The plural of `` Galbatorix '' is `` Galbatorices '' .
 Finally the truth about Eragon is out , it 's terrible ! As far as a Paolini Haters club , I do n't think there is one , but there probably should be dozens of them . My friends hate this book . I hate this book . We hate it for the same reason it 's really really really really really really bad . Sometimes the truth hurts but it 's good so many people have finally realized Eragon sucks !
 I am a high school sophomore and I tried reading Eragon this year after many of my friends highly recommended it , and one asked to borrow the copy my parents had given me much earlier . Despite the praise , I was sorely disappointed.Any time spent reading Eragon is time better spent doing almost anything else . The flaws in it are characterized by the fact that it was written by a teenage boy . The writing , for example , in additional to being horrid , puts on tremendous airs -LSB- like teenage boys , often -RSB- ; the text is littered with questionable usages of large , obscure words . The passages in which Paolini tries to give his book some deeper meaning are painful to read , because of the irrelevance and , frankly , the stupidity of the `` moral issues '' he tries to address ; it is clear that some passages were inserted solely for the purpose of trying to make the book `` deep '' -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- . As people have said , every character , every situation , and every aspect of the book are copied inexpertly from existing , exponentially better works of fantasy/science fiction . His ` acknowledgements ' at the end were irritatingly insolent , with the author thanking everyone he knew and who helped him publish his book , even thanking his characters , and specifically neglecting to acknowledge all of the plot twists , characters , settings , and other ideas , blatantly stolen from more experienced fantasy authors . Everything the author tries to imitate is seen in Eragon in despicable , half-hearted shadow . The languages Paolini creates are clearly a gimmick to amuse Tolkein fans , not created out of a genuine love of linguistics as were those of the latter master author.At times the plot was action-packed enough to keep one engrossed in reading , but that was just frustrating to me , since it obligated me to keep reading this awful book in order to find out what happened . Looking back on it , however , all of the characters were so bland and distant that it 's hard for me to believe that I actually cared what happened to them.Still , I would not even recommend the book to people who would only care about the plot . The plot of the book was not worth the time spent reading 500 pages . The storyline had a consistent , irritating pattern
 * sighs * I do n't understand why everyone seems to like this book . Many reviewers praise ` Eragon ' because the author wrote it when he was 15 . Big deal . Personally , I would treat Paolini like any other author . If an older author had written this , they would 've gotten much lower reviews . `` Buy hey ! This guys just a kid ! Ordinary rules do n't apply to him ! `` This book was very annoying in places . Paolini gives you monstrous details and descriptions of unimportant parts of the story , but does n't once describe the main character 's appearance . I think Paolini attempted to make Eragon modeled after himself . Sad.The stereotypes in ` Eragon ' are obvious to a good reader . The main character is a Dragon-Rider , and somehow manages to become a master swordsman , wizard , and hero in about 5 pages . He enjoys drinking , whining , and often cries and faints . I find it astonishing that Eragon managed to trick the very evil and intelligent ` Shade ' , when he does n't even know how to read.Kids may enjoy this book , because it is easy to read , but I do n't recomend it to anyone over 11 . If you have any idea what a great fantasy book really is , and have read Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings , you will simply hate this book for lack of originality , an over-used plot , and many grammer errors . If Tolkien was still living , I seriously doubt he would appreciate wannabe authors ripping off his ideas.I 'd probably give this book negative-1zillion stars , but sadly , a ` zillion ' is not a real number . But I shall make it a real number NOW !! A ` zillion ' is now ten-million trillions , and a ` gazillion ' is a trillion-zillions . LOL -LRB- quote from ` Napalm and Silly Putty ' -RRB-
 Fans of Eregon just have n't experienced a wonderous and grasping bookI 've been an avid bookworm since the age of 10 years old , and enjoy many fantasy or historical fiction settings.For this reason I picked up this book and read it through . Without a sequel to turn through , I read through of the Harry Potter and forgot all about this book . This year , I came back to the sequel , Eldest , and could n't force myself past two chapters before I became bored and returned it.What am I saying ? To be to the point : - The book is great if you have n't experienced the genius of Rowling or require books that are lower on the intellectual scale.-I immediately missed the wide and strong vocabulary and structure of the Harry Potter series , Stephen King 's masterpieces and the like.-After reading good books , I could n't make myself read this one .
 I was looking forward to this after being told by a few people how great it was . Three of those were my own teenage kids , and the other was someone who has n't read much Fantasy . I even waited until the third one came out before starting , so that I could go through the whole series.Unfortunately , after forcing myself to finish the first book , I wo n't be bothering with the rest . As others have said , it is very same-ish to a lot of much-better books out there . The writing is good for a 15 year old , I suppose , but nothing special . In fact it is a little tedious . At the end of the book , I could n't even bring myself to have any empathy for any of the characters . I did n't especially like Eragon , or Saphira -LRB- who I found very dull -RRB- . And the villains are n't especially noteworthy either . Worse is that there was n't a single original idea in the book . It really was a chore to read.Sorry . I wanted to like it .
 Of all the many reviews on this book , it needs to be restated that the main plot line looks like a fantasy reworking of Star Wars . Rent the first Star Wars movie -LRB- 1977 -RRB- , and then read this book . You will see that the plot lines follow each other very closely . There are some who wondered if the story was plagiarized almost straight from Star Wars . I was not impressed with the story or author .
 Well , not really . I hate the book for all the classic reasons .1 . Ripoffs , of course2 . I 've seen better character development in Garfield3 . The Old Language words sound like the gibberish that someone would make up when they 're losing at Scrabble .4 . Dialogue sucks . You can tell Paolini would sit and stare at the computer for long moments , trying to figure out what to say next .5 . Too many chapters involve Eragon losing consciousness . The almighty Dragon Rider has never finished a fight ! 6 . Eragon learns about swordsmanship and magic too quickly . Saphira becomes mature too quickly .7 . I 'd go on , but I 've got ta go . C YA !
 AHHH , after reading the Dying Earth by Jack Vance is n't this a letdown !!! My grandma gave this to me on my 13th birthday , and i 've barely finished half and it 's about time i 've finally gotten rid of this dumb thing . The characterizations are bad , the plot tedious and the whole book can be summarized sitting in the middle of an ocean listening to doldrums and eels nip out your eyes .
 I should have checked the reviews before buying based on a friend 's recommendation . The ratings skew high , but all the most-helpful reviews are one or two stars
 Have you ever read `` The Lord of the Rings '' ? Have you ever seen `` Star Wars '' ? If yes , then you 've basically encountered better-made versions of this book . Stick with them .
 I was really looking forward to reading this book because of the good reviews . Sometimes I have to ignore bad reviews because most every book has them . Well this book was a huge disappointment . The use of a thesaurus is so obvious that it makes me feel embarrassed . If you 've ever seen that episode of `` Friends '' when Joey writes a recommendation letter for Monica and Chandler to adopt a baby , and every single word in his letter came from the thesaurus , THAT is was I was reminded of reading Eragon LOL . Besides that , the characters are worthless and the story is just not interesting at all . And like everyone else has said , none of it is original . There 's no need to explain it all since it has been done plenty of times here . I just had to review it to give it 1 star .
 Readers of established fantasy can skip this one , as mentioned in other reviews . As an introduction to the genre , I 'd much rather see a new reader steered in the direction of an established author , as this series would be a mediocre start.I first intended to review Eragon without having read the second book , but it became necessary as the second book is significantly different from , and better than , the first . My unorthodox suggestion is for you to skip Eragon and go right to Eldest - the summary of Eragon at the beginning of Eldest is much better than wading through the book itself , and you can always go back later and read it to find out about the Brom character and the hatching of Saphira if you are still interested by the end of Eldest.Having said that , here is my review of Eragon . My personal taste in fantasy is for a well-crafted epic and/or really new and different fantasy worlds peopled by interesting races , and at least one unforgettable character . I find Eragon to be an odd book to review ; ultimately I approached it from two angles - that of a regular fantasy novel/start of a trilogy , and as the debut product of a very young author . From the fantasy viewpoint , it is an adequate but not original or memorable story , and readers of Tolkien , LeGuin , and Anne McCaffrey 's dragon series will not find any surprises in the types of creatures or concepts that make up Alagaesia . However , this is an admirable first effort for a teenager who clearly possesses enthusiasm for his topic and a formidable vocabulary . At times it seems as if he 's being paid to write by the word and wants to show how many he knows ; but in this age of crumbling literacy I have to applaud his interest in writing and the English language . His author 's note at the end is as interesting as the body of the book , as it gives you a nice glimpse of the mind/personality behind the narration . I would rate the effort a 4 out of 5 but the originality and execution of the story a 1 of 5 , so I gave it two stars.My main two main problems are the lack of originality , and the character of Eragon . He is a little too good , too fast , at everything he learns or attempts , becoming the equal of , or surpassing , the best practitioners of swordsmanship and magic in the land - much to the stunned and profuse admiration of whoever is handy . That he is intended to be special is clear , but there 's no particular aura of humility , craftiness or nobility that clings to him , and his rapid progress from poor illiterate farm boy to heroic prodigy is just a little too convenient . He does n't even have much of a personality beyond being a cocky average teenager . If this is supposed to be part of his ultimate growth as a character , the author gives no hint that we are to take Eragon 's exploits with a grain of salt and wait for him to grow up . By the end of the book he has avoided any sort of major character-forming hardship and gone right to being the center of everyone 's hopes and attention , and after about half a year of time and at age 16 , is apparently master of everything he touches . Aside from the mystery of Eragon 's parentage -LRB- which will no doubt turn out to be impressive -RRB- , the author attempts to justify Eragon 's talents by explaining that those who become dragon riders are automatically better at everything than everyone else , but it does n't really hold water.I also wish for a little more personality and a distinctly different/alien thought process from Saphira , who most of the time sounds like an indulgent human mother . She jumps incoherently between the wisdom of dragon race memory , caring protector and uppity teenager.The most intriguing character is Murtagh , and I look forward to his development . There are also strong characters among the Varda and Dwarves -LRB- Ajihad , Nesuada , Orik and Hrothgar in particular -RRB- who seem to have something to offer . I am hoping that Arya has a lot more dimension to be revealed , because at this point she just seems to be a generic strong , beautiful , fey elf maiden . We 're told she is very important but for now I 'm not quite quaking in her presence.The first 200 pages introduce the world of Alagaesia and the characters . Facts presented for the reader 's benefit , and justification for decisions made , are divulged by a lot of awkward , methodical dialogue that slows down the narrative . After this , the action picks up and moves along . The long tedium of a carefully explained cross-country trek , with all hell exploding loose at the eleventh hour of the story is a bit jarring , and once again , Eragon 's feats at the end of the book are just beyond belief . If one reads the first chapter of Eldest which is provided at the end of the book , the author somewhat back-peddles and deconstructs the prodigious achievement by indicating that it was accomplished `` partly by luck '' . I had high expectations of Eragon , given the handsome presentation of the hardcover books and the outcry of fans about how bad the movie was -LRB- I have avoided seeing it until I could read it first -RRB- . After reading the book , I have to conclude that either the movie was truly a disaster , or the fans were over-protective of the material.In a nutshell , if you are wavering on whether or not to read this book , see if the library has a copy before you buy it .
 This book was one of the the most unoriginal pieces of fiction I have ever read . Granted , it 's pretty long great for a 17 yr . old , but it pales in comparison against the originals . About 1.3 way into reading this , I was wondering if I was reading a kid proof version of LOTR with dragons mixed in for fun.This book had the potential to be great , but it fell flat . The movie could have given the book some positives as well , but it was worse than the book and that 's saying something.I know that if I tried to write an epic adventure story , I would n't be able to . At least mine would have better grammar and word choice.This book also bothered me because he made no effort to make the writing interesting . I like reading about the character 's reactions and emotions . That improves the story vastly . I 'd rather have chraracters that are alive in a bad plot instead of flat characters in an unoriginal story .
 I recently bought the audio book version of this book as I like to knit or quilt while I listen . I love well-written books , and Dorothy Dunnett 's Lymond Chronicles have long been a favorite , though unavailable as audiobooks . Having listened to `` The Lord of the Rings , '' each Harry Potter book , the Ian Rankin `` Inspector Rebus '' mysteries , the Elizabeth George `` Inspector Lynley '' mysteries , and `` Jonathan Strange and Mr. Norrell '' -LRB- by Susanna Clarke -RRB- as audiobooks too many times to count , I thought I 'd try something new - Eragon . My sister raved about Eragon , and she was the person who convinced me to give Harry Potter a try several years ago . But in this case , I was very underwhelmed by the story and the writing . I listened to the first CD last night and I was so bored . When I listen to or read the writing of Dunnett , Tolkien , Rowling , Rankin , George , and Clarke , I feel they own the world they have created and I trust them to tell their stories in the best way possible . But Eragon is very hard to listen to - it feels very derivative , unoriginal . I am determined to plow on , but I predict that `` Jonathan Strange ... '' will be back in the CD player soon .
 Ugh ... What can I say ? The plotline is cliched and boring , the writing is n't memorable in the least , and yes , a lot of it is borrowed from other series.I think a lot of people give Eragon a good rating simply because the author is young -- or at least , this influences their review . To tell the truth , I 've seen 12-year-olds that write stories that are much more captivating and well-written , and original . They just never get 'em published , which is why a lot of adults are surprised to see a book with ` such good writing for someone his age ' -- they do n't have enough basis for comparison.I do n't want to sound like I 'M being biased because of Paolini 's young age , either -LRB- I 'm several years younger than him , actually -- 13 -RRB- :-RRB- . Truly , it would n't make a difference if he was 5 or 50 to me . A bad book is a bad book ... And , well , Eragon is a bad book.I did n't enjoy reading it at all .
 This book is really just formula fantasy . There is nothing really new or original in this book . The language is stilted at times and forced . Similes are often `` off . '' The book is `` unrealistic '' at times - and by that I mean given its own frame of reference . For example , Eragon becomes a world class swordsman in a couple of months ?! Saphira is depicted as a powerful dragon and displays this at times , yet can not carry 3 people ?! There are other little errors as well that just show the superficiality of the book ; for example , the weather is described as cloudy then moments later , they are viewing the stars for navigation . Eragon himself is a superficial character
 If anything positive can be said about this book is that it might be okay for young readers who 've never read Tolkien , or seen Star Wars , or played any Dungeons and Dragons . Well , maybe I take that back . This book should n't be recommended to anyone , really.I had a lot of problems with it , the biggest one being that the whole story is nothing but a huge rip off of every fantasy/sci-fi epic imaginable . Secondly , the writing style is sloppy , and you can tell Poalini probably had a thesaurus in one hand as he was throwing this thing together . You have to respect Paolini a little , because it 's obvious he 's well read , and he did make a great effort to write a book at such an early age . But let 's be honest , it 's crap . I did some creative writing myself as a young teenager and was pretty excited about the stuff I wrote . Then a couple years later I reread it and realized it was all crap . It was so crappy that I trashed it all . Paolini should 've given himself a couple of years before trying to publish Eragon . I 'm sure once he matures as a writer and gains more experience , he 'll be capable of more original and creative work . Until then , pass this one by .
 I 've read hundreds of fantasy books and this is definitely the worst I 've had the misfortune to read . Instead of reading this poorly conceived knock-off , I recommend that young readers check out Anne McCaffrey 's Dragonsong trilogy , Ursula Le Guin 's Earthsea series , Lloyd Alexander 's Chronicles of Prydain series , Susan Cooper 's The Dark is Rising series , or if you like SciFi , Orson Scott Card 's Ender 's Game series.I found Eragon to be a simplistic reworking of stories/themes . It is sad that the publisher 's of the 21st century are playing it `` safe '' , like most modern entertainment , and giving us nothing new . I was surprised that Anne McCaffrey endorsed this book . She writes `` pulp fiction '' fantasy too , but hers is much better . He even takes the name `` Eragon '' , which is very similar to a character in her book , The Skies of Pern , named Erragon.I 've never returned a book for my money back , so this was a first .
 Back when this book first started getting attention , my grandparents bought it for me -LRB- 7-8 years ago now ? I ca n't remember honestly -RRB- . They knew I loved to read and that fantasy was one of the many genres I was interested in . I was n't planning on getting this book myself but since they had already bought it for me I gave it a shot.Unfortunately I found it rather boring . One of the biggest drawbacks for me was the poor dialogue . Awkward dialogue really snaps me out of the ` reality ' of a story . It is just one thing that really hinders my reading experience . On top of that , I saw too many obvious parts of the story `` borrowed '' from other authors/stories as opposed to recognizing influence from.As far as the plot , it may have been something I would have enjoyed when I was much younger ; It was very obvious that this book was aimed at someone much younger than myself . Just a little too predictable and because of that I did n't get very involved or interested in the individual characters . They felt a little `` flat '' and just existed to be a certain archetype for the story . It really felt like something many of my friends would have written in HS.I will note that it was n't until later that I learned the author was so young . For his age , not a bad effort . Unfortunately , when I am rating a product , I only care about the quality of the product and not whether it was good for an author of that age.As far as readership audience , for an adult this is a 1 star in my opinion but for a pre-teen reader this might be a 2-3 so I just chose a 2 overall .
 I , for one , was incredibly disappointed with this book . Let me start by saying that I love Fantasy novels , while I 'm no nerd , they 're fun to read . And not to mention the fact that this book was written when Paolini was just 15 is pretty cool , although I did take that into effect . Now I 'm sorry if this is a TL ; DR review , but there 's so much wrong with this book that it 's hard to condense into a short review . I read this long before the movie came out -LRB- and take into effect - the movie was not much better -RRB- . Everybody was telling me that this book was the next best thing since sliced bread . So I read it . And WHOA , I was shocked at all the good press it was getting . This book is ridiculous . It 's so over the top it 's almost a parody of books of its kind . It 's almost like a 500 page fanfiction . For one , he may only have been 15 at the time of writing . But that does not excuse the poor writing.Sometimes , Paolini will say something , take one word from it and then use a sentence that 's totally pointless and irrelevant . It 's distracting and extremely retarded . I 've read Harry Potter fanfictions that are much better written than this garbage . Also , the battle scenes are poorly written . THey look like they written by an 8 year old . And Typos ! Do n't forget the bloody typos either . This book is full of them . And my `` hair blowing in the wind '' count went up to 50 before I gave up counting . As others have mentioned , Paolini rips off several sources , most notably LOTR and The Wheel of Time Books , despite WoT not being well written either -LRB- except at least the first three books were good -RRB- . Paolini seems to have watched the LOTR movies countless times for the dialogue . And this book is so SLOOOOOOW !!!! And you thought the Twilight and Dexter books were slow . No , this one is way slower . The action hardly happens at all . Everything is so wrong with this book . And the characters are even more facepalm inducing . Eragon is pretty much a whiny emo for most of the book , Brom is annoying and full of himself . The rest ... ugh.Now I know you fanboys/girls will flame my review for hating this book . `` He was only 15 '' is no excuse , no matter how old he is should not justify how bad this book is . `` He was INSPIRED , not ripping off '' is a bad excuse either . This book is a ripoff of every fantasy book ever written . So go ahead and flame me for hating this garbage , but be warned , it 's not like I 'll care .
 Eragon seemed like a good idea that the author cheated on to make it happen . What I mean is what everyone else is saying ... he just used remnants from other , better books to attempt to fuel his own . I do n't care how old he is either , this kind of writing never should have gotten past the editors . Speaking of which ... why DID they let it past them?I read the first chapter and was completely bored with it . That said , I decided to give it a chance because some books have rough starts and then turn into gems later . So by some miracle I got myself up to chapter 23 but that 's as far as I got . I just could n't take it anymore because it was n't getting better and things were getting MORE cliche and cheesy.I suppose if I was a kid -LRB- who did n't know much about literature in general -RRB- and this was my first fantasy novel I might have enjoyed it a lot . So I can see how there are kids that enjoy this book but as an adult I feel like it 's a travesty of modern fantasy.In conclusion , if you 're a parent and have a child who can read this book , they might enjoy it -LRB- though they would be better off reading The Hobbit instead -RRB- . If you 're an adult looking for a good fantasy novel , this is NOT it .
 Do n't get me wrong ; I think it 's totally admirable that a teenager could write an entire book . Lord knows I 've started about a gajillion novels , and have yet to get beyond page 10 , tops.That being said , this just is n't a good book . It starts off strong , yes . But the rest of the book feels distinctly unpolished . While I 'd normally encourage a young author to let their imagination run wild as they write , Paolini took it to the point of things in the book just not feeling real -LRB- a multi-ton ruby encased in a mountain which is encased in another mountain ? Really ? -RRB- . Characters are introduced , new plot lines are opened up , and then they 're all immediately forgotten about . There are so many loose ends in this book it 's like a plate of spaghetti.Instead , why not read ` Lord of the Rings ' ? About 90 % of ` Eragon ' seems to have been stolen from Tolkien anyway , including , for instance , the map at the beginning of the book and the language of the dwarves.I think if you 're maybe age eleven or younger , then this book could fly . However , if you 've read novels before , and are put off by poor writing style , then this book will make you grind your teeth .
 I first read this book after a bunch of hype in Middle school and rather liked it . The thing that bothered me about this book was that is was a bit `` over-seasoned , '' and it seemed like Paolini was full of himself . Anybody who gives this book such high shining praise needs to take a second look . I do take note that a lot of reviewers who gave this book five stars have read many other fantasy books , and if they enjoyed it , its fine ... But for thoughs who have NOT read a large collection of fantasy series need to set this series down and leave it alone to expand their horizons . This series -LRB- which are now four books in total -RRB- is a pure rip-off . Its your typical sugar-sweet package of `` good-against-evil , '' with Star Wars , Dragonriders of Pern and the Lord of the Rings mixed in , along with Paolini 's own little twist . It makes me a bit angry that he so boldly took these elements and tried to create a masterpiece , which was a good effort , but not a winner in my opinion.Paolini has a lot of imagination and I praise him for that . But the way how he goes into detail , his choice of grammar and his little `` language , '' going on just does n't cut-it . Its quite obvious at first read that this was written by a teenager , and not an adult with a bunch of experience backing him/her up . Whoever praises Eragon as the greatest fantasy author on the face of the planet is naive , and apparently had n't read other great works of fantasy and or green to the genre.There are so many other books out there that are greater than Eragon , -LRB- such as my personal favorite The Symphony of Ages by Elizabeth Haydon -RRB- so if you are looking for another good series to read and take my advice , try something like The Lost Journals of Ven Polypheme , or at least some Dragonlance . For thoughs of you over the age of 13 , try reading the SOA series or even some McCaffrey . Do n't just stick with Paolini .
 I actually re-read this , and almost reached the end without realising I 'd already read it a year or so before . It 's that memorable.It `` borrows '' heavily from several well-known fantasy authors ' work , with little -LRB- if any -RRB- original content , and the sources are painfully evident throughout . Although it 's readable , the writing is shallow and immature . This is n't surprising , considering the author 's age . Yes , it 's impressive that he finished it , but that does n't mean it automatically deserved to be published , let along adapted into a movie . Avoid .
 500 pages ? It 's no wonder how they were able to cut it into a 100 minute movie . The only semi exciting thing that ever happened was when the dragon hatched . It was also a rip-off of Lord of the Rings . Urgals were like Orcs . Raz ` zac were like Ringwraiths . Brom was like Gandalf . Arya was like Arwen . Murtagh was like Aragorn . Galbatorix was like Sauron . And Eragon was like Frodo -LRB- except stupid -RRB- . So if you 're looking for an exciting and original read . Look elsewhere .
 Eragon 's got too many `` tacked on '' parts . For example , when Angela 's explaining shades , she says `` it 's the most unholy magic ... EXCEPT NECROMANCY '' Where did the mention of necromancy come from ? It is completely off topic . It 's as if Paolini mentioned it simply for the sake of mentioning it.Another problem is the slave trade . Paolini tries to make it seem cruel , but the slave trade has no real part in the story . It exists for no reason other than making the Empire more dislikable.Too much of this book feels perfunctory , as if Paolini added it in simply because he thought he was supposed to .
 I 'm not going to go into detail about how Eragon is a rip-off of a hundred better fantasy novels , or how craptastic the writing is , because it 's been said enough already . I will say that if I was judging this purely as a novel standing on its own , without considering the age of the writer , I 'd have given it one star . It really should not have been published , but Paolini is fortunate enough to have parents in the publishing business , and I ca n't really blame him for seizing the opportunity.I give it the extra star for potential . Paolini shows glimmers of some natural writing ability when he is n't trying too hard to sound like Tolkien . There are a few really good moments scattered throughout the pretentious dialogue and stale narrative which came out of nowhere and impressed me . If he takes some classes and irons out some of his bad habits , finds a competent editor , and gains about ten years more life experience and normal social interaction , he might produce something worth being mentioned in the same breath as McCaffrey and Tolkien .
 After reading Eragon and then Dragonquills review of the book , I must say , I could n't have put it better myself ! For young adults , very young , those who prehaps are n't as familiar with Lord fo the Rings , or Dragonrider , this may be an enjoyable experience but for me and let 's just say I 'm well over 25 years of age , blatant rip-offs are the only reason I read the book . Just to see how much of it was , well , was n't ripped off . And there was very little that was truly original . My only reason for posting this review is that I have read articles that compare Eragon and Eldest to Harry Potter !!! Blasphemy ! JK Rowling has created a truly unique reading experience with her HP series . An experience for all ages , whether the reader is or is not familiar with the likes of Tolkien and other such authors . I realize everyone is entitled to their own opinion and the above review is mine . All I asked is that writers , authors , critics stop comparing Eragon to the HP series . It 's simply disrespectful .
 Shallow characters , uninteresting story , and an unoriginal fantasy land fail to sate my sense of wonder . It 's like so many previous reviewers said , its all been done before and Chris has just stapled all these mediocre fantasy staples into one humdrum conglomerate of nothingness . Kind of what Stephen King did in the Dark Tower -LRB- Adams , Baum -RRB- only at least King can write !!!!!!!!! Anyway do n't bother with this steaming pile of sentence fragments and embellished adverbs . If you want a GOOD young adults fantasy saga check out Philip Athans `` His Dark Materials '' , contrary to this you WONT be disappointed
 Okay , I know this book was written by a teenager and , yes , it 's a pretty great accomplishment for a kid to write something that long and intricate . But if you just read the book for the book , it 's so boring and long and chock full of endless , pointless description that nothing ever happens ! I like some action in my fantasy novels , people!I was so bored and unenchanted I did n't finish it . And I can only say that about two other books I 've read in my life . And I 've read alot .
 Paolini obviously took a lot of this book from The Lord of the Rings . Tolkien created a masterpiece fifty years ago , but copies do n't cut it . Tolkien was Tolkien , but the way Paolini writes Paolini is Tolkien . As far as teen writers go , this book was all right , but like the other reviews say
 considering all the hype this book is AMAZINGLY bad . Unoriginal and badly repped off prose . the only good parts are imitative and taken from other better authors . the bad parts are just bad
 When you get down to the core of it , Dragon Quill 's review is nothing but an unending stream of insults . Anytime a reviewer finds something about the book that needs improvement , she abandons constructive thought and hides behind the useless ad hominem of `` U R just jealous !!!!!! `` And there is , of course , the unavoidable issue of ripoffs , which she handles with the same intelligence -LRB- giggle , snort -RRB- and rationality -LRB- yeah , right -RRB-
 I 'm afraid it wo n't be long before we realize who Mister Paolini truly is . A hack , a scoundrel and a fanfiction writer who has gone way overboard . My true beef with the book was n't stylistically , aesthetically , or phonetically -LRB- albeit it did n't score much at all on those counts -RRB- . No ... what damns the writer -LRB- and the book -RRB- is its slapped around , preconceived ideas that can be better had from the original sources whence they came . The old school writers , Fritz Leiber , Anne McCaffrey , J.R.R. Tolkein , Mervyn Peake , Mallory ... Anything but this insufferable rubbish ...
 I read this book because of all the press it was getting
 I 'm 11 yrs old , and the first time I read this book , I was mildly impressed . It sounds like the author had talent , and people really did think the story was awesome , but if he just edited and critisized himself , Eragon could be a lot better . However , its true , there were too many copies from McCaffery and Tolkein and so many others it could hardly be called original.Really , though , Eragon was pretty good . It flowed unevenly , but not to the point where you could n't understand it . Characterization , however , was awful . Eragon behaved nothing like the 15 yr old person I expected him to be . Some chapters he was arrogant , others humble , and sometimes painfully cheesy -LRB- like where he complements Murtagh on his skill with a sword . CHEESY ! -RRB- . And Eragon was just plain unlikeable . Brom was plain stupid . I hated him . He seemed to feel every sort of emotion in one chapter , then became the Gandalf-like teacher who was boringly patient . Arya was pitiful . She 's unconsious the time where we could have gotten to know her , then she 's nearly arrogant when she beats Eragon . That was the only time I actually was on the side of Eragon . Saphira was funny , witty , and sassy . I liked the dragon ; somehow , this is the only character I find cool . Murtagh is boring , not being given enough speaking parts . Angela and her werecat were interesting , but not cool . There was also a girl near the end who was a good lead character , I forgot her name . She and Arya should have switched and the girl get more pages.There were a lot of ripped-off names , which you can find in various reviews . Isenmere , Isengard ? That 's a bit too much imitation . And is it Eragon-Aragorn , or Eragon-Dragon ? Plus , the orc/urgal relationship might have been a fluke , but it went against the author . Arya is a bit like Arwen , but I think that was just a similar name.Now the important stuff
 This is a horrible . Do not waste your time . It is contrived to the point of being not interesting and adds nothing to the breadth of fantasy literature or even childrens literature.It is difficult to read as you feel the writer struggling with the thesearus button on his computer.Mr . Paolini may be a writer one day , but this one should not have been published and will plauge him throughout his professional career
 Funny how if you do n't agree with the minority who are hyping this book you are some kind of monster . The real monster is this book . I ca n't for the life of me see why anyone would say this is a good book . And yeppers do my little brother was crying too with great disappointment after spending his monthly allowance on them books . Me I was just mad as heck . It is a total waste of time . Not worth it .
 Do n't you worry , it 's just Christopher Paolini stealing the work of Tolkien and Mcafferey and managing to call it his own.I was really looking forward to reading this book . A friend had recomended it to me and said it was worth my time ... Oh what a dissapointment . As I read the first pages I found myself asking how did this guy get publsihed ? There 's got ta be some sort of marketing genius behind this . Of course , I did n't know of Paolini 's age . Sure he started when he was 15 years old , big deal . If I 'm forking out 20 bucks for his book , the only thing I care about is quality . Age is not an excuse for plagerism . I 'll cut him a break on the writing style itself . As a matter of fact , it was n't completely terrible . For a young man , Paolini definitely has some writing skills , I just wished he would use them to craft something original . The plot reads a lot like LOTR dumbed down for anybody with ADHD , -LRB- myself included -RRB- who does n't have the time or patience to think while reading . It felt as though Paolini had taken some Tokien , some Mcafferey and and a lot of Star Wars and put them all in one giant blender and pushed the `` ripped off bestseller button . '' I could find absolutely nothing original in the book ; nothing ! Do n't get me wrong I understand authors borrow from tradition and other authors . Tolkien did it plenty with Norse mythology . However great authors take that and change it into something new and different . Paolini does not . Everything in his book is borrowed and done much worse then his predecessors . Brom the `` story teller '' reads a lot like he one a Gandalf look a like contest and let it get to his head . Saphira the Dragon becomes some worldy scholar in a matter of months fromh er birth . It 's ridiculous.The character development was some of the worst I have ever read . Each character was cliche and one dimensional . Eragon , the so called hero of the novel , is nothing more then a whining brat who feels sorry for himself . He starts off as a punk , he ends as a punk . Gim me a break.As for the cliches of the book , do n't even let me start . At one point a man tells Eragon , `` May your swords stay sharp . '' Umm ok ... that 's kind of the point of a sword . But thank you for that inspiring advice because I believe Eragon was going to bludgeon his enemies to death with the hilt of his blade . O and what a suprise ! A hero saves a young woman in distress and then saves the world!AS for the writing , it was n't completely horrible , -LRB- although ti was n't good -RRB- . Paolini shows some potential and that 's why he gets two stars . With some originality , Paolini could have hope . Until then I consider hima thief , a clumsy thief at that who trashes great authors ' work . Tolkien is probably rollin over in his grave right now ...
 I do n't need to write about it 's similiarities with all the other books -LRB- LOTR , C.S Lewis , even the Dark Tower Series -RRB- . I will say that this book was a total snooze alert.I thought about how I should write this review . Is it fair to compare this author who is so young with all the other great authors as to give a realistic review of this book ? The answer of course is YES!If you look at it as a pretty good book written by a 15 year old , then your rating will be much higher . The problem I have is if you are a published writer and are receiving cash for your efforts , then you will have to write much better book then this . It reads like it was written by a 15 year old . In fact , I pulled out some of my stories that I wrote when I was around this age , and found that mine read almost exactly the same , complete with bad grammar , erratic plot movement and awkward character development.I hate to be so harsh on this book , but I want to make sure that anyone who reads it , does not get any false impressions . This book was recommended to me by someone who reads a lot and has never let me down . He knows I like pretty much any decent fantasy series and my standards are not all that high . This book did not meet even my low standards for a decent fantasy novel.If I was a kid around this authors age , I would think this book was amazing . Not because of it 's content , but because it was written by someone around my age , and is a big FU to the adult world . Fortunatley , I 'm not and think that any adult who reads will find this story a little tough to read through.Here 's the Breakdown :1 . If you go into this book thinking , `` Ahh , it was written by a 15 year old kid . I 'm going to cut him some slack . '' , and if you have not read really any other fantasy series , especially Tolkien or Lewis ; you will think that this book is pretty good . If you are under 16 , and have not really read any other major fantasy series , you will think that this is the holy grail of fantasy books , and crush all who oppose your view .2 . If you are a hard core Tolkien or Fantasy reader , you will find this book to be a cheap imitation of any fantasy book you have read before . It draws on way too many elements from these series , and feels like you 're proofreading a high school english paper . I happen to fall into this category.On a postive note , I think that the next book in this series will be much better . I also think that we can expect much better things from this young author . You can see his vision and he does have some very good ideas . I am excited to see is next project .
 The current marketing ploy gaining favor amongst publishers these days is the old `` a teenage wrote this book '' trick . Books like `` The Secret of the Stones '' , `` Please Do n't Kill the Freshmen '' , and `` Eragon '' , have all hit the heights that they have because their authors are so doggone young . Of the three I 've just mentioned , `` Eragon '' is universally acknowledged to be the best written . A fantasy of epic proportions I continually found myself cooing over writing styles and plot points that were remarkably well thought out for a fifteen year old . Then I realized what I was doing . What if I had n't been aware of the author 's age ? What if , instead , I had just picked this book off of the shelf and read it without any prior knowledge of the hype surrounding this first novel ? So I am going to pay Christopher Paolini a dubious honor . Rather than review this book as if I was writing some dumbed down version of what I was actually thinking , I 'm going to treat Mr. Paolini as I would a real author . Criticism intact . `` Eragon '' is the tale of a boy and his dragon . Living in a mythical land named Alagaesia , we meet our hero . Eragon is fifteen going on sixteen and an excellent hunter . Living with his uncle and cousin , one day he stumbles across a beautiful large blue stone . It is n't long afterwards that he discovers that the stone is actually a dragon 's egg , and the creature inside comes out to befriend him . Named Saphira , the two become inseparable , and Eragon finds himself in the middle of a centuries long conflict . The dragon Riders have long since disappeared , but Eragon 's appearance means that there may be hope in defeating the evil King Galbatorix who rules Alagaesia with an iron hand . Along the way Eragon befriends swordsmen , saves an elf from prison , and battles an evil being called a Shade.This is definitely somewhere we 've been before . That would be all right , though , if it did n't have so many other problems . For one thing , there are some literary conceits here that I thought we 'd moved past . Let 's examine the role of women in this book . Every male character in this tale is ready and willing -LRB- if stout hearted and true -RRB- to fight . Women , however , or generally weak . When evil monsters threaten a hidden land , the women and children are taken away . We do have two that remain to fight , but they 're definitely not the norm . Then there 's the fact that no character in this story is allowed to have a living/breathing mother . If you 're under the age of 30 , it 's ten to one that your mother probably abandoned you or died when you were little . Finally there 's the small matter of names . Now I 'm sorry , but do n't you consider it the slightest bit confusing that Eragon fights the Ra ` zac with Zar ` roc ? Just move the letters around for a little while.So the ideas are a little weak . And the writing itself ? How well does the author weave a plot for children ? In many ways , his writing is adept . If Paolini excels at anything , it 's description . Just read this
 I do n't mean to add salt to the wounds -LRB- if you do n't know which wounds I am referring to , continue searching through these reviews -RRB- but this book is a sad representation of literature . Many argue that if a book can get kids to read than it ca n't be bad , but the truth of the matter is books like this should result in legal action rather than video game licensing and movie deals.I struggled to find a single original idea in this entire work , that 's right there is not even one . What 's worse is the presentation of the stolen ideas does n't come close to the quality of the originals from which it steals.I agree with what others have said in that the biggest tragedy is that there are dozens of authors out there who have struggled to come up with original fantasy novels that have gone unnoticed by the masses . This is a sad exercise in the power of money when it comes to promotion . Let 's face it , anyone with even a rudimentary grasp of the English language coupled with a near limitless parental budget and a head full of borrowed ideas should be able to duplicate this novel 's efforts.Finally to everyone who insists that all fantasy is a rehash of prior concepts , I say simply this
 `` It appeared the information given was correct ... OR WAS IT A TRAP ? `` Who writes like that ? I 'm 19 years old , and an author myself , and I am embarassed that people are acting like Paolini is on par with Tolkien just because he 's young . I can write circles around him , and so can so many people I know.Eragon is an embarassment to the world of Fantasy . It is nowhere near Lord of the Rings , nowhere near Dragonlance.And by the way , Eragon is a direct rip-off of an old , old video game for the SNES called Final Fantasy Mystic Quest . It is plagiarism .
 Thats right , `` A New Hope '' from Star Wars . Paolini did little more than copy the plotline of Star Wars exactly . He is also the only one I know who uses 7,000 synonems for said . This is amatuer work . This book is not up to the game . Poor and overrated . Two thumbs down and one star .
 That this book got published is simply baffling to me . It 's not only poorly written , it 's just not any GOOD !! I 've read Star Wars fan-fiction on the internet that 's millions of times more original and interesting than this pile of slosh . HOW did this ever getp ublished ? PLEASE !!!!! SOMEONE TELL ME !!!! Oh , wait ... this is the country that worships such `` entertainment '' as Survivor , The View and `` Everyone Loves Raymond '' ... standards died in this country a long time ago.GAG .
 It 's true that there is n't much of anything in this book for a girl to relate to . Aside from it being repetition of other fantasys by better authorwAs a girl I like for there to be at least one character I can relate to at least a little bit . This book did nothing for me and most of the time it was intensely boring . I kept expecting it to get better but it never did .
 The author of this book clearly needs to go back to 9th grade English . This book came highly recommended , but I was unable to get past the first chapter as I was continually distracted by punctuation errors . Commas appeared in the oddest places , and did not appear in the places where they should have been . And am I the only person left who remembers the semi-colon ? I understand the author is `` only seventeen '' . I assumed his editor would be older and better educated . Perhaps I was wrong in this assumption .
 My cousin offered me this book , saying it was much like David Eddings , Lord of the Rings , and Harry Potter all rolled into one story . Okay . The fact was , this book was exactly that . The plot was clearly a patchwork of influences , from Star Wars to Eddings to Tolkien . A farmboy with a destiny who lost his parents flees his little village with a storyteller who is n't all he appears ... sound familiar ? Somehow in the span of a few chapters , he becomes a blade master and magician . The magic is a copy , and even the scene where he releases his gift -LRB- with the blue fire -RRB- is n't original -LRB- see Queen of Sorcery -RRB- . The only real difference from any story that I 've read is that this boy has a dragon , who he is mentally linked to , he being a `` Rider . '' The story itself plods along , and it seems that Eragon blacks out at the end of every chapter . Saphira was a little amusing , but only a little . The non-human races are Tolkien copies , with boisterous dwarves and the almost-divine elves . Some of the plot lines are a little unbelievable , even for a fantasy . Arya emerges from a coma after weeks of dying by slow poison , and in one night is fit enough to duel Eragon ? Please ! Hopefully book two will make up for this a little more , but honestly , I think I can already figure out the connection between Eragon and Murtagh , so I wo n't be keeping my fingers crossed .
 The item is not at all recommended if you want what the image shows that is the deluxe edition of Eragon . It is the normal edition . I thought it would be the deluxe edition , but it was not .
 amazon has this great feature where you can select all the one star reviews . i did and was gratified by all the creative nd the original ways people said what amounts to the same thing.unlike the author of eragon the readers are creative and interesting . yeah the book has a greeat cover but that has nothing whatsoever to do with whats inside . you have to be really young or have lived in a cave to miss the fact that paolini copied and copied . plus he just does n't have what it takes yet to write a good book . the hype is kinda difficult to believe on this one . a waste of money and a waste of time pretty much sums it up .
 I 'm not surprised a teenager wrote this book . The book was very cliche and the plot and characters have been seen in countless fantasy novels published before . The romance was weak the the danger so brooding as to be dull . Avoid this work .
 Now , remember that I 'm not a person to step down from any fantasy , but this book basically stunk ! -LRB- really bad ! -RRB- I 'm glad that somebody else realized how this is basically an imitation of the Lord of the Rings and other famous fantasies . All of my friends love Eragon but have n't read The LOTRS or any other famous works . I was forced to read this by a `` friend '' that loved it . I thought it was `` OK '' , but when I started the second book , I put it down after 5 chapters or so . The author basically copied lines from the LOTRS . Is n't that ileagal !? I threw that book at my friend . I 'm afriad to see the movie because it could be a remake of the LOTRs movie . The author is making money off of ideas that the great authors of past worked so hard to accomplish . I think I 'll check back to this author in maybe 60 years when he 's learned how to create his own ideas . -LRB- And it 's not only because he was 17 when he wrote it , I 've read books by 13yr olds that were published that are better than this . Like in the Forests of the Night and Demon in My View . -RRB- He only got this book published because his parents were publishers .
 the only redeeming factor about the whole `` inheritance '' saga is that it was written by a 15 year old ! original ideas of various literary greats have been plagirised without a thought . i am surprised that no legal action has been taken by such writers or their representatives against mr. paolini.ps . gets 1 star because amazon wont let me write the review without rating the book and this is the least number of stars .
 This book is a rip off the famous Star Wars Saga . I cant stand it . It also borrows a few ideas from the Dragon Riders of Pern and Lord of the Rings . It may have been an enjoyable read but still pathetic .
 OK ... it wasnt THAT bad but it was sooooooooo boring . i had to force myself to get through it . i usually love big books but not when theyre boring . i felt it was predictable and there just was n't anything special about it.like i could put it down and forget about it , which is unusual for me . i have no interest in reading a sequal either.all in all i was really disapointed .
 First of all I 'd like to congratulate Mr. Paulini on publishing a book at the age of 19 . That is an incredible feat , which would be more remarkable if the ideas portrayed in the story had n't already been used . Sure the captivating story of a young boy who is lost in the world and is just trying to figure out his place is interesting , but the interest tends to fade about the one-thousandth time you read it . The other flaw that I found in the book was the familiar characters from J.R.R. Tolkein 's Lord of the Rings Trilogy-The elf with mysterious powers-the dwarves that tunnel underground-The monstrous creation of a seemingly unbeatable army and the familiarity of names such as , Arya and Arwen , Eragon and Aragorn , Urgals and Orcs . I also observed a dash of Harry Potter magic between the pages . I hold a love for Fantasy novels , but just because it is catagorized as a fantasy does n't mean it has to include elves dwarves , magic , and dragons - I think the tires on that wagon are running thin -LRB- the extreme length of the story did n't help either -RRB- . I look for a fantasy novel that invents new ideas and new creatures for the mind to explore , that it why I rated this book as a TWO . I also like a novel that can keep my attention for the entirety which Eragon also lacked to do . So I would only reccomend this book to someone who really enjoys the same old thing , all you other adventurers look for your entertainment elsewhere .
 when you pick up this book you do get a pretty good story ... but you quickly feel like like you 've read this story before . it 's an impressive story for a young man , but it lacks hard work and originality ... like he took the ideas of better writers , combined them , and then called them his own . when i was new to books like this eragon seemed very impressive , but with a better developed taste and appreciation for good and original stories this book has become more and more distasteful.this book may be a decent starting point for young readers but as the series go on the increase of violence , the decline of eragon ' a likability , and the increasing sense that this is nothing more than glorified plagiarism makes this book become less and less decent for any reader
 Ok it was pretty derivative , although I admit I never clued in on the Star Wars similarities until I read some reviews . And the writing was pretty pedestrian . But I did enjoy it and that has to count for something . A good introduction to the genre for young readers ? yeah I think so .
 It is possible to work within a genre and follow it 's conventions and still be original . It 's possible to emulate the greats without recycling their ideas into thinly disguised , poorly drawn copies . Many fantasy writers have done this , but Paolini has not . Other reviewers have pointed out the specific instances of literary grand-larceny -LRB- and there are a lot -RRB- so I wo n't do that here . I will just say that I enjoyed the first few pages of Eragon before becoming first amused , then annoyed , then incredulous at how badly written this book is , and how full of others ' ideas . Some reviewers have noted that this novel might be good for readers too young for Tolkein , but I disagree . This book could well spoil Tolkein for those readers . It 's almost like reading a condensed version written by a hack without skill or integrity . Or , as another reviewer noted , like mediocre fan fiction . I award the book one star partly because I have to , but also because it has been a treasure trove of errors to point out to my children . It is also a very good example of plagiarism . The adult critics who have failed to pan this book should be ashamed . Young people deserve good literature , or at least honest trash . This is neither .
 The premise of this story is very alluring . A young , seemingly , ordinary boy stumbles upon a beautiful stone that turns out to be his destiny . I am a big fan of fantasy and there was a lot of hype surrounding this book . The fact that the writer was a teenager when he penned it does bring a certain amount of admiration . Unfortunatly , as others have been quick to point out , it borrows from other better novels of this genre . Perhaps I would be willing to overlook even that if it had not been for the blandness of the story . The reader is n't intimatly introduced to Eragon . We are n't held witness to his likes and dislikes . There is just zero character develoment . How are we supposed to care about what happens to them if they are one dimensional and bland?This is one of the few books I just could n't finish . I have roughly four chapters left . I knew there was a big problem when I found myself skipping ahead and just wanting to finish . It would be interesting to know if the writing improves in the later books . Sadly , I can say that I wo n't be finding out .
 Eragon 's story is basically a Star Wars narrative set in a Tolkien fantasy world , while ripping off other fantasy elements from other works -LRB- and I 'm only a very casual fantasy reader -RRB- . Indeed , Eragon is so lacking in originality that it is remarkably predictable ; I ended up predicting almost all the plot twists , including the end of book two - before I even finished book one -LRB- just add the Star Wars like narrative with Eragon 's accurate , not-ambiguous-enough Prophecy scene and you can figure out the rest -RRB- . Eragon 's success lies partly with its hype but mostly with the public 's -LRB- mostly the youngsters -RRB- apetite for fantasy , which has escalated thanks to Harry Potter and the Lord of the Rings films.While many may think Eragon is impressive for a 19 year old , it really is n't once you 're aware of the multitude of teen fantasy nerds writing their own fantasy epics - two of my friends are among them , and you can find their works on the internet -LRB- granted , most of them are utter garbage , but the better works are as bad as Eragon -RRB- . The only reason Eragon got published while being so unpolished is because his parents own a publishing company.All in all , Eragon is n't terrible , just lengthy , mildly entertaining fluff for those who like anything fantasy and have time to kill .
 I picked this up for a nice break after reading quite a bit of informative non-fiction , knowing that a children 's phenomenon would probably be a fun read . And I have absolutely no bias against the children 's section ; I love it , and think Harry Potter needs to be on the regular best-seller lists . Unfortunately , this one disappoints . Ugh . I struggled to finish.If you think this is a great read , then congratulations on finding the fantasy genre . You can definitely find better , everywhere . I do n't mind the lack of originality that most people harp on . At least the tried-and-true plotlines make the story move -LRB- thus two stars -RRB- . But the dialogue sounds like people talk in essay format . I get that Paolini is young , so let 's wait until he learns to write and then praise him . After all , youth is n't a literary quality ; it 's an excuse for lack thereof .
 Ok , I 'm not quick to jump on the bandwagon for anything ; which is why after hearing of the criticism of Eragon , I still decided to give it a go . However , the simillarities between this book and the first `` Star Wars '' film were so blatantly obvious , it was hard to come to any other conclusion , other than that Christopher Paolini has realised that , with a little plagiarism , he can cash in on the market with no real thought or imagination required.So , if no one has noticed the quite unmissable simillarities between Star Wars and Eragon , I thought I 'd spell a few out for you . Eragon is a simple farm boy , living in a remote village with his uncle -LRB- Wait , did n't luke skywalker do that ? -RRB- . There is a cruel empire that Luke , OOOPS , Eragon and his people dispise -LRB- Same in Star Wars , was n't it ? -RRB- . Then , a curious old man arrives on the scene , and teaches Eragon all kinds of secrets that will help conquer the empire -LRB- Okay , in star wars it was about Jedi forces , in this it was about dragons , but the same idea , right ? -RRB- . When Eragon discovers a dragon in his village , the empire are quick to react , and one day whan Eragon is away with his dragon , he finds that the empire have murdered his uncle -LRB- Same in star wars , was it not ? -RRB- . Seeing that he has nothing left to stay for , Eragon and his dragon go on a magical journey with the curious old man to defeat the empire . ` Nough said.So , no original story line ; in regards to other issues , the book is very well written , with some quite momorable dialogue -LRB- EG `` The mind is man 's last sanctuary . '' -RRB- Character development is existant as well , although the bond between Eragon and Brom -LRB- old man -RRB- is all to familiar if you 've heard of Frodo and Gandalf . The Dragon , Saphire is a very likeable character , and she is described in a way that makes her quite believable . But for me , there are too many cliches in this book to keep me entertained ; if you are looking for effective teen fantasy with a deep meaning , I would reccomend David Clements Davies 's `` The Sight '' . While this book may keep young children entertained with large monsters and action packed battles , a reader of fantasy and Sci Fi greats will , after Fifty pages , have `` I 've heard all this before '' ringing in their heads for the remainder of the book .
 This story steals from many classics . I suppose it is n't an exact ripoff but the similarities between this and other classics such as Star Wars , Lord of the Rings and so on are so pitifully obvious . I read this to my kids and certainly they enjoyed it , not recognizing the plots , ideas and so on . I also do n't think it was well written , there is never any doubt that Eragon will make it and be just fine . The dialogue is pretty bad.I can only give it two stars and that 's because the kids did like it . Taken for what it is , a kids book , it is okay but just barely . It 's the plagiarism that is so obvious and sickening . I think he made enough changes for it all to be legal , but it is still pretty pathetic.Kids read this instead : The Hobbit
 For a 16 year old author , this is an excellent beginning . Given time and experience I am sure Paolini will be someone to watch . However , there is a lack of maturity to the style of this novel which leaves its characters flat and often not very interesting . The main character too often follows advice because someone else `` says so . '' As a reader , it is too easy see where the story is headed , who the good/bad guys are and how each conflict is going to be resolved . Eragon , the main character , trusts those who give him advice , and that advice is generally always sound . There is little true suspense and the story is absolutely linear . `` Go here , do this , see so and so , get next quest , do it , etc. . ''
 Was really looking forward to this , but am disappointed . Have been trying to finish it off and on for about six months but it never pulls me in.The writing plods and the storylines are derivative ... not much original here.It 's inoffensive -- and certainly not awful -- but nothing special . I imagine that the marketing prospects due to the author 's young age drove the acquisition of this title by its publisher .
 I give Paolini props for writing a long and relatively complex book at such a young age and his love of fantasy stories come through , but all he really does is steal and assemble concepts from better stories . An exiled mentor -LRB- Star Wars -RRB- , Dragon/rider imprinting -LRB- Dragonriders of Pern -RRB- , Elves -LRB- Lord of the Rings -RRB- , Magic -LRB- The Wizard of Earthsea -RRB- are among several I can think of . Other than his one concept that a person should always make up their own mind , which I appreciated , I think he overall failed to add a different perspective , or unique vision to the realm of fantasy.What I find ironic is the indignance of reviewers who complain about the movie 's failure in retelling the story . I will save the remaining books and the DVD for the library .
 I 'm surprised that nobody was ever told to use the force .
 I found Eragon to be a very basic , bare-bones fantasy story . The way I see it , the basic structure of a fantasy plot is like a skeleton and it is the author 's job to give those bones flesh . However , Paolini failed to do this and his book is the perfect example of a stereotypical fantasy . It seems as if Paolini was writing Eragon the way he thought it SHOULD be written rather than letting himself write his own story . This book might be useful as a first-timer 's introduction to fantasy but as an actual work of literature , it 's just not good .
 Not , however , a great novel . It 's quality stuff that I 'd expect to read on an Internet forum somewhere , but I 'm unhappy that I paid money for it in book form.If I wanted to read Tolkien 's and LeGuin 's stories , I would have gone straight to their books . If I wanted to read an impressive book from a teenage author , I 'd have opened up `` The Neon Bible '' by John Kennedy Toole again . `` Eragon '' is n't the first choice in any of these categories , though.I admire the young writer for his discipline in pumping out books of such length . My second star is for that talent . It 's a sign that he has a long writing career ahead of him . Like other reviewers have said , I 'll check him out again in a decade or so when he starts writing his own things instead of fan-fiction paeans to his favorite writers .
 Eragon was entertaining enough , but that 's the only thing it 's got going for it . It 's not the kind of book that people will remember for years . It 's just the book you 'd pull out of your backpack if you have some spare time at school.Eragon was okay , but it has no `` soul . '' What I 'm saying is that there 's nothing to make Eragon into a unique , individual book . It 's just a combination of different books . I saw more Tokien , McCaffrey , and LeGuin than Paolini in this book . There is nothing of Paolini 's own ideas in Eragon .
 I tried to finish this book . I really did . But , as a lover of books , I decided that this story was not for me . The author is obviously an amateur , and would do very well in a high school English class . However , his home-school background shows through the flaking veneer of this unrelatable book . His sentence structure is amazingly halted , unable to flow like a quality piece of literature . Making my attempt to read this book all the less enjoyable is the author 's precocious vocabulary , needless proper names and jargon , and endless simile and metaphor that fills the pages . This book is less than the quality literature that I would expect from Knoph Publishers and is merely a lengthy oddity , not an odyssey , written by a young but hardly gifted author.Robert Goodhue Woodruff
 I had bought this book after hearing all the reviews that praised the young author for his work , and I sat down , eager to read what Mr. Paolini had written.As soon as I got to the end of the first page , I inadvertantly cringed . There , the descriptions of the characters/species introduced seemed painfully familiar - I 'd just re-read the splendid works of J.R.R. Tolkien in preparation for the release of Return of the King , and seeing characters that seemed almost exactly like Tolkien 's characters in another story did n't impress upon me as a fantastic way to start the book . But I decided that I could just chalk it down to the fact that Mr. Paolini has simply been largely influenced by Tolkien . So I continued through the book , but by the time I 'd made it to the tenth page , I still had n't been as enthralled by the book as I have by other young authors -LRB- most notably by Amelia Atwater-Rhodes , whose works have also been acclaimed , whose latest - Hawksong - I would recommend . If you read the rest of her books , you will see the progression her writing has made throughout the years . -RRB- . I struggled with Mr. Paolini 's writing -LRB- which is very rare , as I 've been a voracious reader from a young age , and from the classics to more contemporary works , I can absorb anything , as long as it 's well written and engaging -RRB- , which for some reason struck me as stiff and artificial.Regardless , I will try to finish this book , and from several interviews I 've read about Mr. Paolini , he seems to be a very intelligent young man who I just think needs to find the words and let it flow . I 'm hoping his next story in this trilogy , Eldest , will display a growth in his writing style , as when he wrote Eragon , he was 15 and might 've been too focused on being proper.I hope to see better works from him - he might be a promising writer .
 Well I have been waiting a couple of months to receive this book . and have yet to do so . I am hopping I can contact the seller soon so I can finally get it . But we 'll just have to see . Very disappointed in not getting this book yet : -LRB-
 I came lately to this book having resisted buying it for years even though I have a weakness for stories about dragons.From the first chapter I saw , Merlin and Arthur , Obi Wan and Anniken and Gandolf and Fodor.Gil ` ead reminded me of Gilead of Stephen King 's THE DARK TOWER series.I agree with another reviewer that if an adult had written this book it would have been rejected out of hand as a conglomeration of the works of other authors with out the polish and style of the originals.I do like Saphira -LRB- I said I have a weakness for dragons -RRB- and I would n't mind having her by my side . She is wiser than Eragon and more intersting.Also because the original cover art showed the title as Eragon and then showed a dragon 's head , I keep forgetting that Eragon is not the dragon 's name , but the name of the uber-youth . By the way , I am way way over the age of 13 .
 I 'd heard so much hype about this book and its sequels that I finally decided to give it a go . I wo n't say that I 'm disappointed , exactly , but it definitely does n't live up to the publicity.Yes , a seventeen year old wrote it and while that 's admirable , it most definitely reads like the work of a teenager , derivative and unoriginal . It 's rehash of so many other fantasy novels out there , all the clich&eacute;s are present and accounted for
 Enough with the Lord of the Rings comparisons ... we realize that already . Eragon might be similar to Aragorn , but Paolini did easily explain that off as being Dragon except with E on the front . I can take that . And some of the similarities may be there if I look hard enough , but many of us are willing to turn a blind eye on that part . Let him copy -- it 's his first book after all ... The problem with this , however , is the fact that most of it tells , rather than shows . Most of Eragorn 's ` story ' revolves around the past , of which people seem to like telling to him while he sat and asked questions , while his actual ` adventure ' involves him going from one place to another and sometimes getting into things which he ultimately gets himself out of by being the best magician/swordfighter/something , nothing more . Brom seemed to have spoilt Eragon a bit too much . To make matters worse , all this ` telling ' makes the story seem bland and mediocre at its best . Murtagh 's past , for instance , was told to Eragorn in another one of these storytelling events . Where 's the suspense?Then there 's Saphira . Anyone else have problems with her being this perfect , pristine creature that just popped out of nowhere ? She 's a BABY , for Chrissakes , and yet she talks like she 's been around for hundreds of years . Paolini spoilt the best part of his novel by rushing through Saphira 's growth and making her an adult when she should be younger than Eragon and learning more about the world than he does . I do n't buy that , `` Dragons are wise and that 's the end of it , '' crap . I could have cared for Saphira that way , I really would have . Rather , she becomes like this talking , perfect Lassie.The writer was fifteen when he STARTED this . Started , I would like to point out . He could have very well polished this up in the past few years before he published it . Plots can be rehashed over and over and we would n't tire of them -LRB- admit it , we wo n't -RRB- IF the writer knows how to handle his works well . Unfortunately , Eragon tried to fly , but only fell flat against the cliff . It 's still an okay read , but I 've read fan fiction better than this . This is n't worth publishing . Good for a first-time novel , but first-time novels should be a writer 's stepping stone , not his ticket to fame ...
 Mix together equal parts `` Star Wars '' and J.R.R. Tolkien , then add a generous helping of Anne McCaffrey 's dragon-riders and a few random shreds of Garth Nix for good measure.Obviously originality is not Christopher Paolini 's strong suit , and it shows in his fantasy debut `` Eragon , '' which was penned in his tender teenage years . It swims in fantasy cliches and stilted dialogue , but there 's a certain awkward charm in Paolini 's fantasy world . The biggest problem is , simply put , Paolini 's cardboard cutout of a self-insert hero , Eragon.The titular character is lucky enough to stumble across a strange blue stone while hunting on the Spine . After failing to sell it , Eragon finds that it 's actually a dragon egg , and the baby blue dragon inside selects him to hatch for and remain with forever . All the Dragon Riders were killed off by Evil King Galbatorix long ago , except for the weird old recluse Brom , who becomes Eragon 's mentor.And Luke , I am your father ... wait , wrong story.When Galbatorix 's men destroy Eragon 's home and family , Brom and Eragon flee to find the mysterious rebels known as the Varden . But Eragon 's dreams are being haunted by the beautiful elf Arya , and the little band sets out to save her . Eragon and his dragon Saphira learn many things -- and make new allies -- the journey to the Varden brings them a terrible -LRB- and totally predictable -RRB- loss , and leads them to Eragon 's first battle.Lofty elves , humble farm boys , ghastly goblinesque creatures , mystical women , special swords , evil tyrants who are evil because they just are , evil minions , wise mentors , and telepathic dragons in a variety of colors . Christopher Paolini never met a fantasy cliche that he did n't like . And as a result , `` Eragon '' is dripping with Tolkien and Lucas-style trappings , right down to the hero 's suspiciously Tolkienian name.Paolini paints these typical sword-and-sorcery stories with rather stilted but promising prose . `` Eragon '' has some raw rookie potential , and you can detect Paolini 's enthusiasm as he explores his invented fantasy land , much the way many other teenagers have done after reading high fantasy and yearning to explore their own made-up worlds . There 's just not much that is new or unique about this story , although Paolini throws in some attempted humorous quirks like a weird fortune-teller . The biggest problem with Paolini 's writing is that Eragon is portrayed as a noble , brave , compassionate soul with a brilliant destiny ahead of him . Well , frankly he shows no nobility , bravery or compassion , and the many characters who gasp in admiration of him does not make him any more impressive . He 's a glaring self-insert , with all the dimension of a cardboard standee , and about as sendearing.The supporting characters are not much better -- Brom is too brief a character to make much of an impact , and he seems to exist mainly to get Our Hero up to snuff in information and ability . And the love interest Arya is glorified only for her otherworldly beauty ... which is all she has . Eragon 's adoration of her seems unfounded , because er personality is chilly at best , snotty and autocratic at worst.Christopher Paolini 's `` Eragon '' is pretty much what you 'd expect of a teenage boy 's fantasy novel -- plenty of Lucas and Tolkien echoes , and a style that has n't yet gained a sense of humor about itself .
 I do n't want to hear any more people defending Paolini because of his age . I do n't want to hear anyone say `` Could YOU write a book at age 15 ? '' . Any fifteen year old who read any work of fantasy could write something on par with this worse-than-mediocre book . What bothers me is that the Eragon fans ' gushing praise is not towards the book but towards Paolini 's ability to publish the book . If he had put this on fictionpress.com or some other amateur writers site , I would have praised it . But a published work of fiction should be good without taking an author 's age into account .
 The reason people claim to love this book is because it was supposedly written by a kid . Definitely time for some truth in martketing Knopf . Paolini is at this time 22 years old . If I do the math and go back 2 years that makes him 19 or 20 when Eragon was published . A 19 year old is not a kid . So why market this book as written by a kid ? Only reason I can figure is since the book could not be sold otherwise . As for litery quality or merit this book has none . I did n't dislike it due to the fact it was derivative . I disliked it because it was contrived , poorly written , and lacking any redeeming quality . Parents before letting your kids read this think twice about the poor example being set .
 Wierd . This is a kids book clearly hated but lots of kids like me and all my friends so why do adults try to say such a horrible book is good ? Paolini is 21 he 's not a teen anymore so stop pretending he is .
 Unlike most people who raved about this book , I do n't see anything amazing about taking the best ideas of Toiken , barely changing the names of the characters , and publishing it . Some people might say `` He was only 15 when he wrote it , give him a break ! '' I think that if you want to publish a book , no matter what age you are , you should at least make sure the book is good before you start bragging about it . On a side note
 They say that I should like this book . I love J.K Rowling and J.R.R. Tolkien - the perfect gift you 'd expect . However , as I read the first chapters , I found myself being needled with the feeling that I had read something similiar before , and it was better then . As I read more , I became bored with the whole thing . The whole thing was so predictable and unoriginal . I thought it sounded like a English class fantasy assignment gone crazy . I have read books that definitely took ideas from other `` original '' fantasy authors and managed to like them a little . But in Eragon , it was so OBVIOUS . Overall , I thought it was something you 'd praise on the fanfiction level , but it should n't of been published . Glad I borrowed it instead of buying it .
 Star Wars with no technology and Tolkien with no wisdom . What could be better ? Add some of McCaffrey 's dragonriders and David Eddings special marks ... if Paolini is ` new guard ' and those original writers are ` old guard ' , why does the ` new guard ' have to use the plots and ideas of the ` old guard ' ? Seems like the new guard would belong to the ones with the original ideas , past , present , and future.Fantasy readers are , by and large , pretty intelligent . We can put up with a lot of crossover from the authors we read , so long as there is an original twist . We ca n't be told that a book like Eragon is original and new , because we know better . Even the names are Tolkien 's with some letters rearranged . Or should I say Tolkein .
 So I first saw the movie and I was very confused and decided that I should read the book . So I delved into the Inheritance series . I 'm not sure why it is called the Inheritance series though since there does n't seem to be anything inherited.Now all of the excitement is that this book was written by a 15 year old . Well it defintely shows . But while reading it I did n't feel as if this was something new . In fact there was quite a bit of borderline plagiarism going on . I saw rip offs of Star Wars , Lord of the Rings , Dragon Riders of Pern , and numerous others . But seeing as how this was written by a kid I continued on . But the more I read the less I was impressed . There are sections that are directly from Star Wars and the only thing that changed were the names . Eragon and Saphira have no real personality and their characters do n't ever develop . It 's almost as if the author could n't be bothered with creating real characters , he just gave them names and popped them into a storyline from someone else 's story.There are giant plot holes such as vegetarian elves that treasure life but yet they wear leather outfits and kill people with a vengeance . The dialogue is very poorly written and the entire story has problems with flow and continuity . Of course it 's fantasy but even fantasy has to have rules in order to make it believable . The author also does n't like to show us his story , he prefers to tell us with long drawn out descriptions that interupt the action and make this book choppy and hard to keep reading . The word usage was poorly done , almost as if the author sat with a thesaurus and tried to come up with words to confound the readers . Some of the vocabulary was improperly used and made passages quite unintelligible . I have a very good vocabulary but I found that some of the words used were simply contrived and forced , rather than what the author really had in mind to begin with.The characters are all hollow and even the main antagonist is this mystical being that we never really see . We hear all about him and what he has done but he never appears to establish who he is and why we should hate him . It 's almost as if we are going off of hearsay that the other characters have made up . Where is the malevolence and darkness of Galbatorix ? Give us a reason to hate him!I had great difficulty staying captivated by this book . I feel that the editor of this novel did not service his client at all and that perhaps with time Chistopher Paolini may improve but only if he finds his voice and his own worlds to write about and leaves others ' works alone .
 Before I begin , something needs to be noted
 I first read this book when it was new and being heavily promoted - but I gave up after a few chapters , because it was slow , tired , cliched and clunky.I bought it again as an ebook when a special offer became available , and gave it another go . I should not have bothered . The story was no better ! I ended up rushing through to get the thing finished.The writer of this book was young , and his achievemnt should not be underestimated , and indeed has now been well rewarded . But as a work of fiction , this is just not one I could recommend . I expect readers who have read very little fantasy fiction -LRB- especially young readers -RRB- will enjoy this work . But those who have read widely will find it derivative . There are better versions of the same tale.Edit
 Reading this book was like trudging through a swamp . I bought it because it had so many great reviews , and was practically being heralded as the best book of the age . That was what made me finish it . I wanted to read it through , and see for myself just what the fuss was all about . It was severely disappointing . Other books , receiving less acclaim , like `` Brige to Terebithia '' and `` Number the Stars '' -LRB- labeled as `` children 's books , '' yet dealing with adult issues -RRB- rang more true , and had more alive characters , than this giant volume . The author copied blatantly from Tolkien , in the elves ' silver ships , the name `` Urgals , '' in the map of the land itself . But that is just the beginning . I agree with whoever gave this book one star that Paolini tells everything rather than shows . So much of the book was predictable . The death of Eragon 's uncle , the fact that Brom would be Eragon 's mentor and come along , and Brom 's death . Everything , from the sword which has a name to Eragon 's mysterious parents , to his rescue and friendship with a beautiful-yet-brave female , has been done before . The book lacks the necessary spins and quirks that would make these elements interesting . Someone once said that there are only two or three different stories in the world , and I agree . Eragon belongs to the `` quest/coming of age '' genre , like Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings . Everyone knows Rowling borrowed off Tolkien , yet their stories are vastly different . Tolkien captivates his readers with the depth and development of Middle Earth , as well as his language which rolls off your tongue like poetry . Rowling keeps us on the edge of our seats with characters you can understand in a snap , quirky humor , and unbelievably complex , puzzle-like plots . Paolini has neither . His story is linear , and Eragon grows in predictable steps . Not to mention Saphira , who is absolutely perfect and too wise for her to be believable . She undergoes zero character growth . Paolini also needs to develop his own voice . The descriptions are bordering on poetic , but they sound forced , as if he 's imitating older voices and styles but failing . The dialogue also needs improvement . In some places , like when Eragon sees the dead villagers and says shakily , `` Who could have done ... '' and Brom responds , '' ... there is only one name for them
 This is one of the worst books ever written , and I will explain why :1 . It 's the most predictable book I have ever read . I could tell what was going to happen from reading the inside flap , cover , and prologue
 This is to all of you kids out there and other 5 star reviewers for this book . I realize at this early stage in your life this book may amaze you . Nothing wrong with that . I aks only that you come back to this book in a few years after you have -LRB- hopefully -RRB- explored some of the real works of fantasy literature . I wo n't even compare this book to LOTR -- that 's like comparing apples to oranges -LRB- one written by a brilliant linguist for adults -- no -- I 'm not talking about the Hobbit -- the other written by an ambitious kid with more family connections than talent -RRB- . Hold this up to Lloyd alexander 's Prydian books , or Susan Cooper 's The Dark is Rising series for example -- after all this is at heart a kids book . I think in a few years you 5 star reviewers may feel a bit embaressed by all of your gushing praise for what is really just a sub-par rip off of a wide variety of books . Sure -- everyone is influenced by boosk the 've reasd in the past . There is a big difference however between being influenced and blatanlty ripping off whole story lines and plot devices verbatim -LRB- and no Christopher -- it does n't make it `` OK '' that you simply cahnged the names a bit -RRB- . This book truly reminds me of stories I wrote in 5th grade . If that 's what you are looking for , dive right in.Oh -- and all you poor souls saying this is the best book ever ? Well , first I understand your juvenile glee in finding a book you really enjoy . At the same time , I can only roll my eyes . I hope you 'll grow up to realize the lunacy of that statement .
 Everything in this book has been done before in other fantasy stories , and in my opinion , done far better . Eragon was written by a teenager and it is terribly obvious . I found it to be melodramatic , stereotypical , heavy handed , unpolished , and worst of all , boring and utterly predictable at every turn . The writing style the author uses strikes me as particularly immature and undeveloped . Every description is something like , `` The shining moon cast a silvery glowing lightness over the darkened forest 's misty landscape . '' Please kill me now . Paolini should be locked up by the grammar police for adjective abuse . Also problematic are the stereotypical characterizations of both the good guys and the bad guys , the overused `` reluctant young hero on a quest '' plotline , and the created languages the author has constructed simply by plugging made-up words into English grammatical structure.This might be a decent read for the under 10 set , but if you 've ever read a single fantasy novel before or happen to be a fan of GOOD writing , then Eragon has nothing to offer you . Final analysis
 This was a dissapointing book . It was a rip-off of the lord of the rings -- even the note at the end is like lord of the rings -LRB- `` may your swords stay sharp '' -RRB- the language Paolini made up is unoriginal and is just like what the elves speak in the Hobbit . Every time Eragon got into a conflict , he went unconscious and appeared somewhere safe when he woke up . He goes unconscious in almost every chapter and there is only one main plot line -- no mini twists or turns -- altogether it was pretty predictable . And even the main character 's name , Eragon , sounds just like Araghorn from LOTR .
 I bought this book before I knew it was written by a 15 year old . The story is a sorry hodge - podge of the favourite fantasy authors , but without the in - depth character creation or story , that one would expect . I 'm sorry to say that mid-way I had started skipping pages , to get through faster . Anyway it was not all bad , the beginning at least had promise , even if it did n't follow through . I will not be buying the sequel , but hopefully with time , maybe a decade or so , and a good editor , Paolini would be writer to watch for .
 reading books like these makes you appreciate George R. Martin , Tad Williams , J.R Tolkein , and even Robert Jordan . Paolini began work on this at 15 , and that could not be more apparent . the poor quality of the writing immediately jumped out at me . sometimes the writing was just so bad i had to put the book down . to be fair , he was young when he started his writing career , but it is kind of funny to imagine Paolini sitting there trying to find an adjective he hasnt used yet . for example im making this up but it would be something like quiet said murtagh icily , followed by okay said aragon angrily . some bits of writing are just classic , for example `` im sorry '' apologized Murtagh . is it me or is that redundant , he said he is sorry , why is there a need to write he apologized ? the writing itself was enough to anger me.now on to the story itself . this story is like a stereotype wrapped in an archetype wrapped in a clich&eacute; . just bland writing and boring material , thats all there is to this book . The plot , characters , everything is just so predictable . reading this book you can just imagine what the movie trialer would be like
 This book is full of adverbs and adjectives and extremely verbose . Sounds amateurish . Lost my interest . Stick to established fantasy writers to get your money 's worth from your reading .
 Now , about Eragon , it did n't impress me at all and it was all I could do to keep from throwing this book across my house . People thought Lord of the Rings movies happened to copy Eragon.WHAT ? Hel-lo ... . but Lord of The Rings is based on a BOOK , from about 1955 , it was published , the three book series . It 's not just a MOVIE !!! I mean , how else could this inexperien - er , I mean author make up stuff like the Lord of the Rings?Eragon
 I think this book was horrible ! I only give credit to the begining of the book and the author for being young . I was really hooked with it in the begining but it just became boring . It was the same stuff over and over again . It was like you could predict what was going to happen . I only read up to a page in the 230 's and found out ho the book ended by my friend and it was just as i predicted . I would recomend this book to people who are really having a bad day and want to read a really bad book . :-LRB- !
 who even bealives in dragons the book us ok though.really why would a fifteen yearold farm kid become the chosen one .
 How can anyone call this a book ? I hate this book ! I wish there was a -5 , because this book is boring , pointless , and ill-concieved . I will not so much as look at Paolini 's next book .
 Maybe I would give this book 2.5 if I could . After all , I was n't writing this kind of stuff as a teenager . Anyway a friend thrust this book at me , telling me it was an awesome read . Even after several hundred pages however I found the book only decreased my attention span , making me reach for Tolkien if only to read something with a little depth in between the boring chapters of this one . What a bore . The plot and character development is so weak and superficial . None of it is really believable , and never did the story truly compel me to keep going . I dont know ... its just hard to explain how unrealistic it all is , and corny , unless we accept that the main character Eregon is a god to whom everything comes easily . Really I kept going for my friend 's sake . I do agree with many of the other critiques in that this story seems to be a compilation of ideas from other authors.I should say though that if you like books that kind of just get to the point without lots of background and plot development you may like this one -LRB- my friend who enjoyed Eregon so much was bored with Tolkien -RRB- . I bet younger readers would enjoy this as well . If you like more depth in a book however I would pick up Eregon as a last resort . There are too many other good books out there to use up precious free time reading this one . At the very least borrow it and save yourself from buying this mediocre story .
 When I first heard that the author started writing Eragon when he was 15 , I was genuinely impressed that he had gotten it published so quickly . I immediately set out to read it was what I got was ... a very big disappointement . While I do not hate this book , I find that the author could use some polishing . His * parent 's * publishing company published it afterall , so I do n't think that his book really deserved it.I think I know what those who treasure and worship this book will try to say to me
 This book is pure and unadulterated trash that would never have made it to the approved pile of a real publishing house . The editor would have taken one look at the gaping plot holes , painful dialog and pseudo-intelligent word choice and sent a kindly worded `` Thank you for your submission but ... '' letter . It 's lucky the kid had indulgent parents with bundles of money to throw away on this massive turd of a story . The author should do a complete rewrite on the story and 1 - fire his original editor for not catching all of the continuity errors in the original and 2 - be prepared to still be turned down by editors that have better things to do with their time than wade through his awful prose.As for the movie well ... it does n't matter how much you polish a turd it 's still a turd .
 this book I reconmend to young readers of all ages who loves fantasy and dragons . The first and only thing I heard about this was `` it was written by a 17 year old kid ! '' As I dove into this novel , not only did I find it indeed gripping , put also extremely updated , as if Eragon was a boy at modern time . All his actions and emotions bears a reality to things I do on regular days . I absorbed every word and was lost in reality , being caried away to the virtual world that young master Paolini has written ; I felt like I was Eragon , riding along side Brom and upon Saphira while waving the Zarrock . I praise Paolini for this novel and i hope for more series from him .
 Although Christopher Paolini must be commended for writing a huge novel at the age of fifteen , his creativity does not deserve the same . The overall plot is that a boy , Eragon , finds a valuable `` gem '' that happens to be a dragon egg , which subsequently hatches . He becomes a Dragon Rider -LRB- read
 If there was a way of giving zero stars , I would!This is a total rip-off of all bland squee-High Fantasy there ever was , plus Tolkien , and a hint of Pern - -LRB- ... -RRB- . The only reason that book got published is that the kid 's father owns the publishing company ; otherwise , it would have remained unread in the depths of ff.net where it would by rights belong.The only thing I totally do n't understand is why so many people actually like it - are they daft or what ?? Ca n't they read ?
 I wo n't echo the other comments about how the work is unoriginal or taken from other writers . I did n't care too much about that , mainly because I could n't get past the horrible use of language . I think this book got caught up in the whole `` the writer 's 18 years old ! '' hype . Had this book been written by Robert Jordan and published as a Wheel of Time novel , it would have been flambayed.The use of the English language is absolutely horrible , for all the reasons described in the reviews below , and I blame this not on Paolini 's education , but on his editors , who failed to clean up this book into something readable . Maybe some of you can get past it , but I could n't .
 My best friend advised me not to read this book . But , she 's a bit of an elitist , so I figured , what the heck ? I mean , I like plenty of things she finds annoying or stupid . I was wrong . Here is my honest impression of the book : First chapter
 I read this a few years ago because it was the latest craze . A fifteen year old -LRB- who finished it when he was 19 -RRB- wrote a 550 page book ! Most teenagers are n't exactly great writers , so I felt I had to check this out.The book ? 550 pages of derivativeness , pointless description -LRB- especially that of a certain elf 's cleavage -RRB- , and a carbon copy of Star Wars . For starters , 80 % of the book is description of either the terrain or of hot elves , and yet I have no idea what the main character looks like . Not to mention the fact that Paolini obviously wrote it with a thesauras by his side . Machicolated ?! We have no idea either . I 'm not sure whether that was in Eragon , or Eldest , but what the hey?And then the plot . Yaargh . Take Star Wars , set it in medieval times , replace robots with dragons , and take out any originality . That 's basically the plot . And as for Eldest , take everything I said here and multiply it by 5 . Yup . It 's that bad .
 I give the author a bit of credit for his age , but other than that , this book does not deserve the press it has received . He takes from other works -LRB- Star Wars , Tolkien , etc -RRB- , almost to the point of embarrasment . The story becomes tedious after awhile , but does gain a bit of momentum at the end.Perhaps the second book is better than the first .
 I am an avid reader and a great fan of classic fantasy , yet I do n't generally concern myself with any new fantasy . So when I received this book as a gift , I knew nothing about it . After I was about 100 pages into it , I could n't help but have the following thoughts
 As part of my effort to keep up with my 12 year old 's reading , I decided to pick up Eragon -LRB- on CD , of course -RRB- to see what all the fuss is about . First things first
 Look , the writing style is pleasant enough and generally inoffensive but ... Eragon is Star Wars in a fantasy setting in almost every regard . It 's completely unoriginal and really not worth the effort .
 Others have raved over the high points of Eragon , while others have pointed out the blindingly obvious derivatives of classic fantasy authors -LRB- but let 's be fair , Paolini is , thankfully , a far better writer than Dennis L. McKiernan -RRB- . Instead , I 'd like to point out the areas where the plot and structure collapsed .1 -RRB- The names
 Eragon , a fantasy tale of a boy who is destined to become the next dragon rider , is an amazingly told story - for a seventeen year old to tell . This story , while it has little inspired plot - shows that the young author will in a few years , become a really promising talent in his field.The problem now is really the problem of youth - he 's obviously got so many inspirations which he idolizes , and he wants to put them together in one book , yet he never makes any his own or brings any new material to the story . To be honeset this book was a bit like regurgated material and there was a lack of character development , intersting characters , or good dialouge , but it does show a spark of genius in this young man . A commendable work for a 17 year old , a poor contribution overall to the fantasy genre .
 As other reviewers have alredy stated , Eragon Does draw too much from other much better works of fantasy . What I noticed the most though , was how much was taken from David Edding 's `` Belgariad '' . The stories are so alike . Eragon is a farm boy , just like Garion . Eragon is an orphan , just like Garion . Eragon befriends a storyteller who turns out to be a sorcerer , Just like garion . Eragon does magic in the same way Garion does , through `` The will and the word '' . I could go on and on . I think Paolini counted on the fact that most people have n't read Edding 's masterpiece . One of the only resons his book sold so well was because he was so young when he started writing it.Also , the dialogue is stupid , and it is obvious that he tries to make his writing sound impressive through flowery writing style .
 Really , I wanted to like it . That 's why I kept reading . But ultimately , an editor needed to sit him down and tell him to take it down a notch . Or two . It was soooo overwritten and totally unoriginal . I got the feeling that Paolini is used to everyone defering to his superior intellect and that nobody around him had the sense or the heart to tell him his book was crap . It took me days to plod through it .
 I would first like to state , as others have , that it is an impressive accomplishment for someone so young to write a book , let alone a book so large . With that said , I 'm surprised he has n't been sued by G. Lucas for copy write infringement.When reading this book , put on the soundtrack to Star Wars . Why ? Here is a brief plot synapsis : A young boy , who does not know who his father is , is raised by his uncle on the farm . He comes into contact w / something the evil overlord wants , and is chased for it . He is befriended by an old man who teaches him the lost ways of an ancient warrior cast who was destroyed by said evil overlord . By the end of the book -LRB- time in the story is about 5 months -RRB- , he is the best swordsman and spell caster humans have seen in one hundred years . Just replace droids with dragon egg , and Jedi w / Dragon Riders and you 've got the same story.It gets even more similar w / the second book , `` Eldest . `` Also , it reads like any bad wish-fullfillment story in a Dungeons and Dragons adventure.Aaron .
 I can definitely say that this is one of the worst books ever . How can anybody ignore that Paolini has copied EVERYTHING in this book from either Lord fo the Rings or Star Wars . Oh yeah , and Fristhk knogjkjsh achrojvm . Translation
 I did n't enjoy this book for several reasons . My main problems with this book are as follows :1 -RRB- as everyone else has mentioned , the storyline was totally copied off of books that are waayy better than this .2 -RRB- as everyone else has mentioned , the names were all copied off of names that came from books waayy better than this .3 -RRB- the author 's avoidance of the word ` said ' . I ca n't recall reading the word ` said ' in this whole book .4 -RRB- the author 's overuse of adverbs describing exactly how the people asked/said . For instance , `` Why '' inquired Eragon , quite curious . I was quite shocked to see , '' ` Sorry , ' apologized Brom '' in the text .5 -RRB- the ancient language was very hard to read . It was mostly several consonants jumbled together . For example , the word for fire was
 One day , I was innocently winding my way through the racks of books in Barnes & Noble when a certain book - rather , the book 's jacket - caught my eye . I blinked and went forward , certain that it had to be joke . The words ` Eragon ' were scrawled across the hefty blue book , and I motioned my friend over to look . We glanced at each other and cracked up laughing . What sort of poor imitation was this?Well , a few weeks later , at the very beginning of my Christmas vacation , I once more found myself at Barnes & Noble with a cappuchino and a bored expression . And , once more , my eyes found that book - Eragon . I blinked and picked it up . Certainly , although it had ripped off Lord of the Rings terribly , -LRB- I could tell that from merely looking at the map and the cover -RRB- it could n't be that bad.Whoa . I was / wrong / . As I started reading , the book did n't capture my attention at all - not like His Dark Materials and the Daughter of the Forest had . I forced myself through the first hundred or so pages , telling myself that it had to get better . I find no reason to point out the way Paolini has stolen from Tolkien , McCaffrey , Eddings , and numerous others , mainly because they 're pointed out in many reviews before mine . Read those reviews , and you 'll see.I could guess perfectly what was going to happen before it did ; and that 's exactly what I did . The character 's were unoriginal , cliche , and poorly drawn , and lacked depth . The storyline was stale and overused
 I understand that in all fantasy you will find similarities and ideas that have been used before - it 's unavoidable , considering there are only a limited number of concepts available . Yet I was under the impression that to write an original , creative story , one must take these concepts and use them in a way that is original and creative.Apparently no one has , as yet , pointed this out to Christopher Paolini.Eragon is a cut and paste of many original , creative and for that matter , better written stories that I have read . Many other reviwers have pointed out the sources - Lord of the Rings , Star Wars , Anne McCaffery 's Pern , David Edding 's Belgariad . I do n't need to cite examples - there are too many anyway . Paolini seems to have played cut-and-stick and glued together bits and pieces of these stories together . He even stole the map from Robert Jordan 's Wheel of Time series ... any WoT fans out there ? There are even islands in the same place where Windbiter 's Finger is , and a string of mountains called ` The Spine ' . I believe the word for this is plagarism.And yet this would n't be nearly so bad if the plot had been interesting , the characters had been engaging , and there 'd been some kind of ... point . The writing shows potential , but is stiff and awkward , and in dire need of revision -LRB- I 'm not sure where the editor 's were at this stage ... perhaps off planning an over-hyped publicity campaign ? -RRB- . In a few years , with some growth , some development , a few writing courses , and the appearance of some voice , Paolini will write a book to which the word ` good ; can be applied . Hopefully editors will step in and point out his mistakes . Hopefully by the time he is twenty-five and the novelty of a teen writer has worn off , he will be forced to actually revise.Until then , you 're better off spending your money elsewhere . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I was suckered into buying this because I bought into the hype that it was Potter-esque with LOTR trappings . I should have read the reviews first , because the ones here that call it derivative are right on target . I hated to slam the book after I first read it because it was written by an adolescent , but oh how it shows . There are much finer books for the target age range to be enjoying than this hacked together bit of fluff . Do n't waste your time .
 -LRB- As a precursor to this review , you should know that I am not a child under the age of 13 . -RRB- When I first picked up a copy of `` Eragon '' , I had no prior knowledge about the author 's background or the unique nature of the book itself . After reading the majority of `` Eragon '' and several reviews , I learned how a young teenager could become a successful author . I will not add anything to the already long list of complaints regarding C. Paolini 's work . Others , who have come before me , have said it all.I will say this
 I remember reading an interview with Paolini where he said that even positive reviews missed the point of his book . Dragon Quill is one of these reviewers . Unlike what Dragon Quill said earlier , Eragon WAS meant to be a literary classic . After all , Paolini compares his book to actual literary classics on his website . To use DQ 's car metaphor , Eragon was meant to tear up the road but barely made it out of the garage .
 All I can see in this book is a rip off of several fantasies that I can name off the top of my head . It 's very predictable and that made it rather unenjoyable . If he maybe put a few more years into it , he could have written it better . Well , by the end of the book we do n't have any clue what the main character 's hair color is , yet we know the ground is glistening white with snow . Right ? It has no sense of location or time and is very poorly woven .
 This review is for all of those `` five-stars '' who believe The Inheritance Trilogy to be the next coming of Tolkien and for anyone who is considering purchasing `` Eragon . '' The young author , Christopher Paolini , makes the three most common and devastating mistakes of a young author -LRB- aside from pirating his plotline from popular films and books -RRB- , which are :1 . Creating an uninteresting protagonist2 . Missing opportunities to build suspense3 . Telling instead of showingI found myself well into the depths of `` Eragon '' still wondering why I should care about its protagonist . He is not especially ambitious , skillful , or possessed of any other trait that would cause me to take an interest in him . And he whines ! Paolini , it seems , spent more time devising his plot than his main character , resulting in a flat persona that I would n't spend five minutes with in real life . What 's more , Paolini 's lack of interest in Eragon results in a lack of interest in WHAT HAPPENS to Eragon . If I do n't care about the character , I certainly do n't care what happens to him , thus alienating me from the plot.Where Paolini could have remedied this problem he truly misses the boat . In the first few chapters , Eragon gets himself into seemingly deep trouble but then is almost instantly saved from any inconvenience or discomfort . I want to see him struggle a bit . I want SUSPENSE , a reason to continue reading . When Eragon is confronted by the butcher , instead of having to deal with the obstacle , a friendly villager intervenes . When a baby dragon threatens to make itself known through various squeaks and bumps from within Eragon 's room , there is no seeming risk that the dragon will be discovered . And when Eragon 's closest relative , his cousin , must confess he is leaving the family to seek his fortune , it is received with a kind blessing rather than a suspenseful argument . All in all , such lack of suspense and tension results in a horribly boring read.In the first several chapters alone I counted three instances when Eragon exclaims `` I wish ... -LCB- something -RCB- . '' Rather than show us through action what Eragon truly desires , Paolini takes the easy road out and writes a single , thoroughly unconvincing line of dialogue in which the character tells us what he wants . Again Paolini misses the opportunity to create an semblance of action or suspense in his work , again revealing just how little experience he has as an author.While these are devastating mistakes any author can make , there is usually a kind of `` cushion '' awaiting him in the form of a cunning editor . Yet Paolini seems to have missed this safeguard in spades , for `` Eragon '' contains countless opportunities for editorial improvement that even the most inexperienced beginner would recognize . I wonder if the publisher had anyone at all review the work before it went to print.It is true that Paolini is not the first author to make the mistakes listed above , and he will certainly not be the last . What is sad , however , is that such a bald-faced representation of other popular works can make it into a publisher 's shop and ultimately on the bestseller list . `` Eragon '' smacks of Star Wars , the Anne McCaffrey books , and a bit of J.R.R. Tolkien at almost every turn , painting a mental picture of the young author sitting in front of his television every night , making notes on what he likes most about George Lucas ' and Peter Jackson 's films before heading to his laptop to `` write . '' It took J.R.R. Tolkien decades of study , intellectual conversation with his peers , and careful craftsmanship to produce the one book -LRB- ultimately broken into a trilogy , nearly against his will , by the publisher -RRB- that was the Lord of the Rings . Yet Paolini felt he could accomplish something similar in a couple of years . What he has accomplished is exactly what that level of effort deserves
 Mr. Paolini , I know this is your debut novel but ... IT 'S EXREMELY BORING !!! Half of the book is Eragon and his dragon , Saphira talking through their minds about the most boring stuff on earth ! I was about 3 or 4 hundred pages into the book and I quit ! I was FALLING ASLEEP FOR HEAVEN 'S SAKE!That 's really all I have to say about that.Your critic , HECK NO ! I 'M NOT A FAN !
 Wow , I ca n't believe that somebody actually published this piece of crap . It reads like it was written like a fifteen year old who has read way too much sci-fi/fantasy and not enough of anything else . Reading this book was kind of like driving a square-wheeled car . Ka-chunk Ka-chunk Ka-chunk . It was very slow in most places and the `` made up language '' distracted from the story rather than adding to it . -LRB- BTW Tolkien had a PhD in medieval languages , he kind of knew what he was doing -RRB- . The main part of the action was in the last few pages and things happened almost too quickly and I was forced to re-read several times to grasp what was going on . I hope that the sequel is better , but I 'm not ready to waste my time reading it .
 I read all the reviews about how this 15 year old wrote this `` masterful '' treatment , and how it was reminiscent of Lord of the Rings , etc. . Now that I 've read it , I 'm sorely disappointed in others . Are we so starved for quality fantasy writing that this passes for masterful ? I could have spliced pages from random Robert Jordan , Tolkien and Eddings books together and had as cohesive a story . Then have Alec Guiness star as Brom and you have as unoriginal a fantasy story as you could imagine -LRB- Hey ! Look he made up words for the elves and dwarves to use and then wrote poems and songs !! Masterful !!! -RRB- . The only difference is that I know that Tolkien and Jordan will wrap things up . This , i 'm not so sure.Look for my new book , Randagorn , about a boy from a small village who finds a dragon-shaped ring , is chased by MyrNazDrades across MiddleGesia , while learning to master fighting with a magical paring knife named `` Poker '' as he kills Snaruks and innocently masters aeoaeons of complex cultural context across dozens of ancient races who all eventually think he 's awesome . Coming , probably to Knopf , and probably before book 3 .
 I liked this book better when it was called Dragonriders of Pern/Star Wars/Lord of the Rings .
 Personally , I was n't very impressed . It is a decent adventure story , but it 's very predictable and pretty cliche throughout . I will wait and see how the story develops - because it did keep me entertained . I mean , it 's not the most original story , but it 's a decent eight-hour ride book .
 Novice readers of fantasy love this book . To anyone who has read a lot of fantasy , including young adult fantasy , it is instantly forgetable.Young people should be directed to role models like Christopher Paolini or S. E. Hinton of authors who were published when they were still teenagers , but if you are looking for a better young fantasy writer , introduce them to Amelia Atwater-Rhodes instead . She signed her first publishing contract when she was just 13 , I think.Dragon lovers love dragons no matter what and any young fantasy reader who is not already deeply steeped in Tolkien , Feist or McCaffrey will probably love this book .
 Paolini obviously had no idea what he was doing when he wrote this book . All of his characters were simply copied from real masterpieces . Like The Lord of the Rings . I know not everyone can be as great as Tolkein , but if you 're going to duplicate his work please try to at least put some of your own passion into the story . Real artists have their own way of thinking . Rowling , lewis , and Tolkein were the first authors of their kind and we should praise them not amatuers like Paolini . Thank You MaryAnn from Texas .
 First of all , I work with kids . -LRB- I 'm a librarian . -RRB- And kids can be very picky . If they like a book , then they like the book , and if they do n't like it , they REALLY do n't like it . There is not often a gray area with them.I 've had discussions with kids who love `` Eragon '' and I 've talked to kids who did n't like it . More often than not , the ones who hated it , could tell me clearly why they did n't like it , while the ones who did like it , could n't say much more than , `` It was so cool ! '' Or `` I really liked the adventure ! '' I 'm not sure why this is , but there you go.Personally , I hated the book . But I tend to keep my opinions to myself when it comes to talking to the kids -- unless of course they ask me . I thought the book was poorly written and derivative . I do n't need to say why , because if you look at the `` 1-star '' reviews , you can find many who have given fine and detailed examples.But what makes me angrier than the fact that this book was published , is hearing the old excuse , `` but it 's a kid 's book . '' To quote the wonderful author Jennifer Donnelly , who wrote on her website in April 2005 , `` The idea that books for and about children can only be of interest to children is absurd . And not only is it absurd , it 's offensive . It 's like telling a reader not to bother reading `` Beloved '' unless she 's black or `` Dubliners '' unless he 's Irish . Books are not gated communities , they are open cities where we can all come and go at will , freely sampling other lives and times , other cultures and realities . '' -LRB- I sincerely apologize for any copyright infringement I may have breached by posting that . She just said it so much better than I could . -RRB- So to Robert Gagnon
 Being a reader of both Tolkien and Rowling , I had the misfortune of receiving this book twice from well-intentioned friends , who thought I would enjoy it since it seemed to fit the same genre . And in a sense , they were right
 Before I begin ... to all those reviewers who are snapping at others for giving this five stars , everyone 's entitled to their opinion , and if they think it merits five stars , that 's up to them.I do n't think `` Eragon '' merits five stars . In fact I do n't think it merits ONE star . For the following reasons ... 1 -RRB- The entire book is a blatant rip-off . The plot is ripped from the first Star Wars film and set in a Middle Earth style realm . Many names have also clearly been stolen from the Lord of the Rings books . Before reading this book I had thought that `` Shadowmancer '' was the biggest rip-off I had ever read . But at least that book had some original ideas , and the author did try to hide anything he 'd ripped off . Christopher Paolini has n't put a single idea into this book , and has n't made so much as a token attempt to hide the bits he 's stolen .2 -RRB- Paolini is clearly one of those grade school students whose English teachers have convinced him that the use of the word `` said '' is a criminal offence in the world of writing . In this book there is n't a single use of the word `` said '' ... Paolini uses every alternate word he can come up with , and when he ca n't come up with one he says `` stated . '' In some places this is n't too bad , but in others it 's plain unnecessary -LRB- such as in the infamous line '' ` I 'm sorry , ' apologised Brom '' -RRB- .3 -RRB- A lot of the words Paolini uses are out of place . It gives the impression that he had a thesaurus next to him while he was writing this book and he used the fanciest words he could without bothering to check their proper meaning .4 -RRB- The description is very here and there . Paolini does n't even bother to describe Eragon 's appearance to us , but he gives us so much unnecessary description that it makes the book slow and plodding . He also tacks unnecessary adverbs at the end of nearly every line a character speaks .5 -RRB- Eragon has got to be one of the most unlikeable heroes in literary history . He seems to be incapable of doing anything wrong , and can master any ability in a few months -LRB- making me wonder if Paolini based Eragon on the person he thinks he himself is -RRB- . He 's also grumpy , arrogant and stuck-up , and is totally ungrateful for the help of his friends .6 -RRB- Half the chapters end with Eragon getting knocked unconscious or falling asleep .7 -RRB- Paolini clearly does n't know a thing about sword-fighting . You ca n't become an expert at it in a few months , and as another reviewer pointed out , you ca n't combine different sword moves .8 -RRB- The characters are bland and one-dimensional . You do n't care what happens to the heroes , and you do n't feel angry towards the villains .9 -RRB- The ending is awful.I 've read a synopsis for this book 's sequel , `` Eldest , '' and it looks set to be a clear rip-off of `` The Empire Strikes Back '' -LRB- and there are various hints in this book that Galbatorix will turn out to be Eragon 's father -RRB- . As I said in my review for `` Shadowmancer , '' you can tell if a book is going to be bad when the author becomes proud and pompous about it . On Paolini 's website he calls his book `` a lyrical beauty '' on the same level as Tolkien . I should have steered clear of this book when I read that , but I gave it a chance anyway , and it let me down . It still has n't displaced `` The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night Time '' as the worst book I 've ever read , though.One final note ... to all those who are saying it 's remarkable that Paolini got this published at such a young age , the reason for that is because his parents own a publishing house , and as they think anything he writes is flawless they would publish this without a question . If only they had n't ... Also , just because Paolini is fifteen does n't make this a good book by any means .
 Please . Have any of these reviewers who gave this book 5 stars ever heard of Michael Moorcock ? How about Ursula K. LeGuin ? This guy named J.R.R. Tolkien ? Hmmm ? I believe someone did some movies out of his books a short while back ... WAKE UP FOLKS !!! This book is basically a rehash of Terry Brooks , Robert Jordan , Terry Goodkind , etc. , etc. . There is not a drop of originality between these pages -LRB- WHAT !! He 's a DRAGONRIDER !!! That 's ASTONISHING !!! I 've never heard of such a thing ... oh ... wait ... except for those `` Pern '' books ... -RRB- Get a clue . There is much better fantasy literature out there . You just have to go out and find it . Kudos to this kid for getting published at such an early age . This book is no worse than most of the schlock that passes as fantasy these days , and it 's better than some , but you live a pretty sheltered life if you think this is a 5 star fantasy novel . Try to widen your horizons a bit folks . Not every good fantasy novel starts with a poor farm boy who is an unknowing wizard/savior/prince / warrior-king / -LRB- supply your own cookie-cutter stereotype here -RRB- , who 's parents die/go missing/are murdered and leaves to discover his `` true self '' -LRB- and save the world along the way -RRB- in the company of some old monk/wizard/seer / eccentric old teacher . If that 's all that fantasy is to you I feel sorry for you .
 just one question
 Whatever editor green-lighted this book should never again work in the publishing industry . It was pure bloody-mindedness that allowed me to slog through this muddled excuse for a novel . I kept thinking to myself , `` This has GOT to get better . It ca n't be as bad as it seems . '' I even went back and re-read the several chapters , thinking I 'd somehow missed some spark of brilliance.Fat chance . It 's not there.There is n't an original idea , a novel concept , a well-conceived plot line , or a nicely drawn character in the entire book . Lots of other reviewers have cited the author 's various sources . I encourage you to read something from one of the authors Paolini ripped off and skip this miserable piece of fan fiction .
 Oh , how disappointed I was of this book . Curious because of - yes - the author 's age , I bought this book on a whim -LRB- should have gotten the Pullman instead ! -RRB- and found precisely what I would expect a self-important adolescent to write . How else can I describe this book than a conglomerate of other -LRB- and more competent -RRB- authors ' ideas ? Any Tolkein , Jordan , McCaffery , or Weis and Hickman , anyone ? Paolini 's boring , stuffy elves even came to his brain-child of a continent from across the sea on a ship . From an unknown land . Imagine that.Paolini 's narrative lacks depth , not to mention any kind of originality . Within the first 100 pages the plot stalls out and goes ... where ? An over-reliance on deus ex machina renders the story entirely unbelievable , as well as establishes a lack of credibility for the author . The characters are nothing more than regurgitations of the same old tired cliches . Eragon is utterly deplorable ; nothing more than a fool . That he is also an obvious personal fantasy of the author is embarassing . And we are actually expected to care about his oh-so-honorable quest of revenge ? Even the dragon disappoints -LRB- hmmmm , a female creature that always listens to her , um , man and does whatever he says even when it is idiotic ? Made me want to puke . -RRB- That our children are being led to think this author represents quality fantasy makes we want to run screaming to the local school district for a lesson on bad writing , and the sheer delight of Rebecca Rupp.The interesting thing is that , were this story written 10 years ago before the Harry Potter and LOTR pop-culture crazes -LRB- and I wonder how many LOTR fans have actually read the series , -RRB- Paolini 's manuscript would never have earned the attention of a competent editor . The manuscript would have been returned to Paolini with well-needed advice to take a few basic writing courses . As well as to learn a little more about real life before trying to replicate it . Of course , it helps to have parents in the publishing business , able to print their son 's genius without regard to word count . When I feel a need to read a book with a red pen in hand , in the garbage it goes . And to think of all the truly young talents that never have the opportunity to publish on account of a simple lack of connections makes me want to weep.Shame on the American public for having such poor taste in -LRB- fantasy -RRB- literature . Shame on Paolini 's parents for failing to exercise self-restraint and good judgment and curb their son 's ambitions -LRB- not to mention their own -RRB- before they went too far . And shame on Paolini for letting his ego overtake all else . This book is nothing more than modern hack writing at its worst .
 There are n't enough words to express how miserable Christopher Paolini 's novel is . There are n't enough synonyms for `` bad '' to more easily translate to you , visitors of Amazon , the awful writing , plotting , characterization , prose , thematic and stylistic concerns of this book . In fact , there are n't enough enough ways to show the overall immaturity of the book 's fans who can not stand to have their Bible marked as anything less than incredible and awe-inspiring literature.I wo n't even try.I urge you , turn somewhere else for a decent read . You wo n't find it here .
 This book starts off with a fantastic prologue . It was a joy to read it . Then , it goes on to Chapter 1 . And then Chapter 2 , and 3 , and 4 , and a thought comes to your mind ... `` Have n't I read this 100 times before ? '' And you have.Eragon is riddled with unoriginality , with a hint of incompetence here and there . Stolen from such popular series as Star Wars , the Lord of the Rings , and so much more , the plot and characters are nothing new . But one thing is however , the boring , sloppy style of writing.It is painful to read this thing . It took me five different attempts to get past Chapter 6 . And when I finally did , I was sorry.Of course , the Book attempts to get even more popularity by explaining that it was written by a 15 year old . Actually , that 's not too hard to figure out . The only reason it was published is because his parents have a publishing company . Anybody else would 've used the manuscripts for firewood , or something useful like that.So in conclusion , Eragon is a waste of time , money , and page turning . Your fingers could be doing so much more . Do n't read this book . Please ! I 'm offering you final salvation .
 This reminds me of some boy band covering one of the classics . It 's not bad as such , it just keeps reminding you how much better it 's been done elsewhere . The story is totally derivative . I accept that it 's difficult not to be these days , but sadly there 's not an ounce of originality and far too much direct copying . Even then , if the story was a page-turner , you might be OK but it drags most of the time . Goodness only knows how the author is going to keep it going for two more books . Read the Pern stories , Tolkein , Ursula la Guin to see how it 's really done .
 If you call this epic , think again . All `` Eragon '' -LRB- Lord of the Rings imitation of Aragorn -RRB- and `` Brom '' do is travel through trees and mountains . Epic journey ? Nope . Just because the author is 19 or whatever , it 's not the best book . My friends hated it , they claim it 's an imitation of Lord of the Rings , examples ; Elves , Dwarves , wizards , and dragons ! THIS IS NOT A CONSCIEDENCE . Elves are spelled exactly the same , as are Dwarves , and their culture is the same too ! Dwarves are great miners and craftsmen , they carry axes and chain mail , they 're short , stocky , and strong , Elves are beautiful and good at forging swords , and they even have a horse lord , like Shadowfax !! The elf , Arya , is like Arwen , with long dark hair , and yet , Murtagh is like Boromir , with a silver bound horn !!!!!!!! This book is NOT epic , I 'm telling you ! It 's a copycat !
 I have 3 reasons to hate this book . The author 's age is not one of them . Age has nothing to do with quality of work - for good stories by young authors , at least the first two Valdemar anthologies -LRB- Sword of Ice , Sun in Glory , ed . Mercedes Lackey -RRB- have good stories by a girl who is twelve or so . She is a better writer than Paolini - not stellar , but not as bad as Eragon and Eldest .1 . His writing style is stilted , jerky , and has no flow . There is a flowing , musical , poetic feeling to the work of really good writers - Tolkein , Le Guin , McKillip have this . Other writers , like Lackey , create a less-poetic but real , beleivable world . Not Paolini . I am really sorry to give such a negative review of a first book , but htis needed more work .2 . From Murtagh 's story to Eragon and the prophesy -LRB- Prophesies are an excuse for laziness - they tell the characters what is going to happen . They are also truly annoying unless handled REALLY well . I figured out that Murtagh was the one who was going to betray Eragon , and I nearly got rid of the book then . -LRB- At least I had the sense to get it from the library . -RRB- 3 . Eragon makes way to big a deal about that scar . He is NOT crippled , and he is an irritating character . He acts like it is the end of the world.If you want to read this book , do it , but get it from the library . If you end up thinking that my review is trash , and you like the story , then you can get hte book after all . It 's not like it 's in short supply in either bookstores or libraries .
 Well , how should I say this ? It reads like a book written by a 16 year old . There was much hype when this was published and I only read this book very recently . I completely agree with the previous reviewer . Nothing original , no character development , not much of a story . It is mind boggling how this book became # 1 Bestseller . Good marketing , I guess . It is basically Star Wars during the time of the Lord of the Rings . Magic instead of the Force and Brom for Obi-Wan . Throw in the dragon-rider mindlink by McCaffery , you have Eragorn .
 To write a book can be very hard . Publishing one can be even harder . Getting it to sell is no easier ... So kudos to Chris Paolini for managing to do that . He must have put a great deal of work toward getting this thing to sell . However , no kudos at all to him for actually writing it . Writing a book is n't as hard as some people would have you believe . All it really requires is a grasp of the English language -LRB- or whatever language you 're writing in -RRB- , imagination and a great deal of patience . Because the first thing you write will never , ever be the best thing you write.This book , if not the first thing the author wrote , is at least one of the first things he wrote , and it definitely reads like it . Amateur works tend to show similar flaws to each other , and this one does exactly that . It 's copied , in both style and ideas ; beginning writers almost always copy in some way . Many start off writing fanfiction , or at least some sort of knockoffs of books they enjoyed reading . All the ` borrowed ' elements in this book are an example of how beginning authors - usually unconciously - amalgamate ideas from elsewhere which they liked . It 's disorganised - beginners generally do n't have much idea where they 're going or what they 're doing , so they often make it up as they go . It 's shallow - just getting the story down is usually a beginner 's first concern ; depth can come later . It 's overwrought - beginners tend to try too hard . And , finally , it 's silly . But beginners tend not to be very capable of looking objectively at their own works and seeing their mistakes.From these signs , it is easy to see that Eragon is a textbook example of a beginner 's work . There 's nothing wrong with writing this sort of thing ; it 's good practise for later on . However , there IS something wrong with selling your ` practise ' book and calling it both good and original . This book is neither good nor original . It is rather the first , stumbling attempt of a first-timer , who lacks the ability to write originally and with elegance . The entire thing is immature and badly organised , and the experienced reader can spot the signs well enough . Even inexperienced readers , including children , are more than capable of noticing the jarring , halting prose and the awkward descriptions.This is why so many are outraged over this book 's success ; they recognise that it does not deserve it and is not of professional or publishable standard . Nor is it entertaining to read . The best way to describe the storyline is with the word ` annoying ' . Such a book should not be making its author wealthy and famous . It is a collossal injustice and a show of contempt toward other , far more talented but less successful writers . Just about every writer longs for recognition , and they are right to be incensed that the recognition is going to someone who has barely mastered the basics of creating a novel.But , a note to any such writers who read this ; if this series continues to be as poor as the first book , it is hardly likely to last . The way to get back at this upstart is to publish bigger and better books , and show his readers that there are superior works out there for them to read .
 MC has criticized those of us who are hoping for some degree of quality and originality in the books we buy . He claims that `` everything 's been done before '' and that nothing in fantasy can be original . But , as a previous reviewer stated , this is n't a reason , it 's an excuse . I can not believe that every single possibility for fantasy has been explored and dried up . We have to continue to demand originality or else the fantasy genre will recieve no fresh material and stagnate.Next , MC claims that the critics of Eragon would probably also criticize a book for being too original hence not giving off the proper `` vibe '' . This is a baseless assumption that MC pulled out of his -LRB- censored -RRB- . Finally , MC and most other Eragon fans praise not the book itself but Paolini 's ability to publish the book -LRB- which only happened because his parents owned a publishing company -RRB- . It just shows us the low standards of people who praise individual attempts at self-promotion rather than a truly worthwhile accomplishment.Reviewers , do n't fall into the same trap as MC has . Continue to demand quality so that authors can once again bring new and wondrous worlds into the fantasy genre .
 This was obviously written by an inexperienced author , without much grasp of anything beyond the obvious conventions of the fantasy genre . There is soooooooo much better out there , books with depth , thought , realistic characters I actually care about . Eragon is a sad , shallow entry into the market .
 My first proposal is that Eragon should not be read by Tolkien fans -LRB- such as myself . -RRB- His horned orgles could be called enlarged orcs -LRB- or perhaps Uruk-hai -RRB- his elves - who come from the sea ! - are an especial rupture of the very basis of J.R.R.T. 's mythology . The dwarves are mere Nordic folk living in a larger-than-life mountain . The names Hrothgar -LRB- in Beowulf -RRB- and Balin -LRB- the Poetic Edda and The Hobbit -RRB- both appear in Eragon . Virtually every name on the map is either direct C.S. Lewis or Tolkien references , or at least similar . I do not find anything paradoxical in Eragon . However Christopher Paoloni , gives little demarcation betwixt plagerism and creativity . For Rowling fans the `` sorcery '' in Eragon is nothing like the `` school-boy magic '' of Harry Potter . I give him credit for his dragon-riders . In some ways , however , Sephira just seems illogical . For instance , what is the purpose of , you might say , `` noise with sound '' if she speaks mentally ? If it is to scare away other animals , it seems as though she was already imposing enough in demeanor . I will not draw myself or you into biological enquiries of fictional creatures , however . Instead I will close with this conclusion : Firstly , I give every merit to Paoloni for endeavoring to write a fictional novel despite my dislike of what seems to me almost escapism
 I , too am a young author and usually write long stories for my family and friends , all of which are fantasy lovers . I was watching MSNBC news when I saw Paolini being interviewed and just out of curiosity , I bought Eragon and Eldest at the same time . I felt as if I was n't alone in writing novels and I was comforted . The first few chapters were OK but I was angry and disappointed when Brom died . As I read further I noted that there were some passages from LOTR and SW and Anne McCaffrey 's , DragonRiders of Pern in the book and I became angry.It is insignificent that a fifteen year old wrote a novel . It does n't matter the age of the person ... what matters is the book and the words that filled the pages . I do not recommend this book to anybody . I would recommend J.R.R Tolkien 's , The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings for those are much better .
 Note
 Any fantasy reader understands that the genre is n't known for breaking new ground . Most works are Tolkein clones in some form or another , dealing with the standard hero 's quest through a world populated with assorted dwarves and elves . By now all fantasy writers have agreed that elves are tall and beautiful while dwarves are short and live underground-these are simply the tools with which the artist works . When one picks up a fantasy novel , a certain degree of generic rehashing is accepted and embraced.However , I was disturbed by the stale regurgitation present in Eragon . This is the story of a young orphan who lives with his uncle in a land governed by a ruling body known as `` The Empire . '' All is well until the orphan finds something of value to the Empire ; this quickly leads to the murder of the uncle and a bit of arson . Luckily the orphan is taken in by a mysterious old coot who teaches him the truth . The truth is , of course , that the lonely orphan actually belongs to a lost league of prestigious warriors that has dwindled into extinction throughout the years . He learns of his amazing gifts and his role in the war raging against the Empire . If it all sounds a bit too familiar , you might be expecting George Lucas to file suit.The entire story reads like some bizarre cut-and-paste job . A little Skywalker here , some Frodo there , a bit of Perth , and presto ... Eragon . As a matter of fact , I 'm somewhat convinced that anyone with a copy of Star Wars , Fellowship of the Ring , a random Anne McCaffrey novel , and a food processor could produce this novel.Imitating and borrowing are by no means unforgivable sins in this genre . Many authors are able to present a strong voice or narrative style to pay penance for their borrowing , but fantasy novels that lack these fresh elements feel like mediocre photocopies of superior originals . This is one of those novels . Here our old familiar ideas are not accompanied by any fresh innovative twists ; instead they are partnered with a rather bland and meandering plot line . Half the book is spent chasing someone we never catch , and the other half is spent running from them.Perhaps I am being too harsh . After all , this book was written for children by children . It has found great commercial success with fans of all ages , and I know that hordes children are vivaciously devouring each and every page as you read this review . In addition , I understand that any book children WANT to read is an indisputable success . This novel 's many triumphs prove that the author has conjured a work full of magic ; however this book 's spell is lost on me .
 The fact that a 15 year old wrote this is impressive . However , I felt like I was reading the narration from a computer role playing game , without the fun of being able to direct the action myself . The book makes a fine first draft , but should have gotten alot more work before being published . It does n't even come close to Harry Potter , much less Tolkien . The only character that really comes off is Saphira , all the others seem like stereotypes . I see a great future for Paolini as a designer of computer role playing games , but writing a novel takes more than just a bald description of the action .
 I am a published author and professional reviewer , and have had respected fantasy authors praise my work . Perhaps these facts will lend my opinions some weight.Many reviews focus on Eragon 's derivative qualities . I will not . Derivations in themselves are no barriers to quality ; Tolkien himself derived many of his ideas directly or indirectly from Norse mythology . Shakespeare derived many of his plot devices and dramatical elements from earlier dramas or histories . I will focus on the prose itself.It smacks of immaturity . Adverbial qualifiers abound , particularly for the dialogue . Such adverbial excesses the vast majority of professional writers consider leprous
 Unfortunately , there is nothing unique about this book . Characters are poorly drawn , action is predictable , language is overdone-ie what you would expect from an inexperienced author . Mr. Paolini should have put this one away on a shelf for a few years , then reexamined it . I 'm sure he will agree in five or ten years that this was a good first effort , but not publishable material .
 Just read the whole book and wished that I had not . What a waste of my time . I kept thinking it would get better but it sadly never did . There are so much better fantasy books than this to pick up -LRB- I suggest the LOTR or Harry Potter , perhaps Narnia -RRB- that this is just the stockest fantasy story I have ever read . Every scene and dialogue is a cliche ! BARF !
 Writing Quality
 This book was written with some mastery of the English language , and I would have given the book a three star had it been original . The plot was copied almost exactly from Star Wars . Think about it for a second . It starts with a Rebel convoy being destroyed by an Imperial interception , but the Princess ejects the item that the Imperial taskforce was seeking . Now , if this was n't in a review of a fantasy book , would n't this have sounded exactly like the beginning of Star Wars . Then , a young boy from a farming town finds the item in a field , and eventually his home is destroyed by Imperial forces , and his parents killed . Again , exactly like Star Wars . Then , a mysterious hermit agrees to teach him the ancient arts of a dead order of protectors . Jedi , anybody ? Eventually , he dies in the process of saving the Princess . Killed by Darth Vader , no doubt . Then Luke , I mean Eragon , is joined by a Han Solo figure . It just goes on like this for the entire book ; a clear and obvious parody of Star Wars . In the end , the evil mage is killed , and we recieve some insight into how he was once a good little boy , but possessed by evil spirits . Exactly like Vader ! This is just stupid , and disgusting . Even some of the names of places in this books are from Tolkien . Eragon , sounds a lot like Aragorn , does n't it ? Then , the lake Isenstar . IsenGARD becomes a lake after it 's destroyed in Lord of the Rings . Then , the super-orc things sent by the evil emporer sound a lot like the Uruk-hai from Tolkien . Once again , practically copied from Tolkien . And then , there is the corny humor and names , like `` Saphira '' . Ugggh . I give it a 2 only because it 's kind of impressive that a 17 year old published this long of a book , even if the entire thing is a blatant copy of prominent works in science-fiction and fantasy . Do n't buy this book , it 's not worth sponsoring idea-plundering .
 I do n't , as you can plainly see . The book was written with poor grammar , and the plot seems very familiar , like so many other books . I would n't suggest this book , but you may want to read it anyway to make your own choice . I was expecting another great fantasy author , but I realize that Paloani still has a long way to go.I think it is clearly remarkable that someone Paloani 's age could write a novel such as this , though I do not find the book as remarkable . I know that many people absolutely love this book , and indeed I can see why . I would like to encourage Paloani to keep on writing , and to develope his style and better himself through experience , as that is virtually all he is missing at the moment .
 I bought this for my teenage son so he would have something to read over Thanksgiving . He enjoys fantasy so I thought he would love this book . No such luck . He started reading it . `` The Lonely Mountain ? '' he said , kind of snickering . It did n't get any better than that . `` Dad , I ca n't finish this book , '' he said . `` Just give it to the library . '' I did , and consider it a donation . According to my son , he kept seeing things in Eragon that came from other fantasy books he has read . He did n't think much of that .
 Though I am a big fantasy person , I did not enjoy this book . The storyline was very unoriginal , and took so much from Lord of the Rings and Star Wars . Even some of the names are similar . He uses the Tolkien elves -LRB- tall , fair , wood-dwelling -RRB- and Tolkien dwarves -LRB- mountain-dwelling , short and bearded -RRB- , and his story has some of the same ideas wound all through it . For example , from Star Wars he uses `` the boy who has to fight the Empire . '' I would not recommend this book to anyone , especially if you are a huge LOTR or Star Wars fan .
 Let me tell you know , Christopher had it coming to him ever since he published Eragon . While reading Eragon I noticed similaities between his book and the hit saga of Star Wars . The pieces came together when I read that Eragon lived under an Empire that fought against a Rebellion -LRB- the Varden . -RRB- It was a real pity . I thought Christopher had it made but upon discovering that his book was really no more that a `` fantasy version of Star Wars '' is was disappionted . As I continued to read more and more clues pointed to my conclusion . -- Eragons uncle -LRB- like Luke 's -RRB- was murdered in the beginning of the book . He was even killed for the same reason and in the same way . Uncle Owen was killed in search of Droids and Uncle Garrow was killed in search of Saphirra . Both died by fire . -- Eragon goes to Brom -LRB- a mysteries old man who turns out to be a dragonrider . -RRB- Luke goes to Obi-Wan who turns out to be a Jedi . After which both Luke and Eragon leave on a quest of revenge guided by their mentors -LRB- Brom and Obi-Wan -RRB- -- Along the way we learn that the dragonriders once maintained order in the land . The jedi did the same thing . The fall of both the dragonrders and the jedi occured in the same fashion , by the betrayl of a jedi , or a dragonrider . -- They rescue a princess from jail . Lea and Arya were both delievering something when they were captured . -LRB- Christopher 's substitute for droids is Saphirra -RRB- -- Brom dies along the way just as Obi-Wan did . And , he died to save Eragon , just as Obi-Wan did . Then after that Eragon meets up with the rebellion just as Luke did . Then they had a battle . -- My guess is that the cripple spoken of in the end of Eragon is going to play the same role as Yoda . He may even be a dragonrider ! -- Also I assume that Eragon and Murtagh are brothers . Eragon 's father will be Morzan in the same tradition of Star Wars . `` Eragon , I am your father ! `` Aside from copying Star Wars it has flat characters . Its a moderately enjoyable book but it has major flaws . Two stars and two thumbs down . Nice try , Paolini but nothing gets by me .
 I wrote stories at this level when I was in elementary school ... the prose is very basic and the story is not compelling ... and need I be the only one to point out how similar Eragon is to Aragorn -LRB- from Lord of the Rings -RRB- ? This is just another fantasy cop out ... read Lord of the Rings , but make sure you leave out all the good parts ... then you 'll get an idea of what this book is about . This book blows .
 This book and its entire series should not be allowed to be sold . Reason : Christopher Paolini has plagiarised all good books known to man . This novels include but are not limited to . `` Star Wars , Lord of the Rings , Age of Fire Book Series , and Noviks novels `` C.P is just a phony out to milk everyone for their monies but thats ok , I keep a copy of his book beside my toilet incase I run out of toilet paper and would rather casterate myself than read this squished rotting cockroach of a so called `` novel '' . Its Published toilet paper , whats america coming to next ? Copyrighted Shows of Extreme Retardation ?
 I was a victim of the hype around this book , as so many others seemingly were as well . I remember finishing the first chapter and really hoping that the story would be picking up shortly after . I have n't read many fantasy novels , but I was greatly disappointed in this one . It was very obvious that he had ripped off a lot of ideas off other fantasy novels , even the few I actually have read . I usually read novels fairly quickly , but it took me about three months to finish this book because it ceased to be fun and more of a chore . The characters lacked not only an original personality , but any personality . I had a hard time caring whether or not they would succeed , be it the protagonists or antagonists . Some scenes carried out with no real purpose and the plot made sure to take you through the entire map included in the publishing . It 's too bad they put together a budget to make this a movie , they should use the money to make a series that is actually good into a movie . Put the time you would spend reading this book into finding another series of books to read , seriously .
 I have no idea why this book received such rave reviews . Everything about this story is horribly cliche . Honestly , there is absolutely nothing noteworthy about this book . The tremendous weight of cliche would n't have been so bad if the characters were n't flat , the story boring and hard to follow , and the prose dreadful . Edlest is n't any better . Definately a series to skip .
 Wow . Talk about a t , so i have to read this book for my class and can i say the hype was over done . No winder why it madw for suchfg a bad movie . Eragon was just terrible to start with . He takes the plot line of star wars and throws it into a LOTR world and he add a hit of dragons . And guess what all of his `` ideas '' he stole it . He has nothing orgnal to add to the fansty world . Yes authors take from others but they also add a twist to it . Sadly he dosent . Dont read it , biggest wast of my time . Ever . Just dont read it . Your better off
 Xtoriez has several young adult `` xtoriez '' if you will , but the best by far is dragons vs. dinosaurs!As far as dragon stories go , this is an interesting twist ... adding dinosaurs . The main protaganist is a young royal brother and sister that have to develope their relationship throughout the story . I was hoping that something would develope with the princess and the caveboy , but then again , she is a little too young . All that being said , I had no choice but to give it 2.5 stars.However , the book is called dragons and dinosaurs , not spoiled princess and friends . And there are plenty of ancient beasts to go around ! Almost every kind of dinosaur is mentioned . And my favorite dragons are the red cave lava dragon , and the black smoke dragon . This raises my star review by 1.5 to four stars.The main dragons , Bashra the Scottish Silver , and the red Asian dragon , at one part in the story go off together and Wonka Wonka Wonka to produce a dragon egg , but yet again , there is no romance between the two . The author is just trying to get to the next battle scene.Both the young adult version and adult edition are the same book . The only difference being that in the adult edition the citizens and townsfolk are n't so obedient in the beginning ; a main character dies ; and that leads to a slightly alternate , and extended , ending.My only hope is that the sequel will feature older characters . Over all though , it is a fun read . I guarantee all your favorites are here as dragons and dinosurs battle from the desert , to the swamp , to the wide open grass lands . There is definitely something that will amuse!Edit update
 I 'd like to bring up a new reason as to why Eragon sucks . Galbatorix . We do not feel any real hatred of him or his government , thus we cease to care about anything else in Eragon.One example is the slaughtered village with the speared baby . Galbatorix apparently has no reason for this massacre other than `` Because he is evil . '' This is the sort of inane randomness one would expect on Mad TV . Like the Urgals , we are TOLD that Galbatorix is evil but not SHOWN it.Another example is the slave trade . Maybe we could learn to hate the Alagaesian slave trade if we could figure out WHY THE HELL IT MATTERS ! The slave trade is tacked onto the plot and could be removed without changing the story in any way . It does n't matter to the plot , thus it does n't matter to the reader.Galbatorix is like every other character in Eragon . You could n't care less about his existance
 Wow , I read this book and my first thought was , `` Wow , is this guy serious ? '' Ninety-five percent of this book -LRB- minimum -RRB- is a cheap knockoff off LoTR , Dune , Star Wars , and the Belgariad . I 've read some peoples arguements that the plot is just the typical epic fantasy plot , and yes , that is correct . It is very similair to how Joseph Campbell explains it , and I have no problems with epic fantasies having a rather repetitive plot line . What I absolutely disagree with is the blatant plagarism of names , specifics , and dialogues . The one that I remember the most , is the exchange at a river , where upon crossing the river , Bron had stolen the money back from the guard character . Now if a person had read `` Pawn of Prophecy '' by David Eddings they might think , `` well , golly gee , that sounds really familiar . '' And that would be because the exact same exchange goes on , almost to the word . And oh , by the way , Pawn of Prophecy -LRB- 1982 -RRB- was written before CP was a twinkle in his fathers eye.Now even if one can look past the `` ahem '' similairities between this book and others , the authors writing style leaves much to be desired . It is obviously written at the average fifteen year olds writing level , I half expected poorly drawn crayon dragons in the margin . CP avoids the use of `` said '' like the plague , and ends every chapter like a 90 's dungeons and dragons game-Eragon falls asleep/gets knocked out/passes out ad nauseum.I 'm hoping at this point -LRB- if one makes it this far -RRB- that a person might ask , `` well , golly , if CP is such a terrible author , where did all these here five star ratings come from ? '' While I do not know for sure , I would hypothesize that these ratings came from younger readers who have not yet read the full scope of fantasy/epic fantasy out there . I sure hope this one does n't scare them away.In conclusion I found this book to be dry , severely irritating -LRB- due to the `` similarities '' -RRB- , and all an all a waste of space on a bookshelf . So do everyone a favor and do n't support this author , read some Eddings , Jordan , Martin , Herbert -LRB- sci fi -RRB- , Hobb , Weiss and Hickman , or any of the other truely original , fantasy authors .
 The book came on time in great condition but it 's one of the worst books i 've ever read . A friend actually lent it to me and it took me so long to read -LRB- b/c it 's soo boring and hard to read b/c it 's so poorly written -RRB- that the book actually got spilled on and ruined so I had to purchase him a replacement . This book was very cheap which is great .
 My wife and I read five chapters and just could n't bring ourselves to read the rest . We just did n't want to waste our time . Others have detailed the book 's faults ; for us , it was all too clear that the book was written by a young and immature writer .
 Rarely do i review something , mainly because what I feel has already been stated numerous times , and this is no exception ... but i cant let this go . BTW ... this is a review for not just the first book but also the second -LRB- im not going to repeat myself for that book -RRB- . I read the first book within two days while on vacation recently . I actually enjoyed the simple read although recognizing the completely unoriginal story line just rehashed in a desperate attempt to emulate Tolkein and other literary giants.The breaking point was Page 227 in the second book -LRB- Eldest -RRB-
 Ummm ... kudos for a teenager writing a book ... but the truth is
 When Eragon , a poor farm boy , comes across a large blue egg while out hunting , the last thing he expects is that he 's taking home a dragon . But soon one hatches , bringing with her an upsurge of danger and adventure . At the death of his uncle , Eragon is forced out into the world beyond his humble home to face terrible foes and realize his destiny as the first of a new generation of dragon riders.Christopher Paolini is an intelligent kid who has clearly read a lot of fantasy , so , having followed the example set by those novels , his own work is fairly fleshed-out -- meaning it 's not the worst I 've read . The popularity of the Inheritance Cycle -LRB- of which Eragon is book the first -RRB- is undeniable , but I firmly believe it got kicked off for the wrong reasons , namely the author 's age when he started writing the series . If one ignores the hype , as I have tried to do , and examines the quality of the work objectively , there is in actuality quite a bit to criticize and not much to praise.First things first , the writing itself . As I said , Paolini 's got a brain in his head , but he is n't a natural writer , not by a long shot . His sentence structure suffers , with regard to tenses in particular . His descriptions wander into purple prose territory , too much so even for the imagery-friendly fantasy genre . Where the largest problem lies , however , is in his blatant overuse of the thesaurus , a common problem which leads to words used incorrectly , phrases that contradict each other or just do n't make sense , and a forced narrative that makes it seem as though Paolini wants to impress us with his vocabulary.As for the plot , it is Star Wars wearing a Tolkien cloak , with a little Anne McCaffrey thrown in for good measure . The story follows George Lucas ' epic beat for beat -LRB- with the exception of the huge dragging section in the middle of Eragon where nothing happens -RRB- ; the elves , dwarves , and overall setting bring Lord of the Rings whooshing back ; and poor McCaffrey 's lost her dragons and her entire magic system . There 's a difference between drawing inspiration from other works , even using similar plot devices or settings , and plagiarism ; the lack of originality in Eragon tips it toward the latter . I ca n't call to mind a single characteristic from the book that is peculiar to Paolini 's work.In short , Christopher Paolini 's writing has reached a point where it is in effect beyond reproach -- people will buy it and enjoy it no matter what is said by critics such as myself . But as a supporter of the integrity of the book industry , I can not in good conscience recommend this book .
 BORING !! I found reading Harry Potter was MUCH more enjoyable then this piece of trash!I found that comparing this book to Harry Potter series is like comparing apples and oranges . The story line is a little slow and at times drags a little . The story could have picked up the pace and quit with all the endless little reminders about how the dragon riders was betrayed and how the king came into power ! It seems every time Eragon encounters a new person or a elf or a dwarf , you are reminded about the fate of the dragon riders and/or how the king came into power . And some Eargon 's traveling companions and people he meets . It would have been nice if they are suppose to be teaching young Eragon how to use magic and about the history of the dragon riders/elves/drawfs / etc instead of just gives out drips and drabs of it , and giving you , the reader a sense of frustration . Plus do you really need a detail explanation on how to make a dragon saddle ?? Change the settings to outer space , the dragon to a A.I spaceship and you can compare this with many sci-fi books like the Star Wars series.This author shows promise -LRB- NOT ! -RRB- , he just need to pick up the pace a little and make the main charaters a little more interesting .
 I purchased and read this book just after it first came out to rave reviews and a New York Times Bestseller ranking . I was extremely dissappointed . There is a reason that there are not many well renowned 18 year old authors out there . The writing is poor at best - definitely the work of someone who is just learning the art . The story is entertaining at times , but as many other reviewers have mentioned , it is entirely unoriginal . This book is fine for the younger child but is not in the class of Paul Park 's Princess of Roumania , The Golden Compass trilogy or Harry Potter as books that transcend the line between children 's and adult literature . I did not read the second book and have no intention of doing so .
 This story was a worthy effort for a 19-year old writer , but he should have worked for another year on the piece before its self-publication . The author utilizes many adjectives , a good tool for describing objects and scenery in a story , but when too many are inserted , especially dull adjectives like `` big , large , round , etc. '' a style suffers . Since Christopher is still a very young man and seems to be at a stage in life where writers use their initial success as learning blocks to mature as novelists , I feel we have yet to see the true capabilities of this promising author . Being only 22 years old and a self-published writer myself , I congratulate Christopher for his success in aquiring a book deal with a high paying publishing house . A dream like this comes only to those who persist for achievement in their dreams . Keep on writing , Christopher !
 C'mon people !! this book is terrible !! It 's poorly written , a rip-off of about a hundred BAD novels , and about as `` suprising '' as a PB&J sandwich . All you 5 star raters should be ashamed of yourselves ! Grow up people ... this is n't a matter of taste , its a matter of fact ... this book is no good .
 Well , I may not be qualified to write a review , since I could not read this thing past the first chapter . And so , of course , I really do n't know about the plagiarism , but I can tell you it was bad writing . Odd grammar , awkward flow -LRB- or rather , no flow -RRB- , glaring holes in logic , some pretense at being descriptive , childish narration -LRB- not the good kind as told through a child 's eyes , but something like ` The orange and brown cat drank some white milk and then went to happily to sleep ' -RRB- , and the list goes on . I do n't see how anyone could 've withstood this to the end.There are times when I do n't like a book ; I 'll put the book down and never touch it again . And for these books , I 'll even admit they have some merits and I can see how others could like them . But I do n't think I ever threw one in the trash like this one.For this book to even be compared to the works of Tolkien makes my heart bleed . And to think that this shall be recommended to future generations of readers ...
 That was the sound of my evil laugh when I finally got around to reviewing this book . Although I somewhat enjoyed it when I was reading it , I blanched at some of the plagiearisms . In retrorespect it was not worth my time . The first warning sign came in the prologue when Paolini used `` unadorned '' and `` undiminished '' in the same sentence . As I recall , it sounded something like ... `` her clothing was unadorned but her beauty was undiminished . '' I admit I am something of a nitpicker but this sentence anoyed me beyond belief.I also did n't appreciate the simplicity of the story line . I like to `` look at the big picture '' or whatever and find some things I can learn or at least aply to my regular life . The characters in this story though were so perfect that they could n't possibly be human . I could n't relate to any of them because they had no flaws . Sure , Eragon makes a couple of mistakes but there 's always someone standing behind him to save him or give him advice or fix his mistakes . Like when he gets locked up ... Murtagh comes right on cue and the two escape happily into the blue and no harm is done . Yeah RIGHT!The third thing that bothered me was how distant the bad guys seem . Galbatorix is n't seen at all in this book OR in the next . It seems like he shoul dbe more important since he 's the father of all evil . Also , Urgals are n't very interesting ... a pack of blood thirsty monsters that spear babies 's bodies and kill villages . They have no organization , no plan , and whoever is leading them is invincible -LRB- of course then we find out its the Shade and when Eragon is about to die Saphira magically appears and Eragon kills him ... but that 's another story -RRB- . The battle scene was monotonous , though it should have been interesting , or at the very least exciting . It was basiically just `` Eragon chopped up an Urgal . Then Saphira was attacked so he killed the Urgals attacking her . They flew up in the air and killed more Urgals ... '' I do n't think that Eragon gets seriously wounded at all during the battle , except for maybe a knock on the head ... Anyway , I think this book was a waste of time . It was OK to read , like a cheap thrill , but it was n't very memorable , and overall very annoying . I say save your money for a better series like `` Lord of the Rings '' , `` Earthsea '' , or even `` Gregor the Overlander '' .
 Eragon is a great book for little kids , but if you are looking for something original and well written , look elsewhere . The main problems
 But it was poorly edited . The beginning of the story took a hard effort to get past . The middle was intriguing and for a good section of the book I cared about what happened to the characters . By the end , though , I had lost interest in the story , and I started to see the warping of the cliches . Not only did he take overused sterotypes or sets of characters , he twisted them and reapplied them in a way that just did not fit , to me , like an elf with a tatoo or a young man who spends a few weeks or months training with a sword and all of a sudden he is the best swordsman the seventy year old man had ever heard of . Also , he put a lot of effort into a large number of descriptions , only to not capitalize on the effort , like the intricate description of the wounded man going up stairs to see his critically wounded kin . He detailed that very well-only the young man got there , and left , because he could do nothing.All these flaws could be attributed to youth and he will make a good writer someday , but this story holds no interest for me-and five stars for how well he did so young
 This is the worst book I 've ever read . It is a complete copy of much better works of fantasy . Eragon is a totally unlikable weenie , and the rest of the characters are far too underdeveloped to care about . Do n't waste your time with this one .
 I found this book LONG and predictable . Why is it that what would have made one pretty good book had to be stretched into three ? -LRB- I 'm sure money had nothing to do with that , huh . -RRB- I ca n't quite figure out what age audience this was written for either . It 's way too long and graphic for children . I do n't think my 10 year old would want to read about an impaled baby or brains splattering . Yet I found the main character ... boring . Wow , I mean some hero , he ran from every fight he encountered.I 'm just not sure what he plans on writting about for two more books . If he thinks it will take anyone that long to figure out that Murtagh is his blood brother who will betray him , he carries the blade of Morzan , who is his father and it was his mother Selena that had her fortune told by Angela and found out that her one of her sons would kill the other , he 's wrong ... . oh , and of course we all know Arya is an elven princess and the one who will have the whirlwind romance with Eragon ... It 's not the worst book I 've ever read but it 's not the best by far . Maybe I can get a book deal , I mean I could come up with a plot like this . I may even be able to stretch it into four books !! Hahaha
 Like many other reviewers , I bought this book based on the rave reviews here . I totally agree with all the other negative reviews that this book is boring and hard to follow . Finding a new fantasy author is exciting , but Christopher Poopolini will not be added to my list . I wo n't be reading any more books by this author .
 I 've read this book before , under another title , `` The Lord of the Rings '' ! This book is essentially LOTR with the names changed ! I made a list of comparisons and differences and the similarities far outnumber the differences . The family of Tolkien should look into this ! Not to mention how slow going this book is ! every other page the characters have to stop and rest and sleep and eat , then fight then do the same thing all over again ! Oh yes , let 's not forget the Star Wars references in there too ! Read the LOTR if you want the original story !
 I 'm a 13 year old boy who likes fantasy and i can see how this sort of book is supposed to appeal to someone like me . i wrote a very long review but decided not to post it mostly because i felt it was , well , just too long . so i 'll try to make it short and sweet.this book reminds me of the kind of fiction i used to do when i was in elementary school for creative writing . to me that sort of says that this was published because his parents owned a publishing company , not because it was exceptionally well done considering the author 's age.the story , setting , development , characters , etc. are nearly all taken from some place or another , given new names or details or something , and shuffled around . i wo n't nitpick over this because a lot of other reviewers have but some of the elements of this book seemed to be ripped straight out of LotR , Ursula K. LeGuin 's Earthsea Cycle , Anne McCaffery 's Dragonriders of Pern series , and Star Wars . -LRB- all of which i have seen or read -RRB- other reviewers have talked about numerous other books that the author has taken things from . its one thing to be influenced by other stories and show those influences in your writing . in fact , its a good thing , it makes your writing better . no book is totally original , and many classics are made because the authors took things that influenced them and that they liked and incorporated them . but is this different . nothing new is done with these ideas or characters , and it all feels rehashed and kind of boring.and the writing isnt so great either . yeah its his first book but that does n't give him a blank check . the descriptive writing was pretty good but even that got kind of overdone.and this is sort of a stupid thing to say but the names in this book annoyed the hell out of me . Brom , Farthen Dur , Isenstar , Ayla , Eragon , Saphira or whatever her name was . Gahh.So in the end what I 'm trying to say is this : Do n't bother . This book has a lot of hype mainly because the author is so young . its not Totally awful or anything but there are a huge deal of things in it that come straight from other stories . the author will probably turn into a better writer i think , and maybe the other books will turn out to have some more quality to them . after all , this is only the first third of a series , things could improve a lot . but for now , just look for something else besides eragon .
 This is among the worst fantasy books I have ever read , and it infuriates me that it is getting so much attention . I could possibly forgive the utter lack of ingenuity of its plot or the language , which is more suited for a 7-year-old , if only I saw some signs of the author caring about the quality of his book . Unfortunately , it is obvious for the entire first third of the book that it was not even edited for basic grammar , and I find it insulting .
 This is one of the worst fantasy books I 've ever read -- and I 've read a lot of them ! The plot is contrived , the characters unbelievable , and the author 's style is stiff , juvenile and without merit . I had to force myself to finish the stupid thing .
 While at a school book fair , my daughters expressed interest in dragons . I thought , hey , let 's get a novel we could read together . My eyes fell on `` Eragon '' ; and every kid within ear distance kept correcting me on the pronunciation of the book . I read the back cover about how a kid wrote it , best selling novel , blah , blah . So I thought it would be good read for all of us . I decided to screen it first and ... Boy , it was very painful . The story itself was pretty good , but such a terrible execution . The dialogue was awkward , the story very choppy . The violence -LRB- ex . baby dead on top of a pile of bodies -RRB- was so forced and unnatural . Personal conflict with characters was unrealistic . The characters would be `` irritated '' or `` snappy '' about silly things . Clearly the author has little life experiences.I know , I know , a kid wrote it . But why so much hype on it ? I ca n't believe they are making a movie out of it and everyone is so excited about a work that is equal to a high school writing contest contribution . Most of us probably could n't write a better novel but clearly this book rode off the author 's age than actual ability.The more I read , the more annoyed I got with the story . The dragon , which should have been the most interesting aspect of the book , lacked depth to her character . She was born , then crawled around , and then bam ! She was a mature , wise dragon . Both Eragon and the dragon seem like strangers with no history or connected emotion . All the characters were hard to like . Just an all around badly written book . Paolini does write good imagery but it sounds like stolen passages from the many fantasy books he has read.I highly recommend this book for older children , there is way too much death and violence -LRB- even though it is weak -RRB- for anyone under the age of 12 , but way too immature of anyone over the age of 16 . I do n't want my children believing they could write such drivel and still make millions of dollars . Oh wait ! That 's right . . you can !
 Several things are required to write a boring,rip-off book like this :1 - A way to publish/publisice the book -LRB- his parents own a publishing company -RRB- 2-Time -LRB- he `` graduated '' from homeschool at 15 -RRB- 3-An ego the size of Texas -LRB- how could he not?he copies other books , and has the audacity to say on his website `` I strive for a lyrical beauty somewhere between Tolkien at his best and Seamus Heaney 's translation of Beowulf . '' -RRB- Overall the book was predictable , and obviously copied from Tolkein , Star Wars , etc.May your sword stay as dull as your books , Paolini !
 What can be said about Christopher Paolini ? True , he started writing at age 15 and has managed to write three fantasy novels with a fourth one still to come . However , how much longer can his age account for a body of work that is mediocre at best?For starters , the book is packed with every cliche that could possibly be associated with the fantasy genre . I can find little to no original content here , but to be fair , original ideas are a bit hard to come by these days in any genre , fantasy or otherwise . Still , that 's not much of an excuse . Believe me , Paolini and J.K. Rowling do n't even compare ! The author `` Borrows from '' , or more appropriately , rips off ideas from classic books like The Lord of the Rings and the Star Wars movies . The plot is essentially Star Wars only forget the outer space setting and replace it with a middle ages fantasy world . The characters are paper thin and have no emotional depth . The writing is also terrible , forcing the reader to trudge through overly flowery dialogue and descriptions that are not necessary to understand the meat of the story -LRB- if any -RRB- . Naturally , no matter what I say , there will be legions of fanboys who will be begging for more of the Inheritance series . I do n't dislike fantasy , but Eragon is simply not my cup of tea . As an author who takes so much from other sources , how much will Paolini have of his own to give back in return ?
 Those of you who saw Eragon the movie -LRB- and there are precious few who did -RRB- may not know that the movie was based on a book of the same name.First in the `` Inheritance '' series , Eragon the book shows that Hollywood can actually make a movie better than the book.The book is 500 pages of plodding non-excitement . Really , about 450 pages is devoted from going one place to the next ala Dungeons and Dragons , sans anything exciting happening . The dialogue is poorly written . As script editor , I am always telling my writers to make their dialogue sound natural . After all , people tend to write more formally than they talk . This is a lesson that Christopher Paolini did not take the time to learn when he set out to write this.Both the narrative and the dialogue do get better when they finally reach the home of the Vardens , about 400 and some odd pages in . But it take a tremendous effort to get there , both on the part of the characters and the readers . Unfortunately , by this time , whenever he stops to describe something , you 're too burned out by the reaaaaallllllyyyyyyy looooonnnnnggggg expositions that took place during the first 4/5th of the book and now you ca n't take any more.This book got a lot of good reviews . For the life of me , I ca n't understand why . On the other hand , it also got a lot of bad reviews . I 'm in that camp . He hit on an interesting idea , but it was poorly executed.I am , however , going to read the next book in the series , Eldest . I hope it 's going to be better .
 oh my god . this novel makes me want to eat six lemons and call my mom to tell her i hate cats . this is not in any ways original . what is happening to childrens fiction these days .
 This book redefines derriviative . It seems like the sort of fan fiction where the writer goes in to other writers ' worlds , kills their dragons , steals their gold , and makes out with their Arwen . This book makes a fine door-stop or paperweight , though -LRB- +1 star -RRB- .
 This is a ` kiddie book ' that even my 7 yearold brother wo n't read . I do n't remember when I had ever read a book so boring and pointless .
 I think I read this whole book but come to think of it , I ca n't really remember . I do remember it being slow and dry and by the ending , I could n't remember the beginning . Not all that much of a fantasy reader to begin with , I could never bring myself to read anything past the first book . I did always think the cover art was pretty though . : -RRB-
 No need to read it , I just saw five minutes of the movie , and it 's a total rip-off . Let me explain why ; first it starts with an egg , which is probably a good start . However , and this is a big one , if you watch it after that , it clearly states as a rip-off . Has anybody ever played `` Legend of Dragoon '' on Playstation , if you have , then you know what I 'm talking about . But if you have n't then let me be brief . Boy finds stone , stone becomes a sourse of power to from a dragon , boy then saves a girl who has a stone of her own that a king wants , and finally boy discovers that his own father is his enemy . You get the picture . Whoever this guy is , should be sued BIG time .
 The author makes many radical and unrealistic assumptions based on the Bible with not one reference or footnote , and no bibliography .
 In almost all cases , `` quality managers '' tend to be lousy managers themselves . If they had the innate qualities to be effective managers , they would quickly recognize `` quality management '' schemes as gimmicks that get in the way of serious management.In his foreword to Dr. Mark Blazey 's Insights to Performance Excellence 2005 , retired Xerox Vice President of Quality , John Lawrence acknowledges Blazey 's assistance stating , `` Dr. Mark Blazey ... provided extremely valuable insight ... to help us at Xerox develop world-class management systems that led to Xerox Business Services being recognized as a 1997 recipient of the Baldrige award . `` One would expect , of course , to find a corresponding trend in Xerox 's financial performance . Using Xerox 's stock performance as a measure of financial success , one finds that Xerox stock rose from approximately $ 20 in 1996 to approximately $ 60 by 1998 . This tripling of stock value would seem to validate Xerox 's Baldrige effort . However , if one traces the trend backward one finds that the trend began in 1991 and moved upward with remarkable continuity to the middle of 1999 . Assuming that Xerox 's Baldrige efforts began in early 1995 , and that the `` process improvements '' derived from Baldrige were fully implemented by the end of 1997 , one would expect to see a steeper rise in stock performance somewhere after 1996 . There is , in fact , nothing in the stock value trend that validates Xerox 's commitment to Baldrige . In fact , from mid 1999 to the end of 2000 , Xerox stock tumbled from over $ 60 to roughly $ 5 a share . Noting that the copy/printer industry kept zooming along during that period , whatever the cause of Xerox 's downturn , it is obvious that the magic of Baldrige did n't work for Xerox . The fact is that Xerox 's Leadership made bad business decisions and failed to recognize where the market was going . The precise point is that management `` systems '' like Baldrige are not magical formulas for producing good fundamental `` strategic '' business decisions.Equally surprising , considering Baldrige 's emphasis on `` governance '' , is that Institutional Shareholder Services -LRB- ISS -RRB- gave Xerox a low rating in 1999 , predicting that Xerox was headed for disaster . ISS is one of several organizations that rate the performance of corporate boards and CEOs . That Xerox 's `` governance '' problems were that evident a little over a year after Xerox won the Baldrige award ought to be astounding to Baldrige believers . Moreover , that , in 2005 , Baldrige guru Mark Blazey uses Xerox to market his Baldrige book tells us that Blazey , after all , wants to sell us something.Another apparently significant example cited in Lawrence 's foreword , in the category of customer service , describes a scenario at Ritz-Carlton where the child of a hotel guest left a teddy bear on the floor by the bed . Lawrence relates that , `` Upon return , the child found the teddy bear sitting at a small table with the Ritz Lion having tea . '' It 's a nice story . It just is n't relevant to 99 % of the hotel industry . In fact , it really is n't much more than one would expect in an exclusive and very expensive hotel , and it is , after all , the sort of thing that happens within a very narrow range of employee discretion . Nor is there anything in Baldrige that would have generated such a cute customer service idea . So how does the example validate Baldrige ? It does n't . It 's just a cute story woven into a sales pitch for Blazey 's book.There 's nothing wrong with the basic principles of Baldrige . In fact , if you 're an effective manager , you probably apply them intuitively . The problem with the Baldrige `` system '' , aside from its ineffectiveness , is that it is essentially incomprehensible and expensive to deploy . As an indication of its bewildering complexity , Blazey phone-book-sized tomb provides an 11 page glossary and an additional 2 pages `` Clarifying Confusing Terms '' . The `` quality champions '' like Blazey who push Baldrige -LRB- and similar systems -RRB- will inevitably tell you , `` It 's a great system , if you can get people to understand it and apply it . '' It is , in the final analysis , the comprehensibility of Baldrige that makes it seem so magical and keeps wizards like Blazey in business .
 Friends kept badgering me to read this book and I finally gave in . It was so-so for the first fifty pages , but after that point I felt as if I was slogging through mud . Get to the friggin ' mountain already , Bilbo ! The Hobbit is little more than a high-falutin ' fairy tale with a cheap ending . I feel sorry for anyone who believes it to be `` the greatest book ever written '' -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- . Truly , you need to widen your reading experience .
 This book is a shame because J.R.R. Tolkien writes very well ; but the topic is not interesting at all . How can you expect one to read about dwarves fighting a dragon , dwarves going to war with elves , ` Wood-elves ' imprisoning dwarves ? , or the evil , horrible ` Wargs ' !? You can either like or dislike a book like this .
 I admit I did n't read the fine print on this and did n't realize it would n't work on the Kindle FIRE . It only works on ipad , iphone and ipod touch -LRB- after purchase and trying to make it work on my FIRE , I finally put it on my ipad -RRB- . I guess that 's okay -LRB- and listening to Tolkien 's actual voice is really COOL ! -RRB- but it seems RIDICULOUS that on the Kindle FIRE , built to play audio and video , you ca n't read this book . Seems like Amazon is shooting themselves in the foot by only having it play on Apple devices ! I hope that they fixes this soon so I can have it on my FIRE too . Sheesh !
 Horrible audio , terrible voices , vast majority of the book was left completely out of the production . Please fine a better one
 There are many options for purchasing The Hobbit , and this edition is one to avoid . Cheap paper and binding . This was purchased as a gift - and I was sorry .
 I am not a Tolkien fan , I 've realized . I could drum up no interest whatever in his stories OR his characters .
 I ordered the book because I lost my childhood copy of the `` Hobbit '' . They advertise this cover and received a completely different cover copy of the book . Very upsetting . I was looking for this particular edition .
 sometimes when i was reading this i just feel like why am i reding this ?? people told me that its a goodbut technically it makes no sense at all . its not tht great honestly .
 With The Lord of the Rings comming out I picked up The Hobbit about three weeks ago and tried to read it . I thought I would be able to at least get to The Fellowship of the Ring so I could try to go see the movie this Christmas break -LRB- I 'm a pretty fast reader for a fourteen year old girl -RRB- . However I 'm just reaching page 250 in this book and though everyone promised me it would get interesting I 'm still waiting.I find Bilbo an interesting character but quite frankly he did n't pull at me like characters such as Harry Potter and Novalee Nation . And Gandalf annoyed me more than I can express . Though I 'm not finished with the book , I must say I hope that The Fellowship of the Ring is plenty better .
 This is definently the absolute worst book I have ever read ! The plot , which is almost non-existent , is so rediculous and `` out there '' that the entire reading experience was boring . I would not ever recommend this book !!
 Perhaps i do n't know much about books , but the description of the book is wrong as it states 1973 when in fact is much more recent than that .
 This book was pretty bad . Shame on all of the people who gave it 5 stars and encouraged me to read it . It was boring . There was no character development outside of Bilbo , and I despised his character . It was filled with stupid songs , and had the most unimaginitive monsters I have ever read about in a fantasy novel . This book has turned me off from reading any of Tolkien 's other books .
 I just do n't see how everyone loves this book . It is a * never ending * tale of Bilbo Baggins and his ` journey ' with the wizard and dwarves . J.R.R. Tolkien is a quite horrible writer ... the story goes on and on and on , continuing with them hiding in a cave , fighting a dragon , or another thing of that sort . I am a pre-teenager and I still can not focus on it because of its pure stupidity .
 This book had way to many characters ! Is boring from start to end and has no point ! What the hell does this book mean ?
 All I 've heard about is how highly acclaimed the book `` The Hobbit '' is , but I completely disagree . This is one of the most boring , over-rated , and tedious books I have ever read . What even possess a person to say it is the best book they have ever read is beyond me .
 I almost worshipped JRR before I read The Hobbit ! I am a huge fan of The Lord of the Rings not only because of the intricate plot and the plethora of characters but also the stylized writing and the `` invention '' of a `` language '' with its relevant syntax and the fantastic , garagantuan history of all the characters.Where LOTR has all this and more to offer , The Hobbit comes across as a badly written tale with no sense of pace or plot . It is the most abyssmal plodding reading possible ! I ca n't imagine the audience for whom the book was written-is it children ? ... because it is terribly juvenile and silly -LSB- but definitely not in an enjoyable way-mostly annoying and idiosyncratic -RSB- ... but if the target audience IS children , the stylized writing and archaic use of English completely upsets that purpose ! And it can most definitely not be for an adult audience for it has nothing to offer to the current generation of fantasy readers.If you have n't read it and are thinking of buying it-my suggestion would be that you do n't ! And btw the foreword and backpage comments from famous authors mention that it is an exercise in `` escapism '' which is what the fantasy genre was called back when the book was written ... please spare yourself . If you have children , please buy them Artemis Fowl or Pendragon or any of the Issac Assimov books . If you read fasntasy for your own pleasure-ditto . But then again LOTR is an undisputed masterpiece . I apologize for this trenchant review ... but I was horribly disappointed that someone of the stature of JRR can write something so unpalatable !
 I could never seem to get into this book ; why ? It is a tale of ` Bilbo Baggins ' and his journey with Gandalf and the dwarves to find treasure , and defeat the ` evil dragon ' , Smaug . It seems pointless ; adventure after adventure , many characters , and no main theme . It was a childish and boring book -LRB- as well a series -RRB- .
 Why was this book written ? I was forced to read it against my will by my english teacher . Why it is a `` classic , '' I 'll never know . There are WAY too many characters and place names . THe guy who wrote this really needed to get a life . Perhaps I 'd have liked it better if I had n't had a Stephen King book sitting on my desk begging to be read . I thought that once I 'd finished it that I was through , but I was n't so lucky . My teacher then forced us to read the first part of the Lord of the Rings trilogy . That book is even worse than this one , but that 's a whole other review . So , in conclusion , I beg of you , whatever you do STAY AWAY FROM THIS BOOK AT ALL COSTS !!!!!!!
 I 've been dying to read this book so when I saw it for the Kindle I was super excited . But when I bought it and started reading it there was only 1 page in each chapter !!
 If you 're looking for an actual 1966 printing , or even 1973 then this is n't the place to get it . I purchased a copy and received the Barnes & Noble 1997 collector 's edition , which has the same cover and dust jacket designs , by the way . Nope , nope , nope !
 `` The Hobbit -LRB- Enhanced Edition -RRB- -LSB- Kindle Edition With Audio/Video -RSB- `` Would n't most responsible people read this line and expect a full functioning version on the brand new Kindle Fire !!! seriously . . do n't advertise it this way if does n't work this way ... I love the Hobbit and was so looking forward to this new version with audio from J.R.R. Tolkien himself ... what a rip off !! how disappointing to see Amazon stoop so low ...
 Ok so the world is a big place and it 's full of strange people but I am surprised that anyone could be very impressed with the `` Leatherette '' editions of LOTR and The Hobbit . These editions are not ones I can imagine any discerning collector would want to own.I bought the two books because I am not a fan of Alan Lee 's work and I could n't find any other current hardback editions that used Tolkien 's original drawings , -LRB- as the `` Leatherette '' Hobbit does -RRB- . The truth is though that these are the most tacky and tasteless editions I 've seen and the print and paper quality of both books is very poor . The colouring of the drawings in The Hobbit is a disgrace and numerous pages in my copy of the LOTR were so smudged they were unreadable.Don ' t buy them if you have n't already and if you 've already made the mistake send them back with a complaint and write a scathing review to try and save someone else the trouble .
 The actual audio for this audiobook is enjoyable -LRB- what I was able to listen to -RRB- but beware I 've now purchased 2 sets of these only to find that the disks were damaged . Scratched , glue on them , some unknown substance on another . Not to mention lots of black dust particles that would not blow off easily . The discs are packed in hard cardboard sleeves . Not exactly forgiving .
 The illustrations shown in the preview of this book are David Wenzel illustrations from his own illustrated version of The Hobbit . Very excellent they are , too -- but from a different illustrated version of `` The Hobbit . ''
 The book that was sent to me Had No book box that is displayed in picture , it has a different cover all together , the pages were highlighted on and marked , wow ! it was in poor shape!By Far the worst book I have ever bought from amazon ! The Book in the picture is not the book that was sent !! Do n't buy from these folks they are Liars
 This listing came up for me when looking for a graphic adaptation of the Hobbit for my school age boys . Unfortunately what I received was a trade paperback . when I contacted the seller , I was told that was what I ordered . they are issuing a return , but this listing is WRONG . I am sorry I did n't take the advice of an earlier reviewer .
 The book is about a young hobit that goes on an adventurer to get rid of a ring that if you w where it you turn e ebook
 I had no idea the text in this book would be so tiny . I guess I did n't really know what the description of &#34; Pocket Edition &#34; really means
 I bought this book for my 13 year old son . He was n't interested so I 'm reading it and like it . He said it was over his head but I do n't think it is a hard read .
 I didnt really enjoy this book because it was hard for me to understand . I understood the characters and i could picture what they looked liked because it has good discription , but other than that the rest of the book did n't grab my intrest . The biggest reason I did n't like this book was probably because it was n't real , like how the hobbits lived under ground . After reading this book I relized that i 'm just not into fantasy stories .
 I must confess , I did not like the hobbit until I heard it dramatized , and then only somewhat . The tone of the book treats the reader like he/she is a child , the story is amateurish , although I am told it is symbolic . For real fantasy , this is not it .
 i have waited almost a month and still have not received my book . if i had known this woukd happen i would have looked elsewhere because this was meant as a christmas gift
 I have nothing to say about the story except I enjoy it . However , I am disappointed in the edition that my husband selected for me . It has some mar 's on some pages , there is nothing special about it except it is called `` Collector 's Edition '' and it was printed in China , not in the USA .
 Despite the many 5-star reviews of this book , I believe `` The Hobbit '' is overrated and boring . How is this book able to be read by grown adults ? I do not think of this book as important ; I think of it as a fantasy with absolutely no importance .
 I HAD TO READ THIS BOOK FOR SCHOOL . AND IT IS THE MOST BORING INCOMPREHENSIBLE BOOK I HAVE EVER HAD TO READ ! MAYBE BECAUSE I WAS FORCED TO READ IT ... MAYBE BECAUSE IT REALLY IS A BAD BOOK . I JUST ABSOLUTELY DETEST IT ! AND I 'M ONLY 13 !
 The hobbit is actually one of my favorite books . Many of the people who are forced to read this book ca n't understand it because it is above their level of reading . Hey , I can understand you . Wait until you 're ready and try it again . Try to be Bilbo , an elf , or a warg or whatever . You ca n't enjoy a book if you ca n't understand what is said . You have to wait and try again . Sure it might not be a five star for you -LRB- which I thought to make mine -RRB- but you will know why teachers get kis to read this book . Very few kids before high school today are ready for the hobbit . this is a shame , but that is the way it is . The hobbit is only A -RRB- how good you make it out to be and B -RRB- how well you can understand it . Good-Luck *****
 If you have some extra time on your and feel like pissing it away , then read this book . I love literature ; however , I can not believe I wasted valuable hours of my life on reading this so called book . I 've read technical manuals that are more interesting . If there is someone you really do n't like , suggest that they read this book .
 I feel The Hobbit was not only the worst piece of literature I have ever read , but the most borring . This is from a students point of view . I had to read The Hobbit for an assignment , and let me tell you , I can not even count the number of times I fell asleep while reading the book . After reading the book , I bought the cliff notes , as a last resort , and , they were even as bad as the book !! No help came from them ! Teachers should n't give students that type of book to read as an assignment , it was very difficult to understand , and I feel the book should be abridged if its going to be given out to students
 The book is definitely for children and if they have a Kindle fine , but I can not recommend it for adults . My book club selected it for the month of September and most of us are bored and can not recommend this for adults .
 i thought this book was the dumbest book i have read in a long time . i hated it . i found it very hard to get into with all the characters listed in it . i would give it 0 stars if i could .
 My boyfriend tried to buy this through Audible.com and was told that certain books were n't available in some parts of the country-that authors have some sort of restriction placed on them -LRB- apparently even dead ones -RRB- . Bizarre . The customer service guy could n't explain why Audible.com had made this version visible and purchasable in our location and denied that charging a monthly fee for what amounts to false advertising was the intent of Audible.com . The whole scenario stunk and after receiving a refund , I ca n't imagine ever using this company again .
 Everyone I 've ever heard from who has read Tolkein ether loves him or hates him , and having The Hobbit as assigned reading seems to greatly raise the likelyhood of hating it . It 's just too much of a `` My First Fantasy Novel '' to really interest me , even when I first read it at age 10 or so . Of course , by then , I was already into Mercedes Lackey and other fantasy , so the almost-nonexistant character personalities and and uninteresting creatures -LRB- Orcs and one smelly dragon.Wow . -RRB- showed their true blandness in contrast.And where are the female characters ? E-mail me if there are some and I 've just forgotton , but from what I remember , there are no women at all that are more than just mentioned . Was Tolkien really that much of a chauvenist?If you thought that this book was okay , but not fantastic , and that some parts were a bit too boring , whatever you do , DO NOT READ THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING !!!! It 's even more boring!Take my advice . I know Tolkein was the first , but did he have to make it so obvious ?
 The Hobbit I found was boring and so happy it was annoying . The characters are so happy it 's annoying . I like characters with a lot of back ground and I like many characters I can relate to . A bunch of identical dwarves do n't do the job . They also do n't fit the spirit of dwarves , but then again after time they evolved into the grumpy alchoholics fantasy tends to portray them as . All the characters were corny and annoying . Anyway , do n't get me wrong about it . I understood it . I loved the Dragonlance chronicles and Wheel of Time which made this book look so childish . I 've heard Lord of the Rings is much better so I might read that . It does n't seem as happy perfect utopia where elves dance and sing songs all day as The Hobbit was .
 Please note that this review is specifically about the non-BBC audiobook version.I adore `` The Hobbit . '' My first memory of my father is hearing him read the first page of the book to me as a very young child , and I 've read the book countless times since then . Given my long commute currently , I 've become a big fan of audiobooks . I picked this up with high hopes.What a let down . The audiobook is abridged , although the package did n't note that anywhere , the abridgement choices are odd at best -LRB- leave in Beorn but take out almost everything of Rivendell ? -RRB- , the voice actors seem to be interested in portraying the characters as comically and unpleasantly as possible -LRB- I want to give all of the elves in the audiobook some throat lozenges -RRB- and to top it all off , the sound quality is incredibly poor and inconsistent ...
 Now that I have read The Hobbit I must conclude that the reason for its apparent fame and renown was its novelty when it was published . Perhaps this book was the first of the fantasy genre , pioneering paths that would inspire and guide other fantasy writers for decades to follow . However , on top of this I must say that I personally found the book dreadfully unexciting . I am sure that if you have ever played Dungeons and Dragons or any similar RPG game you would have invented a story with a far more suspenseful , coherent , and intriguing plot than this one . Of course , the character of Bilbo Baggins -LRB- the hobbit -RRB- is cute and quaint to say the least , his character does not exceed the shallow heroes of most average science fiction/fantasy books -LRB- you know , that clueless maverick who despite his befuddlement always comes out on top -RRB- ... Unfortunately , Bilbo 's 13 companions are similarly left undeveloped in a story that could have brought out so much in them . I have heard that The Lord of the Rings trilogy is better , so I will read that next , but for now I have no further positive remarks about Mr. Tolkien .
 When I first found this book it excited me . After reading it , I must say that I now despise it . After only a few pages , I began to see darkness under its shallow mask . I ca n't believe people would buy a book of this caliber . It irritates me to no end . Let me begin my journey.It was a sunny Tuesday if I remember correctly . I was taking my unicycle home and noticed an eight year old kid waiting for the bus . I did n't want this kid to beat me up , so I had to look bigger than him , as I do with most mammals . I approached the kid with an awry grin on my face . The lonely rider stared up at me with terror . My plan was working . To be honest , I was terrified on the inside , but I had to show this animal who 's boss . I hovered over him , completely shrouding him in my shadow . I won . The kid broke . He ran screaming . That sure taught him . I grabbed my spoils from his seat . His backpack contained few items . Some of the better ones included some stickers , a ham sandwich , and this book . I beat my chest in victory , then proceeded to skip home.I sat down in my porcelain throne at my house and skimmed through the book . Seemed at the time like just a children 's fable . How wrong I was . I flipped back to the first page and began to read it for real . The first thing that struck me was the book trying to explain what a Hobbit was . I swore the book and ripped out this page . I did not dare read that in fear of a satanic summoning ritual . I proceeded with caution.The first chapter starts out fairly simple . An odd rabbit creature -LRB- presumably a hobbit , but I was not sure -RRB- was living in a hole like the scum he was . Pretty soon , he is visited by an older gentlemen named GrandGolf , or something of the sort . This character is my favorite at the moment . Grandgolf sees the rabbit creature and is immediately disgusted by it , insisting this creature leave his home , or be slain by him there . The rabbit is enlisted into the army and becomes the slave of Grandgolf . He now must travel with Grandgolf 's company if he wishes to escape an eternal damnation.The book only goes down from here my friends . The author tries to envelop us in creatures that I think he made up himself . What am I ? Eight ? How am I to believe these lies without proof ? I feel saddened about how lonely this author must have been in order to imagine such divine creatures . Without anything backing it up , none of this book is solid . How am I to believe that things such as trolls , dwarves , and wolves exist ? I must confess that many of these ideas made me confused throughout the book . However , I press on hoping it will pick up , only to find myself losing more of my sanity.Sluggishly I continued the fantasy story of Tolkein . It made me queasy to start reading again , but I trudged on with a vengeance now . The rabbit continued reluctantly on his quest , hoping to ultimately escape the powers of Grandgolf the wizard . Until then , he lays awake at night , hoping for someone to save him . Eventually the party must cross a mountain . This is where the rabbit decides to make his grand escape . Without thinking , he kicks one of the dwarves in the crotch and jumps down with reckless abandon . He must have hit his head on a rock or something because he wakes up later.He opens his eyes to probably the most beautiful site in the book . A small creature called a Gollum rests on a rock in the middle of an underwater lake bantering to himself . This character has got to be the most believable in the book so far . Having been driven mad from the illusions that had been fabricated by the heinous author , he now sits quietly and often has discussions with himself . The rabbit , now crazy as well , sees this Gollum as salvation from the overbearing wizard-kind . He approaches it without hesitation and quickly falls in love.The rabbit grasps the hands of the Gollum , and after several sloppy make-out sessions they get married and the Gollum gives the rabbit a ring . With the loot in hand , the rabbit decides he has everything he needs and decides to divorce the Gollum . The Gollum does not like this one bit . It goes into a raging fit and chases after the rabbit with but a broken heart . With his quick thinking , the rabbit puts on the ring , which happens to give it super powers . The rabbit turns invisible , leaving the broken Gollum to wallow in pity and self loathing . The rabbit makes his way out of the mountain , only to fall back into the clutches of the warlord dwarves . Normally , the rabbit would curse himself for being so careless , but now he had the upper hand . With the wedding ring of super powers he can finally take his revenge on those who he had called master.The rest of the book is quite trivial as the rabbit finds ways to kill off his owners one by one , eventually teaming up with a dragon to conquer the world . I did n't feel like reading the rest of it in fear of spontaneous combustion , but I can tell it was n't going anywhere.From what I have read of this book I can tell that an amateur wrote it . With it 's false ideals and creatures there is no possible way that any book in this manner can be taken seriously . It has okay characters overall , and the sex scenes were alright as well . I just wish that the author had highlighted the theme of rebellion in a more positive manner instead of taking the route he did.I believe that this book receives more praise than it should be getting . I can hardly believe that this book was based off the movie . The differences are very uncanny and it 's almost impossible to see this book and the movie under the same title as one in the same . Without the movie , I doubt anybody would have heard of this book , and I find it hard to call this a classic in anything but age .
 When I compare this story to those in the Harry Potter series , the Hobbit fails to impress . The Hobbit seems to be endless -LRB- I am still reading it -RRB- , but not in a way that holds my interest . I ca n't imagine reading another book in this series.I am not a kid , I am 78 and started reading Harry Potter when I was 68 . I read a great deal and I have gone back and re-read books from my past including Silas Marner and others . I read War and Peace for the first time this past fall - it is a brilliant story.I recently read The Life of PI which was a good tale.Clearly , the Hobbit and other stories by Tolkien have wide appeal - it least the films - , but not for me .
 Thankfully I borrowed this from a friend and did not spend my own money on it . I was excited to listen to the BBC Radio version of the Hobbit because not only do I love the story , I love listening to great stories while driving in my car , which is why I own several audio books . This version of The Hobbit was very poorly executed . The voices were sometimes whispers and sometimes too loud , the accents were unbearable , and the music was too loud during some points and just plain awful . I honestly could not force myself to listen to any more of it once I had gotten through the first two discs . I feel bad for anyone who listens to this and has not previously read The Hobbit . For anyone who does not already know the story , they would probably be confused story-wise and would have a bad impression of the book itself .
 I downloaded my favorite book , the Hobbit to my Kindle Fire . Sat down for a evening of reading pleasure before the fireplace and three chapters into the book I had to shut it off in disgust . The lines throughout those first chapters were often repeated , misplaced , or just plain missing . I could have found the One Ring faster than try to follow the bad editing mistakes from one page to the next . I do not know how the written work is transferred from book to e-book , but when they did the Hobbit , someone hit the mead a bit early . It is a shame to take any author 's work and make this big of a mess of it . Stay with the RL books for this selection .
 If you 're looking for annotations like what is in the book , dont buy this . There are none except for what you see in the preview . The book has some illustrations by Tolkein but that 's it . There are audio links of Tolkien speaking some poems and such , but on the Kindle Fire , they do n't work either . This book is just another copy of the Hobbit with some additional background of how the story came to be and nothing else .
 Okay , if you 've never in your life read an epic fantasy then you might like it . But still , when I read this book I was at a point where I was reading four hundred-page novels per two to three days , but it took me hours to get through the first couple chapters . It does n't really make sense how the dwarves would want such a bumbling fool to help them . And anyway , dwarves and Hobbits , etc. , etc. are n't exactly my favorite fantasy races . Oh well .
 A story that will leave you speechless.Bilbo Baggins will make you beleve in magic again . A fine prequel to the Lord of the Rings .
 Actually , I would prefer to give it zero stars . In a number of attempts to read this thing , I succeeded in falling asleep every time . In ten or so attempts I was able to get no further than page 15 . So dull .
 This has to be the most boring book I 've read in my life . I had to read this book as a requirement for my school and let me tell you i failed the test miserably . This book was so horrible . I did n't understand it because it was n't clear writing . I 'd advise anyone to not read it but if you have to I feel for you .
 this book was worse than average than average . that is really bad . dont read it . watch tv instead . 1 star was the worst allowed
 this isnt a good book and i suggest u not read it cuz it will just make u not want to read any othe tolkien books !!!!
 This book , sorry to say , REALLY SUCKS !! Maybe becuase its a child 's novel is the reason i did ` nt like it but let me say something if your 15 up i DO NOT recomend this book for you !!!!
 Do not read this book . There was absolutely nothing about answering how long it would take to go by boat or by tomorrow . Does n't make sense ? It does n't have to make sense it is all fantasy . And what 's this thing about hairy feet ? Oh yes , the Joy of Cooking was never mentioned as being on Bilbo 's cook book shelf in his little Hobbit house . Very disappointing . I would have given the book 0 stars but this is n't an option . And why did n't the author stay alive long enough to defend his work from this vicious critique ?
 Do n't read this book , it is impossible to follow , has way too many details , and was down right boring . Horrible book .
 This Book was just too childish . I Heard that it was a timeless classic , so i payed a whopping $ 12 which could have easily better spent . For an adult to enjoy this novel is just beyond my belief . I am 14 myself and after reading it it was plainly ment for parents to read to their 6 or 7 year olds as they fall asleep . With such childish names almost always ryming with another -LRB- example
 Unfortunately Amazon has mashed together all the Hobbit reviews . But the comic/graphic novel version is different enough to warrant it 's own review pool.I bought this expecting to love reliving the Hobbit in a visual format . But that did n't happen . This adaption is just flat and missing so much of the magic Tolkien created . I suppose that 's a given when you replace so much of his expertly crafted words with pictures.If nothing else , read the standard version of the Hobbit first before trying this . Reading this first will just spoil what a great book the Hobbit is .
 Disappointed didnt receive the item at all and the transaction said it was successful even got an email confirmation saying my order was successful
 I love the book , and sent it to my wife as a gift , but since it won ' y display on her Fire , I have to give it one star . Funny , because the sample displays on minejist fine -LRB- but not on hers -RRB- .
 Despite the fact that the product description says `` Kindle edition '' IT IS NOT COMPATIBLE with the Kindle Fire.I got to the end of the first chapter and discovered there are no more chapters.So I paid $ 12.99 for one chapter of the book , some pretty pictures and an essay by Christopher Tolkien.No audio.Worst experience with Amazon ever.I am disgusted .
 - quality of the printing ... excellent - quality of the binding ... good - usefulness for actual reading ... poor . It 's too heavy for that . - usefulness for collectors ... none . This edition has been in print for over 20 years . - Fold out map ... good in a pinch . Not a substitute for Fonstad 's Atlas of Middle Earth . - content ... priceless
 This book is printed on really thin paper that tears easily - much more easily than other paperbacks in my collection . I have already ripped two pages just reading the story to my daughter , and I 'm only on page 85 . I purchased this new version because the product page indicated it included pictures , but the pictures are all rough b/w drawings that do not enhance the story .
 i did n't like this book very much . it seemed more like a children 's book compared to lotr . Just an opinion
 Why is this book so well loved ? Perhaps it gets better upon rereading many times ? If I could ever make myself reread it.Now , I am a HUGE fantasy reader ; if I 'm not reading classic literature , I have a fantasy novel in my hand . Therefore , I should be predisposed to love The Hobbit , right ? Not so , apparently . I 've picked up and started the book three times . I just can not get into it . The characters are flat and boring and their actions do not inspire or excite me . I had to make myself sit down and read it , which took a very long time with many books read in between . I am a great reader and love nothing more than to sit down with a book , so when there is a book that I must force myself to read -LRB- which have n't been all that many -RRB- then that says something to me.In some ways I envy all those who adore this book ; what are you getting out of it that I am not ?
 It 's been nearly 3 weeks and it has n't shipped yet . Are you guys printing it out a paragraph at a time and then sending it to a bindery?If it gets shipped tomorrow I still wo n't get it by the maximum arrival date of January 9th .
 It took me a while to actually read this book . I had started it when I was in junior high , but became too swamped with school reading to finish it . Perhaps I would have enjoyed it more then . It 's not that it 's bad ... it 's just sort of plain.I guess you have to take into account that it was written in 1937 , which I did n't realize until I finished it . I had always assumed that `` the Hobbit '' and its earthy themes was a product of the sixties . Apparently not . So this means that the world was a very different place when this book was written.I also tried to keep in mind that the whole fantasy genre grew out of `` The Hobbit '' and `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy ; so these progenitors may seem tired because a lot of what I have already read has drawn quite liberally from these sources . Or maybe I 'm biased against the whole adventure story thing . The risk of the adventure story is that the adventure * is * the story and that each part of the adventure is an isolated incident with no bearing on the next . In the case of `` The Hobbit '' , there 's the orcs , then the goblins , then Gollum , and so on . And , yes , Bilbo grows with each incident . But the story is so consumed with the incidents that it includes precious little else . The characters are flat and predictable -- and I think I 'm supposed to like Bilbo , but I do n't . I know he 's supposed to be the anti-hero , the everyman rising to the occassion . But I just find him annoying.I have another issue with the narrator . Yes , I know it 's the whole bard thing , I get it . It still does n't stop me from thinking that there is a better way of telling this story . It 's a little more aimed at kids than I remember when I attempted it a long time ago . Which may account for the lack of description , which , when included , is very vague in this novel . I want to know more than cusory details . When Bilbo gets lost in the mountain and stumbles upon Gollum , I never got the cloying sensation of twisting , dark tunnels . Instead , we are treated to something that is more akin to directions . Left . Right . Down , down , down . It cuts right to the action , so there 's no tension and release . Things just happen and go away.And that , friends , is the whole problem in a nutshell : Things happen and go away.I am told that Tolkien wrote this as a bedtime story . I do n't know if that 's true , but it does have that sort of quality to it . I feel bad saying this , because I know it 's a classic , but I think I like the animated movie better ... Good for kids , adults will be disappointed ... Unless , of course , you 're a fan . In which case , you hate me .
 This is supposed to be an enhanced edition , but audio content is not working on any of my devices including the Kindle.The story is of course worth 5 stars , but selling an enhanced version that does not work is worth `` no stars '' or a single star.Just get the regular version is my recommendation .
 I was looking forward to getting this book because I had seen it a while back but could never find it and when I finally received this , I was upset . I was sent the 50th anniversary edition of The Hobbit not what I ordered . as well as it was an old library book . the checkout card was still inside and had the library stamp on all sides of the books sides . Just know that the book in the image is not the book you 'll receive . This was a very disappointing purchase .
 This is not in my book selections . I keep having problems with digital downloads to Surface RT from Amazon . Do not understand their problems .
 I am aware that when I review this and say I strongly disliked this book am in the minorty . The plot of The Hobbit was good and interesting . However the author was very wordy and overly desctiptive and after a while it got annoying . reading this was like chewing cardboard , flavorful cardboard , because of the interesting plot , but cardboard nonetheless.I read the unabriged edition and so the abriged vertion may be less wordy and therefore better .
 The publishers have really let readers down with this 70th Anniversary Edition . While the binding is excellent , and rare color illustrations by the author have been included , the book is poorly printed on cheap paper , the black & white illustrations are appalingly reproduced -LRB- seemingly on a cheap scanner -RRB- , and the first chapter of ` Fellowship of the Ring ' has been crammed -LRB- in small type -RRB- into the back of the book , like the sequel to some crummy D&D ; novel.Bitter disappointment . The old hardcover edition , while not very well bound , was much nicer , printed on crisp white paper with the original b & w ; illustrations very well reproduced.When will publishers learn ... ?
 I 've heard the broadcast before and know it 's a great show , but this release of it contains `` green '' packaging . In other words , cheap cardboard-sandwiched discs of which I personally guarantee that each one will come with more scratches than the behind of a dwarf in a sand-laden speedo . Again - not green as in soft green grass , but green as in the greenbacks the company makes from this type of cut in quality.If a company had pride in its product it would have at least foregone the post consumer content grade recycled paperboard and upgrade to paper sleeves . Or better yet , perhaps a $ 3 jewel case that holds all 5 discs ? The exterior box is certainly large enough for a nice plastic jewel case . Instead it contains a cheap , thin , cardboard book of the discs that takes up all of 1/3 of the interior space . The rest of the box is loaded with a large cardboard insert as filler.These type of -LRB- goblin -RRB- antics are why people stop buying audio CDs and look for other means to acquire their audio -LRB- preferably without the aid of a burglar -RRB- . I certainly wo n't buy any more products from AudioGO or BBC Audiobooks without holding the product first . The NPR wood box set of the Hobbit radio drama at least shows some class ... and -LRB- not an official review -RRB- from when I last held the wood box set , I could say that the discs were protected enough that not even scratches from Smaug would be of concern .
 Since having difficulty visualizing these characters , I find reading this novel a very hard slog . Is it because fantasy is not my favourite genre in literature ? And I need to read it as an assignment . Or is it because ` who cares ' what happens to this Hobbit . ` The Hobbit ' is a classic and maybe with subsequent readings , -LRB- many -RRB- I 'll learn to enjoy the Hobbits adventures and its multi-levelled meanings .
 I found Mr. Inglis ' voice characterizations to be poorly conceived and executed , and consequently this audiobook pales when compared to the two fully dramatized versions of The Hobbit by Minds Eye and the BBC , both beautifully realized . I grant that this is an unabridged reading , not a dramatization , but for an example of how the characterizations could have been accomplished , and for sheer listening pleasure you must compare this to the Harry Potter audio books read by Jim Dale . Jim Dale brings the characters to life in his reading with amazingly diverse voice characterizations , speech affectations , differing accents and pacing , such that the voices really suit the characters . In comparison , Mr. Inglis has a very narrow range of voice characterizations , and to my taste his characterizations were distinctly amateurish , flat and one-dimensional really , which was surprising in light of his Shakespearian credentials and disappointing after my experience with the triumph that Jim Dale brought us in the Potter series . In addition there are some rather horrible errors which should have been caught , and these now seem telling in the overall sparkless , indifferent and uninspired performance of this classic . An example of one such error
 I read `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy before the movies came out in anticipation of them , having always put them off for one reason or another . Naturally I was drawn to this book afterwards as a way of looking for some of the background to the story . Honestly , I do n't know what it is and hate myself for saying this , but I simply did not like this book . I 'm not sure if it 's the style of the narration or what it is , but I found it a struggle to read . I normally read until the end of a chapter and then stop for the time being , but with The Hobbit I found I could barely get through one chapter in a sitting . I know that many are going to hammer me as `` not helpful '' for knocking the book , but I just want readers to understand that this book , much like LOTR , is not for everyone . The LOTR is a much better read than this one , and in my opinion The Hobbit is really only a necessary read for those diehard fans who really need to know where it all began .
 The book i received was different than the one in the Picture , and in much Worse condition that i expected.I was disappointed with the quality of this product . It 's in terrible condition and seems as though it has been through 17 owners and should only be worth 10 cents .
 There is no action , no underlying them , it 's too gory , but , it was n't horrible . I personally could never get through it , but I 've gotten about halfway various times , and I do n't care for it . The reading level is about the same a Black Beauty , which I read in second grade . However , you never get to really like any characters , and there is n't any kind of theme . As Tolkein says , if you like there-and-back again kind of books , read the Hobbit . I would recommend it to middle school boys who enjoy action figures and role playing battle games . And people with no life and lots of time .
 This book did n't expand my imagination , like Harry Potter does . It was slow moving , and quite uneventful , until the very end . The book did n't become decent , until it was almost over . The ending was exciting . But every event up until then meant very little to me and did very little for me . I did n't even like the style in which the book was written . I actually give it 2 and half stars , because it was n't horrible . At one point I did enjoy reading it . I just did n't think it was the great book every says it is . However I will read the whole Lord of the Ring series . Because it is not an insufferable book .
 The little people win , of course , but boy does it take awhile for THAT to happen .
 Seeing the cover of this book , I assumed I was purchasing art . Serious misjudgment on my part . The comic strip format is clumsy and choppy . The editing is poor , cutting up this classic into sound bites fit only for Mad Magazine . What a huge disappointment .
 Call me crazy , but I did n't think that this book was that great . I had to read this book over the summer for an English class , and I have to say , I had my doubts before I even bought it . I 'm not too big into the fantasy genre -- I still have n't read the Harry Potter books , and I stopped with Tolkien 's works after I read The Hobbit . As I began to read the book , I felt myself drifting off and not thinking about the book . I just could not get into it . By the middle , I was forcing myself to pay attention , but still , I was unsuccessful . I finally managed to finish the book , and all I could think of , was that I was glad it was over with . I do n't enjoy reading books that I have to force myself to finish , so if you are a not a fan of the fantasy books , do NOT waste your time with this book .
 I do n't know what it is , but I never really liked or understood the Lord of the Rings movies . Everyone else seemed to love them and I kind of felt left out , so I asked my cousin , a big fan , to explain them to me . He told me to go read The Hobbit.I gave this book a concerted effort , and after plodding through for its 300 pages , I still did n't like it and I 'm still pretty confused . The hobbit and these elf guys get together , wander around for most of the book , fight off a few evil things and come back home . I think the reason so many men like this stuff whereas it 's harder for some women to get into it is because this is the ultimate appeal to men 's hunter instincts . They love stuff like this , chasing around things and fighting things and going off wandering in the woods . I guess I 'm the woman who would rather be back gathering berries and looking after the kids . If you do n't like Lord of the Rings , chances are you wo n't like the books either . To all the girls out there who just do n't `` get '' Lord of the Rings , you 're not alone!That being said , I 'm glad I stuck with this book and read it to the end , if only because so many other books , TV shows , even everyday conversations refer to it . I am reading Stephen King 's The Stand right now and he mentions The Hobbit . In fact he says The Hobbit inspired him to write The Stand . It 's important to have a knowledge of some of the most influential books out there . It 's a necessary book to get through , whether or not you like it .
 The Hobbit , a novel by J.R.R.Tolkien , is based upon , surprisingly enough , a hobbit , named Mr.Baggins . Throughout this book , Mr.Baggins undergoes many adventures , accompanied by thirteen dwarves and , for some of the way , a wizard . His companions and himself are heading towards a mountain of gold , with a dragon waiting at the end . When finally reaching their destination , they do not know exactly what they will find . Mr. Baggins uses his magical ring , which makes him invisible , to investigate on what they are up against . Well , things are easier said than done . Actually killing the dragon was completely out of their league , so they hid and waited for the right moment . When they could n't stand hiding any longer , they came out , expecting to be burned by the dragon 's flames . To their pleasant surprise , they found that the dragon had been killed by townspeople the night before . Thinking that left the gold to them , they celebrated . Around a week later though , they went into war to claim the riches all to themselves . Winning the war did n't do too much , since they had to spare part of the gold to their alliances . When the adventure of his lifetime was drawn to an end , Mr.Baggin headed back to the center of his motivation , home sweet home . A year had passed since he had left his hobbit hole , and he could have wished for nothing more than to be back in his cozy little home .
 this was one of the most boring books i have ever read . i finished reading the book because i had to -LRB- i was going to have a test on it -RRB- . i still failed the test b/c i hated the book so much . i could not get into the novel and the characters just bored me to death . there was no point and i dont see what is so great about the novel
 This has to be the absolute WORST piece of `` literature '' I have ever read . I really like to read , but this is awful ! The paragraphs are too long with no main sentence with a few detail sentences . They are 20-30 sentences long that are so boring it reminded me of the sweet relief that death would bring ! So I repeat
 Bilbo Baggins is a Hobbit , a creature unlike anything in our world . He is small and furry but acts quite human . He lives in a little house in the side of a hill and he treasures his home , his quiet , his regular meals , and his boring life . Then one day an ancient magician , Gandalf , appears at his door . He starts Bilbo on a fantastic adventure.This adventure mainly has to do with a group of dwarves who used to live in a fantastic kingdom underneath a huge mountain far away , where they would mine for gold and precious gems and turn them into lovely works of art . At the height of their power , a dragon swooped in , killed the dwarves inside of the mountain , scattered the rest , and took up residence inside the mountain , hoarding all of the gold and gems for itself.One of the dwarves who shows up on Bilbo 's doorstep after Gandalf 's visit is the grandson of the king under the mountain . He is determined to get his rightful kingdom back , by journeying to the mountain and getting rid of the dragon.Gandalf tells the dwarves that Bilbo is a brilliant burglar and will make an excellent addition to their traveling company , and the dwarves bring the timid creature along with some reluctance . Over the course of their long journey , though , as the mountain gets closer and the dangers get worse , the company learns to respect Bilbo more , and he learns what he is truly capable of achieving.This story contains lots of plot twists and dangerous situations . I can also appreciate that much of today 's fantasy has built off of what Tolkien wrote . However , I hated the story . I found it mind-numbingly dull . There was little character development , especially in the dwarves . They had no individual personalities , which made me unconcerned for their well-being . I thought Bilbo was one of the most irritatingly weak and whiny characters in all of literature , which made me even less concerned about this story having a happy ending .
 This book is confusing and pointless . To many things happen at once , it far toooooooooo confusing !!! dragons , hobbits , elves & wizards just are n't my thing . Do n't buy this book if you have n't read it , rent it from a library or something , cuz ' if you do n't like it , it 's a big waist of money .
 I do wish I could review the book separately from the edition . But you can not so let it be known this is about the edition . For whatever reason Amazon has decided to provide this book in its ' most complete form only on the iphone/ipad . The book on the iOS platform has the audio available within it . However , on Amazon 's very own Kindle Fire HD that feature is not available . Kudo 's to Amazon for telling you that up front but I find it really sad that Amazon does not fully support its ' own platform .
 Was not like they say it should of been . The original was way better . Always be better too.Nothing else to say about it . .
 This edition is supposed to be enhanced with media clips on iOS kindle apps . No matter how many times I tried to download it , I got an error when attempting to play them and was told to delete the book and re download it .
 -LSB- This is a review of the 70th Anniversary Edition , not so much of `` The Hobbit '' itself . I 've reviewed the book proper elsewhere , and would rather focus on the actual edition itself . -RSB- `` The Hobbit '' is one of those few books that I have felt justified to buy multiple copies over the years . It is a book I have read and cherished , and a book I dearly love . `` The Hobbit '' is a novel that deserves to be bought multiple times over , and I always enjoy looking at new editions of this classic work . So imagine my excitement when I found out they would be publishing a 70th anniversary edition of one of my most cherished novels!This has been a big year for Tolkien fans . Christopher Tolkien published `` The Children of Hurin '' , a newly completed version of Turin 's legend , in April . We 've gotten -LRB- at long last -RRB- , `` The History of the Hobbit '' , expertly handled by brilliant Tolkien scholar John D. Ratcliffe and published in two separate volumes . And of course , we have the 70th anniversary of Tolkien 's first primary work , `` The Hobbit '' , which this edition is published in celebration of that momentous occasion . And does it live up as a major new edition of this fantasy classic?That 's a pretty easy answer . The answer is NO.First off , here are the positives . The 70th anniversary edition is pretty much how the first edition of `` The Hobbit '' was actually published back in 1937 with some notable improvements , and conforming to Tolkien 's pretty exacting specifications , including how the dust jacket should appear , as well as the art and maps that accompany the text.These are the notable differences between the first edition and this edition . Due to cost , Tolkien was not able from a production standpoint to have the book appear exactly as he envisioned . The 1937 publication cut some of his artwork , the map was not how he so desired , and the dust jacket , due to printing cost , was limited to three primary colours -LRB- green , black , and white -RRB- . Originally , Tolkien wanted the sun on the front cover and the dragon on the back cover to be totally in red , but this was not feasible.Obviously Tolkien 's work is successful enough that these production costs are no longer an issue , and so this is a relatively accurate facsimile of what Tolkien would have wanted to publish in 1937 had money not been an object , as it too often is in the real world . For that , this edition has some worth.Now , there are some negatives . And these are big negatives.First off , paper quality and binding . It 's bad.Then there 's the actual art work . The colour artwork is quite nicely implemented into the main text , and overall I do n't have a problem with the colour artwork from a production standpoint . The paintings are bright and colourful , and remain true to higher quality prints of Tolkien 's phenomenal painting . But unfortunately the same can not be said of the black and white illustrations . Like a reviewer said before me , it appears Tolkien 's drawings were reproduced on a cheap scanner . Tolkien 's artwork is highly valuable , but unfortunately the drawings here are rather badly reproduced in this edition.Then there 's the advertisement for `` The Lord of the Rings '' at the end that 's rather annoying . They reproduce the first chapter of `` The Fellowship of the Ring
 Ahh , the tale of how Bilbo Baggins came in possession of a ring which would turn out to be super-evil and needing immediate destruction ... some fifty years later.Bilbo Baggins is a hobbit of Bag End in the Shire - a lush , green place with butterflies and second breakfasts and where everything is ruddy nice . Then he gets visited by a wizard - Gandalf - who invites some friends of his . Without really asking Bilbo about it first . So , one by one , 13 dwarves show up uninvited on his doorstep and eat all his food , and recruit him for an adventure he does n't want to go on . An adventure to go see an old dragon called Smaug , kill it , and loot its big cave - because that cave , and indeed the whole mountain , used to belong to the dwarf leader 's father back in the pre-dragon days.And the rest of the story is about the party and their journey to said dragon-infested mountain , during which we 're introduced to dwarves , elves , trolls , goblins and a creepy creature calling itself Gollum , who has a trinket it 's quite attached to . Oh yes , and there is plenty of song lyrics as well . I tend to skip those , because they bore me to tears . I could say the same about Tolkien 's prose , but then I 'd be lying . It does n't bore me.It annoys me.My first impression when reading this book is that the tone of it feels incredibly condescending . I 'm half-expecting to feel Tolkien pat me on the head at times . Just because you 're writing to kids does n't mean you have to talk down to them . That it was written in the 1930s is not an excuse ! We could also argue about the overt racism -LRB- `` goblins must be killed because they are goblins '' -RRB- , sexism -LRB- where are the girls ? -RRB- , or even weightism -LRB- Bombur is a `` fat person '' stereotype -RRB- . There are also 13 dwarves for no reason other than that their names are quaint and funny to say because they rhyme . In truth , the only one with half a personality is Thorin . The rest are just fillers . `` The Hobbit '' promises much but is just a lot of dwarves and a hobbit faffing about , roadmovie style , except they 're mostly on foot . Perhaps revolutionary at the time and it ca n't be ignored - or stressed enough - that Tolkien sparked a great genre , but I really prefer other fantasy authors than him .2.5 out of 5 riddles .
 Like most everyone else who has reviewed The Hobbit , I 've owned several copies over the years . From a tiny , dog eared paperback that I got free from a RIF event -LRB- Reading is Fundamental - they give books to school children -RRB- to this graphic novelization . Which is why it is so hard for me to write something bad about this book.I flipping love The Hobbit.But this version is dreadful.First off , it has been abridged . Who in their right mind would cut out parts of the Hobbit?Second off the writing is so teeny weeny and with the pictures running right into the center binding , I had to break the spine to get at the dialogue to read it . Tres annoying.Third , this is sorta a recap of number one , but with the parts left out and then the pictures teeming with activities and characters , well , sometimes it was just plain hard to know what was going on.Anyway , I think instead of this book , I 'd rather buy the hardback version of The Hobbit which has pictures at the beginning of each chapter .
 I read this book and it took me FOREVER it get through . I was really struggling to get through even a couple pages of this book . I know most people do n't have a problem with it . But if you are looking for an easy book to read -- do n't choose this one . I would suggest something like Harry Potter or a different book .
 How do the publishers or Amazon get away with this ? While I love The Hobbit dearly , and consider LOTR to be my favourite book , the pricing of the Kindle edition is ridiculous . It is * more * than the price of the hardback ! I was considering picking up an electronic copy of the book for moments when I just want to dip into this classic and I 'm away from home , but I wo n't be taken for a ride like this .
 I 've read the hobbit before , and thought it would be fun to re-read it ... until I saw the price . $ 9.99 for the Kindle edition vs. $ 7.99 for the paperback edition ? Does this make sense to anyone ? : o /
 I loved this book when I was a child . It was my favorite J.R.R. Tolkien story . My niece has inherited my love of books and I wanted her to experience it also , so I got the book for her birthday . I was so happy to find it in hardcover , I had to read it in paperback . Movies leave out too much these days so I try to to get her the books first . Too bad instead of getting it in the promised two day shipping , it was late . Almost every package I get these days , that are shipped FedEx Smartpost , is late . Her mother lives some distance away but she knew how excited I was to get Brooke the book that she drove an hour to pick it up . I just wish I could have seen her face when she got it . So much for Prime two day shipping .
 The book that was sent was not the version that was advertised . I got an older version that was not correct and therefor could not use it and had to go buy the correct version . In dealing with books for future reference I advise the dealer to mail the correct advertised version so that the customer will not feel like it is a was a waste of time ordering online .
 Okay , I am probably the only person on the planet who is going to get lambasted for hating The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings . I do n't know if people read these with a preconceived notion that for their time these books were ahead of their time and convince themselves that they are great , or if they genuinely like them . However , I do n't really see any difference in the writing style or the storyline than many other fantasy books that are geared toward gradeschool , and they fall well short of modern Fantasy writers , so there 's no comparison there . And after The Hobbit , I tried to start The Lord of the Rings series and could n't get through the first book.The story dragged , the characters were great , but did n't do anything new and different from what I have already read , and for some reason I just do n't have a soft spot for these to give them kudos for historical value . Frankly I felt that the whole purpose of the story lacked depth.I even tried to watch the movies and could n't make it through a single one.I like Tolkien and have enjoyed learning about his life , but as far as his writing goes , I am not impressed .
 I thought this book was gon na be a great book , but i was wrong . Although it explains a few things in The Lord of the Rings , I expected a lot more action . It had it 's comical moments , but that was about the extent of it . I would n't recommend this book to anyone .
 -LSB- ABRIDGED -RSB- ?? You ca n't abridge Tolkien , any more than you can abridge Dickens . And who in their right mind would want an abridged edition anyway ? It 's not as if _ The Hobbit _ was a very long book . Even with _ The Lord of the Rings _ , which is far longer , all the people I know that liked it say it 's not long enough .
 Read the Amazon description of availability : `` You can listen to Audible content on up to 10 Kindle devices and up to five other devices . Kindle devices default to the standard quality setting . Kindle devices are compatible with formats 4 and Audible Enhanced AAX . Formats 1 , 2 , 3 and audiobooks provided from other sources are not supported . `` But you can not download to you ` Kindle for PC ' and there are severe limits to the other devices which you can use to listen to the audio book . Total bummer . Make sure you explore the compatibility of your device by going to Audible.com before purchasing .
 This review is for the Kindle version of the 75th Anniversary Edition of The Hobbit . Works fine on the Kindle , but audio and video that is advertised -LRB- entire reason I bought this version -RRB- does not work on the ipad Kindle app . Disappointed .
 As far as fantasy books go , this one was quite disappointing . I put off reading it for years but I finally gave in . I guess I 'm glad I did because it is another notch in my bookshelf . However , the characters are not compelling , and the story is not that great . Furthermore , the lack of female characters makes it an unbalanced read .
 Slow slow slow developing read . Old book , should have read it when I was much younger I guess . Gon na stop halfway and just go see the movie , maybe ...
 The Hobbit is neither a bad book nor a particularly great book . Everyone I have ever met who rabidly endorses the works of Tolkien invariably turns out to have read nothing else in the field of sword and sorcery literature . If you enjoy Tolkein 's books , then well and good -- but if , like me , you find his works tedious and actually rather trite , then I heartily recommend to you the novels of Michael Moorcock and Fritz Leiber .
 I did not like it too much . It was a book I could handle . It was kind of hard to understand . I did n't find gnomes fighting a dragon too interesting , but it was written well . That is why I gave it 2 stars .
 I believe the Hobbit was not a fabulouse book the way most people rave about it . The action in the book was hiddem by the words the author used and the characters could haver been described better . I reccomend the book to young readers who enjoy fantasy and adventure . I was hoping to read something more like the works of Mr. Pullman . I also did n't like the adittudes of the characters . Overall the book was mediocre .
 I ordered this edition because it is advertised as a movie tie-in edition , thinking it would have pictures from the movie in it . The only tie-in it has to the movie is the cover , everything else is the standard publication . I love this story and was quite disappointed to be misled .
 I found this book to be rather boring . I chose this book for a project , which turned out to be a mistake . It is not a long book but it took me over a month to finish because the wording was confusing and the book dragged too much . I do not reccommend this book , but it is a classic , which was the only reason I gave it two stars .
 Paid a lot because this described/pictured as the 1973 Edition . It has 1997 copyright date inside . Was misled ! ; Not worth $ $ .
 Nice to have a digital copy , . . But do n't spend money on the digital special anniversary edition . Maybe I jsut need to upgrade on to a fire or something ...
 The Hobbit is considered a literary classic for the fantasy standards it created , and though there 's a wonderful story here -LRB- the Riddles in the Dark chapter with Gollum is particularly exciting -RRB- , but I was turned off by the quick writing style that emphasizes innane background details and cordially dances past what could have been epic sequences . For example , we get a full paragraph or two describing Bilbo 's Hobbit hole , yet a measly sentence or so describing a battle in a thunderstorm between giant rock monsters . The Hobbit is an imporant piece , and many will undoubtedly love it , but I found it difficult to enjoy .
 Okay I know that alot of people liked this book but I doubt its for the reason that it was a good novel but rather because J.R.R Tolkien wrote it so it must be a good story right ? WRONG ! I found it to be extremely silly at the way that Bilbo got out of all the different situations he got himself into . Very very silly and why exactly did he have to be in this grand adventure that Gandalf insisted he be in . Nothing about Bilbo appealed to me and I absolutely found the style way to dry and dull to the point where I had to stop reading it for awhile just to get a refreshed feeling.The only part that was slightly good was with Gollum but I found a lot of the ways that Bilbo solved the riddles so really pathetic that I wondered what the point was . I meen afterall Bilbo is soooooo smart that why even ask a riddle at all ? I found Gandalf extremely annoying as well.Sorry but I hardly think Tolkien is deserving of the title ` master of fantasy . '
 I &#65533; m thrilled that I read something by Tolkien the whole way through , so that I can now , without any doubt , say that I absolutely hate his writing , and I will never pick up another one of his books again . I love fantasy , and it 's about the only genre I read these days , but Tolkien does absolutely nothing for me.The story was extremely childish -LRB- which , I suppose , makes sense , since it was written as a children &#65533; s story -RRB- . Bilbo and company would get themselves in trouble , and the solutions and the ways they got out of seemingly overwhelming circumstances were &#65533; laughable at best . Trolls get turned to stone by the coming of dawn , giant spiders easily abandon their prey at the sound of a taunt , and even the dragon proves to be less than fierce . Very silly indeed . The writing style was incredibly repetitive ! If I had to read , one more time that &#65533; Bilbo wished he was back in his hobbit hole &#65533; and not for the last time ! &#65533; I would have had it . As it was , the repetition was really trying my patience . Also , the first person narrator bothered me . Who WAS this person ? If he constantly refers to himself as &#65533; I &#65533; , then he should make it clear who he is , and how he knows all about the hobbit &#65533; s adventures ! Even the storyline was incredibly linear and predictable . There was little to no excitement in the entire book , and nothing caught me by surprise.Overall , I know my opinion is an unpopular one , and there are many fans of Tolkien 's writing . I 'll just have to accept that I 'll never be among them .
 You know , I was so excited to finally read the `` legendary '' Hobbit . It turns out that it is a fantasy book for a 3rd grade reading level and a 1st grade imagination . After reading literary masterpieces by Robert Jordan , and Aurther C. Clark , books like these seem pointless . It lacks in character developement , keeping the readers interest , and anything that you would be able to reflect on . All in all this is a poor piece of literature and I hope dearly that the Lord Of The Rings is a lot better .
 Maybe 1 star is a little low for this book ... should have given it like ... 2 , but there are just better books . how can this be the best if there is better ? i reccomend a better book like Harry Potter -LRB- 1-4 -RRB- .
 one day while sitting in my class at school , we watched a movie . instead i chose to read The Hobbit . it should have been good right ? after all ... it is so famous . i soon learned i was wrong . what a horrible book . do not read it . forget about all the other reviews . they just think bilbo the bimbo is hot . -LRB- however they could think that ... -RRB- STUPID BOOK ! id rather be forced to read the story of how grass was given the name grass .
 Yes , I had to read this book in school . It was very very boring . It was about a hobbit named Bilbo Baggins . He went on a big andventure with a bunch of dwarves and a wizard . I would not recommend this book to anyone . I did n't read this collector 's edition , but I do n't think there is much difference .
 After writing LotR Tolkien should have hunted all of his Hobbit books and burnt them in a giant bonfire.This book tells about the adventure of Bilbo Baggins , Gandalf and a number of Dwarves -LRB- I ca n't remember the actual number , because all the dwarves were so similar -RRB- . This book is so silly , juvenile and ridiculously written that it is completely unprecedented.People are defending this book by saying that it 's a childrens ' book unlike LotR . Well here 's some news for you . There are some actually good childrens ' books out there.Not all would doom this 1 star , but no way would this book be receiving so many 5 star reviews unless it was written by Tolkien.I 'm not saying someone could n't like it , but from any sane point of view it just is n't * good * . Period .
 Warning
 I read this book in my literatuure class and I fell asleep a lot . -LRB- If I was n't sleeping then I was n't paying attention -RRB- . I thought it was a crappy book . It appears that most people on this review list like it but I DO N'T !!! This was a dread to read .
 Unfortunately , I was subjected to read the first twenty or so pages of this book because I got it as a christmas present from my aunty . Not only that , I also received a compendium with the rotten book , which was of no use to me as I was not planning on ever reading it . Feel free to email me if you want this huge waste of time for free , though I strongly recomend you do n't ! This is a dangerous book and is an extremely bad influence on adolescents . Not only that , it is also more boring than having tea with nan and the relatives.DO NOT , UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES , READ THIS BOOK !
 In my opinion the author really messed up when he started dragging out sentences ... For instance , in the first chapter when Bilbo had his visitors and it was time to wash the dishes instead of saying the dishes the author chose to name every single solitary dish -LRB- the plates , pots , pans , glasses , cups , etc. -RRB- I feel that he lost a lot of interest like that . In short this book could have been a very interesting 100 to 200 page book instead of a long drawn out 300 plus book -LRB- paperback -RRB- .
 No doubt The Hobbit is classic work of literature . Unfortunately , this dramatization -LRB- as with the related Lord of the Rings Dramatization -RRB- suffer from three problems :1 . Recording Quality . This is a simple technical issue , but the audio mix is atrocious . Voice levels are unmodulated rendering many passages inaudible even with your volume set to 11 . Much of the dialogue is muddy at best . Just hearing what is being said is extremely challenging .2 . Dramatization , Not a Reading . This is not a book on tape , it is a re-written interpretation of the original . It relies almost exclusively on dialogue to tell the story . The original story is driven and paced by Tolkien 's beautiful description of locations , thoughts , feeling and atmosphere , so cutting all that out is akin to selling a dramatization of the Mona Lisa under the verbal description of `` a portrait of woman in the country '' - it just utterly falls short .3 . Gaps . Wow . They have simply edited out huge plot-line swaths of the story . Enormous chunks are neither alluded to or explained.To riff on Lucas - This is not the story you are looking for .
 The movie is probably good but for me the book stinks . With a capital S. Tried to read it twice . Each time got farther but to childish of a story . I read in the paper it was a rush job for his daugther or it was his granddaugther . Movie makes millions . Think about it . It do n't take a lot to please some people . One star not low enough !! Give me back my money . !!!
 Even with the understanding that ` The Hobbit ' is a children 's book -LRB- despite the views of those who want to lump everything Tolkien ever wrote into a single ` fantasy ' category -RRB- , ` The Hobbit 's main problem is that it just is n't very exciting.There is certainly a lot of potential , but the story moves much too slowly , and seems twice as long as it actually is ! There were some mildly entertaining scenes early on , but the endless descriptions of rather mundane activities -LRB- such as the dwarves ' past , present , and future mealtime activities , and the various kitchen utensils they used -RRB- took up too much space ! After a while , even the exciting parts of the journey began to blend together , and it all got very monotonous by the end.Even as children 's literature , it 's not very compelling . Maybe I 'm just biased , since I 'm not a big fan of this type of fantasy literature , and prefer having at least one ` Earth human ' character along . Tolkien 's rambling sentences , bad dwarf poetry , and the general ` smugness ' of his narration -LRB- which seems to change from being a typical unseen , omniscient storyteller , to Tolkien himself making asides to his children -RRB- make ` The Hobbit ' a chore to read . Where many people got sucked into the story , I just felt disconnected and boredIn fact , I did n't quite finish the book , skimming quite a bit of the middle , and not quite making it all the way through the last two chapters.I tried reading ` The Silmarillion ' first , and found it too dense , then found this one to be a very simple story which the author made far too complicated because he did n't know when to embellish and when to keep it simple . I still plan on reading ` LOTR ' someday , but for now , I need a break from talkin ' about Tolkien !
 12 year old girl hereI personally hated this book . It 's written in such hard language to understand . I would not recommend it . : -LRB-
 I expected an adventure similar to the grandeur of the &#34; Lord of the Rings &#34; and I am very disappointed . I have read 60 % and the best I can say is that the plot is flat . Tolkien learned from his mistakes in this novel when he wrote the Ring Trilogy . This book is not worth purchasing .
 Wow . . this is the worst book I 've ever read !! I would NEVER ever tell anyone to read this ! It 's just so weird and BORING . Do n't waste your money ! AHH . . I hated this book with a passion !
 I know for a fact that there are several of Hobbit fans . Though personally , I hated the first book and the entire series . Most of these people who 've reviewed books by Robert Jordan , claim that his series is just another set of stories based on the writing of the Tolkien series . Many of my friends seem to agree with me that this story was a total bliss . Bilbo is a Hobbit who seems not to do much in the story . Of course , the whole meaning of him being their , is to keep the story revolving around a world of addiction . The ending of the story is horrible and it seems that Tolkien wasted his POOR and SENSELESS usage of his brain . No offense , but the suspense was not at all amusing and you felt as if you wanted the book to end on the first page . Bilbo practically does nothing to defeat the vicious -LRB- funny word to use here -RRB- , dragon , Smaug . Surely this book was a waste of energy . The intricate details which are suppose to consist within this `` story '' are no where to be seen . The book does not unwind itself to a twisting and strange plot , but clearly a purposeless one . I despise and loathe this series tremendously . Bilbo is not exactly the character which you would find addicted to . He stammers and is basically a coward . Dwarves . Now where have I heard this word babled by little five year olds ? Oh , that 's right , Snow White and the Seven DWARVES ! For the dwarves in the story , remind you very much of the ones in the Disney classic . Idiotic and Irritating . This book is a story of your everyday savior -LRB- supposedly Bilbo -RRB- having adventures and slaying a dragon . So it 's like your medieval classics of a prince saving his beloved , only with a more dull and tasetless ... yawn . Excuse me . Just remembering that I read the book makes me just faint in exhaustion . What was I drinking when I decided to read this piece of junk ? And like all stories , there are monsters and strange happenings . Flipping through the pages , the words `` been there , done that , '' echoes through your crying mind . Crying because the story will NOT END ! Agghhh ! Gandalf the wizard is a bogus , he does absolutely nothing that would benefit to anything worth mentioning . Come to think of it , Bilbo reminds me of a pig . Small , always desiring food , foolish , cowardly , lazy ... I can go on forever . Also , the series is quite poorly written . The words used remind me of the time when I picked up my first book around the age of four . Take my word for it , this is not the sort of book which makes you read till past your regular bedtime . One more things on the dwarves . They are useless characters and this story makes me want to vomit . No originality whatsoever is involved and the pages make me wish I was not even in existence . There you have it . I would n't even give this book a star , but since that was not an option , I had to settle for a WHOLE star . I 'm just glad this guy 's dead . : -RRB-
 Why people claim to enjoy this book I 'll never know . The writing style does n't flow , the characters are n't particularly all that well developed , and the storyline is n't all that interesting . This is a prime example of what happens when Star Trek and Star Wars dorks pick up a book . They see the word `` wizard '' or `` dragon '' and get all gooey with excitement and think it 's great literature .
 i read this book in my seventh grade english class , and personally , i would n't recomend it to ANYONE ! maybe it is jsut me who does n't like fantasy novels , but i mean , seriously ... the hobbit ? gandalf ? they were such boring characters , it was as if a ten year old coul 've made up these characters . i have written many essays on the hobbit about bilbo baggins , and that he is a heroic character , but to be honest , i would NEVER do it again . it was a waste of my time to read such a bad book ! but if u do want to read it , then all i can say is , you will have to see for yourself what u will think of it ! enjoy ?
 I am currently reading `` The Hobbit '' against my will . I am in an advanced reading class , and this is the `` great book '' that the teacher is forcing us to read and testing us over it . I am about 80 pages away from the end , and this book BITES ! I can not even concentrate on what I am reading because the book is so darn BORING ! I sit there reading every single word of it , but I think about something else . I read `` Bilbo blah blah blah , '' but think `` Oh what am I gon na do today after school ? '' And then when it somes testing time , I can not remember a thing I read , and the teacher thinks I did n't read it . I really , truly hate this book . This is the worst book I have ever read ! It 's even worse than the unabrigded version of `` The Prince and The Pauper '' , which I was also forced to read against my will . I would have given this book zero stars , but the lowest you are allowed to go is one . DO NOT WASTE YOUR PRECIOUS MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF WASTE .
 I really did not like this book . There was n't much interest in it and I did not enjoy this kind of book . There was only one part that was actually good . That was when 13 dwarves came to the service ofBilbo Baggins . Then they tell him he needs to go on an adventure . In this adventure he will face a fierce dragon . He then sees goblins but I ca n't tell you all of the book so you will have to read it .
 I think that this book is THE WORST BOOK THAT I HAVE EVER READ ! If you see this and are thinking of buying it , DO N'T ! I chose to do it for a book report because my mom liked it -LRB- what 's wrong with her ? -RRB- and literally had to force myself to read it ! I almost burned the stupid book and would have if it were mine . I was looking through the reviews for Dragons of Autumn Twilight and someone rated it badly because it was no `` Hobbit '' of `` J.R.R. Tolkien '' and I 'm thinking THANK GOODNESS ! Read Dragonlance or Tamora Pierce instead .
 This `` book '' is a travesty to everything ever written . Swoar , lil ' fools wack for REALL . J.R.R. Tolkien is clearly a man of minimal intellect and an insufficient grasp on what a a real novel is composed of . Boy , ai n't nuffin ' but a playa-hatin scrub ! . Daniel Miller , anonymous in Kentucky -LRB- MMS ! -RRB-
 This is such a horrible book . There is no action and Bilbo Baggins is the biggest a $ $ in a fantasy novel ever .
 This is just a horrible book . My school is forcing me to read it . It is just so boreing . I do n't even think my teacher can take it anymore beacause we have been reading it for 3 monthes and we only got up to chapter 10 . You see , we have to read it outloud in class . I dought we will ever finish this horrible book . Spend your money on Harry Potter instead .
 `` The Hobit '' is about a Hobbit -LRB- named Bilbo Baggins -RRB- who is manipulated into helping a pack of dwarves . They play on his `` Took '' side which is his mothers side . The Tooks were adventure seekers , they liked going on journeys . Other Hobbits found the Tooks less respectable than the other side of Blibo 's family . The ohter hobbits loathe going on adventures , in fact they hate going anywhere very far from home . -LRB- Adventures make Hobbits late for dinner -RRB- . One thing you should know about Hobbits is that they really like to eat and sleep . They have about six meals a day . I only gave this two stars because it seemed like the author was in a hurry so he ended the book . Like he really had to go to the bathroom , so he ended the book as fast as possible . It also seemed like the author got really into the story and when he came to the end -LRB- Last four chapters -RRB- he did n't know how to end it . I am hopeful for the other books in the seires . I want to know the rest of the story and hope the author did a better job .
 abcd efgh ijkl mnop this book is superb it 's my first review purchased the item only few mins back worth the money
 Can someone tell me why Kindle `` books '' are so expensive ?! Software is always famously more profitable than hardware and is where companies make their money.But come on!The cost to produce the file is minimal.Server space
 I would strongly recommend this book to those who play `` Dungeons and Dragons . '' I honestly do n't care which of the 5000 races of little people someone belongs to . This book had a few highly actioned and interresting parts in the book , but overall this book is dull , and Bilbo the main charachter complained most of the time.For instance , there was often a large gap between action scenes . I was really looking up to the death of Smaug , a charachter who 's ego was expanded into godlike preportions , died a pitiful death , with hardly any contact with the adventuring gang . And finally , my favorite charachter -LRB- Gandalf -RRB- left prematurely .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- The Hobbit by J.R.R. Tolkien gets 2 stars . It has some parts that are exciting , but not many . It contains heroes , hardships and good vs. evil , which is were the 2 stars come from . I do n't recommend it . While I was reading I had to make myself sit down and read . It was n't enjoyable like reading should be.This fantasy story is about a hobbit named Bilbo Baggins who did n't like to be bothered . One day the wizard Gandalph and about 14 homeless dwarfs come visit him in his quiet little hobbit hole . They changed everything . He is soon pulled into their quest of fighting goblins , spiders , evil orcs , and wolves in hope of finding the treasure that the great dragon Smaug protects.Most of the book is dull and tiresome . In my opinion you could skip 5 pages every now and then and not miss a thing . For instance , Tolkien uses 24 pages to express what happened when the dwarfs first met Bilbo , when all that was needed was about 8 . He wasted about 100 pages total in the book which has 304 pages.Although The Hobbit is a bit slow , it shows the never-ending battle between good and evil . Tolkien portrays this well . When Bilbo comes face to face with evil he uses poems and riddles , which are challenging to figure out.The Hobbit also has a worthy plot of heroes and hardships . This can relate to other books such as the Harry Potter series and Homer 's Poem about Ulysses . Bilbo is said to be a hero many times when he is faced with a challenge . One of the dwarfs complain `` I 'm just going to lie here and sleep and dream of food , if I can not get it any other way ... '' They had many hardships such as food , shelter , and ways of transportation.All in all , i would not reccomend this book . Even though it has a few good qualities such as heroes , hardships , and the relationship between good and evil , it is still boring and dull . It only deserved 2 out of 5 stars .
 Ok so the world is a big place and it 's full of strange people but I am surprised that anyone could be very impressed with the `` Leatherette '' editions of LOTR and The Hobbit . These particular editions are not ones I can imagine any discerning collector would want to own.I bought the two books because I am not a fan of Alan Lee 's work and I could n't find any other current hardback editions that used Tolkien 's original drawings , -LRB- as the `` Leatherette '' Hobbit does -RRB- . The truth is though that these are the most tacky and tasteless editions I 've seen and the print and paper quality of both books is very poor . The colouring of the drawings in The Hobbit is a disgrace and numerous pages in my copy of the LOTR were so smudged they were unreadable.Don ' t buy them if you have n't already and if you 've already made the mistake send them back with a complaint and write a scathing review to try and save someone else the trouble .
 I purchased by mistake , did not read but I 'm sure it is a good read and may purchase in the future .
 The Hobbit , is a tale of Biblo Baggins who develops into a hero . He first tends to be alittle timid , comfortable , independant , and secure in his little hole , also called his home . He is not afraid to follow his own path , and he craves adventure in a most un-hobbit like manner . He is more of the role model type for others . Biblo is later visited by Gandalf the wizard , and not to long after , twelve dwarves show up in his hole , to tell him about a quest they have planned , and what part they would like him to take part in . His quest is to go and rob Smaug the dragon for the treasure of Lonely Mountain . They want him to be their burglar . He is very creative , and has a large imagination . Overall , i think this book is good , but not great . It is more written for the fantasy type people , and who like wizardry . If you like The Lord Of The Rings , then you would like to read this book because it relates when when he finds a rind of magical powers . So if you like fantasy , wizardry type of books , then you would like to read this book .
 The Hobbit , by J.R.R. Tolkien , is mediocre at best . A hobbit of the shire named Bilbo Baggins , is sent on a quest by the Maiar Gandalf the Grey to help a group of Dwarves led by Thorin Oakenshield in order to defeat Smaug the Dragon . This book is incredibly well-written , however , I find the story to be very stale and ordinary . I recommend this book as a prelude to the incredible Lord of the Rings saga and the Silmarillion . Another good series is George R.R. Martin 's `` A Song of Ice and Fire '' .
 I would recommend this book to kids , Elementary kids for the most part because it might be too childish for grown ups , yet to hard to understand for someone whos just too young . I found this book to be interesting ; it kept me reading it and turning the pages . I thought the ending could have been alittle better because it was just too simple for the complexity of the book . Smog seemed to be a big force with a huge wrath but he was killed easily do to the lack of diamonds over the one part of his body that is the most vulnerable , his heart . I think there should have been a big war lasting days , carrying the drama out longer . This book was a bit slow in the middle and beginning but picked up at latter until the disappointing end . Overall it was n't that bad of a book to read for school but I personally like something a little more realistic .
 this book is pretty hard to follow and has to many characters doing to many things at once . i suggest you dont read this book unless your a real hardcore novel reader . but most of all this book is very boring . dwarves and hobbits dont really inspire anybody anyway .
 Bought this book before Xmas and gave it as an Xmas present to our son , a special gift from Santa -LRB- we inscribed the book -RRB- . However , now in January that we are reading it altogether , have found that 40 pages are MISSING . Page 141 - 172 are NOT IN THE BOOK . Instead , there is a reprinted section of an earlier chapter including pictures . This is an incredible defect , my copy can not possibly be the ONLY copy with this defect.I have had to go to the library to find a copy so that we can continue reading the story.And how on earth do I get a replacement copy ? Its now past 30 days , since we did n't read the book right away ... let alone how on Amazon do you even lodge a complaint about a BOOK . I 'm tempted to write a letter to the publisher.How sad . My daughter says we should send it back to the North Pole ... . Santa would frankly be easier to reach than Amazon customer service!So FAIR WARNING for anyone who decides to buy a good old fashioned printed version of this wonderful classic ... . double check it completely upon arrival or you may be horribly disappointed or embarrassed if giving it as a gift !
 i wish if i just could get my money back , the book is not interesting and boring !!! hate it
 The Hobbit is the introductory novel to the epic fantasy , The Lord of the Rings . This book is about an imaginary creature called a hobbit , who goes on a journey through the imaginary country of Middle Earth with a group of dwarves . Bilbo , the hobbit , and his company of dwarves are on their way to steal back their long forgotten treasure that is guarded by a hideous dragon . This story tells of the hardships they encounter on their journey and the changes that each character , especially Bilbo , goes through . this book is wonderful because it ties in the world of fantasy with real life . The characters go through the same emotional and sometimes physical struggles that we find ourselves going through . The Hobbit is a great book that everybody can relate to in one way or another . If you are looking for an exciting and thrilling escape from reality , reading The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings trilogy is the best way to do just that .
 Commodore Junk George Manville FennHave read almost a dozen of George Manville Fenn 's novels . All were quite good if not excellent . I would confidently recommend every one - except this one . There is a situation with the main character which seems rather unbelievable , but I suppose it could happen . The real problem is that the theme -LRB- justifiable anger with strong leanings towards revenge -RRB- , which is stated early on and confirmed , off and on , throughout of the novel , is then completely reversed , with no explanation for such a drastic and unrealistic alteration . After that , for me , the plot crumbles to gross nonsense.Sorry Mr Fenn , you truly let me down this time . Without that totally illogical twist I would have rated this book , as with most of your others , a 5 star
 The author is not shy about putting his point of view in the foreground . Hoyt writes in the Forward that two things stand out in the history of World War II as war crimes , the first being the Holocaust , and the second being the firebombing of Japanese cities in 1945 . Regrettfully for the Chinese , the killing of over 20 million Chinese civilians by the Japanese did not seem to make this idiosyncratic list , nor the killing of a like number of Soviet citizens by the Wehrmacht.The reader gets a taste of the historical inaccuracy to come on the first page of the text , when the American aircraft carrier Enterprise is identified as the carrier from which the Dolittle Raid was launched . While the Enterprise was in the task force , it was the Hornet that carried the bombers.And so it goes throughout this 140 page text . Yes , Curtis LeMay served in the Eighth Air Force in Europe , but it was the RAF under Arthur `` Bomber '' Harris that destroyed Hamburg in 1943 in a series of raids . The Eighth Air Force participated , but only in daylight missions against industrial targets in that doomed city . The Doolittle Raid had as its objective military and industrial targets , and was hardly the `` blunderbuss '' approach Hoyt claims.Other claims include the time-honored chestnut first devised by the Japanese at the end of the war , that Hirohito desired to end the war and was stymied by his advisors and cabinet . Bix 's biography on the Showa emperor should put this claim to rest , but I am sure it will continue to be invoked by those who , like Hoyt , wish to exculpate the Japanese from any responsibility for the war and the horrors they suffered.The one redeeming aspect of this book are the stories of the survivors of the bombing . They stand as a powerful rebuke to the Emperor , and the leaders of the Imperial Japanese Army and Navy who launched their country on a militarist adventure in China and the Pacific .
 As a military historian , based on this book , Hoyt is a competent journalist . He is , however , no William Shirer . If this book was exclusively about the oral histories of Japanese people who experienced the terror , hardships , losses , and deprivations of the final bombing campaign of Japan -LRB- Mar 1945 to Aug 1945 -RRB- , then it is a good book . However , Hoyt has implied that this is a history and has made some serious charges against the WWII military establishment accusing them of war crimes . This is no trifling matter . It requires much analysis and context to sift through the data to substantiate his claims . Overall any context and analysis is seriously lacking . If you are looking for a real history that covers these events and more , may I recommend Barrett Tillman 's `` Whirlwind . '' It has a balanced context , analysis , and confronts in depth the issues that Hoyt skims over or totally ignores.The first major problem with the book is the prologue and the last chapter . Here , he launches into a tirade about the bombing of Japan being war crimes against the Japanese and that we should be ashamed . That depends on the context and presentation of facts and interpretation , which Hoyt does n't provide . The fact is that more civilians were killed in Germany during WWII from precision and area bombing than in Japan . Precision bombing was what we were trying to accomplish via the Norden bomb sight in both Europe and the Pacific , but the results took on the appearance of area bombing . Read briefly about the collateral civilian losses in France during the air strikes leading up to D-Day and although we were practicing `` precision '' bombing , there was horrible , unavoidable fallout in civilian casualties . I suppose that the more salient point is that I am not aware of any German Luftwaffe officer who was tried as a war criminal for the area/fire bombing of Britain during the war . It appears that Hoyt is anachronistically applying his vision of what today 's standards should be where they did n't exist 70 years ago . Further , his beef seems to be over Bosnia and Kosovo . His leap of logic escapes me . If you skip the prologue and the last chapter , the book is useful as a journalistic endeavor of telling his interviewees ' stories of their experiences . However , tied obtusely to an agenda of villifying those who fought and died 65 years ago in Japan does damage to the book because it presents a case that he neither really makes nor can the evidence support . In Japan 's case , were there any real civilians if everyone was mobilized to repel the final invasion ? He does n't address this . Nor does he mention the Japanese atrocities against the downed aviators during this brief period . The presentation is completely unbalanced.The real irony of this book is that the strategic bombing effort succeeded in Japan where it failed in Europe . The bomber barons in Europe were boasting that they could end the European conflict through bombing without the necessity of an invasion of Europe . They were wrong . The strategic -LRB- and tactical -RRB- bombing effort actually worked in Japan . Oh well ... The book is pricey . You can get Tillman 's for less money and it is a much better book . It covers everything that Hoyt covers with the context and analysis .
 The eye witness accounts of the firebombing of the Japanese cities is interesting , but the entire premise of this book that the firebombing of Japan was somehow unjustified to me is absolutely absurd.If there was ever a people that deserved to be whipped from the face of the planet it was the Japanese of the 1940 's . I grew up with several victims of the Japanese , one of which survived the Bataan death march . I remember his stories of his captors treatment of him and his comrades -LRB- most of which never returned -RRB- . I remember the bamboo shoots that the Japanese had pounded up under his nails on ALL his fingers and toes , a gift from the Japanese empire that he took with him to his grave . I still listen to my friends fathers accounts in Manila where the Japanese soldiers would partake in various forms of entertainment , one of which included tossing Babbie 's into the air and catching them on bayonets.For a people that showed absolute fanaticism and willingness to sacrifice themselves defending the islands they had captured and to expect they would be willing to do any less on their homeland is also flawed . The firebombings and atomic bombings in the long run saved millions of Japanese civilians , but more importantly hundreds of thousands of American lives.One thing that is rarely considered is that had the war dragged on , modern day Japan would be a very different place . Had the Soviets taken a greater roll in the defeat of Japan -LRB- as they were gearing up to do after the defeat of Germany -RRB- , that would no doubt put a portion of this nation under their control and the Russians were by no means fans of the Japanese . Perhaps the Japanese people deserved occupation by the Russians after all the crimes the committed on other peoples and nations , but they did n't , thanks in part to the firebombings by the US.One thing for sure , the United States ended World War II with two giant ! ! exclamation marks which prevented the Japanese from enslaving any of their neighbors into the distant future .
 I bought this book expecting to gain a historical perspective of the Air Offensive Japan campaign , which my grandfather participated in as a telephone lineman with the 20th Army Air Force . I was offended by the author 's assertion that it was an immoral American war crime , comparable to the Holocaust . WW2 was a state of total war with fully mobilized combatant nation participants . As such , enemy civilians are fair game when the political/military leaders fail to surrender after the application of defensive lethal violence in a just war.American adults and children were supporting the military effort with scrap metal drives , victory gardens , and bond drives , among other things . Do not think think for one minute the Axis powers , if they had the means to reach our shores with their bombers or had developed a nuke , would have hesitated to use them against our civilian population . Have you forgotten about Pearl Harbor or the Philippines where many American civilians were slaughtered in the course of the aggressive war waged by Imperial Japan?As far as I am concerned , they reaped what they sowed .
 My father served on Tinian and was a participant in the firebombing of Japan . I have read about every book on the subject of the B-29 campaign that I can find . This includes books written shortly after the war and recent ones . The ones written shortly after the war did not have to be politically correct and told it exactly how they felt at the time . They called the Japanese Japs , Nips , and Jap monkeys . They did not use the term Japanese.They were quite bitter at the Japanese at the time . They did not particularly approve of the bombing of Pearl Harbor . The ensuing bombing and invasions of the Philippines , Wake Island , Guam did not go over well either . The Bataan death march was also fresh on their minds . They were also aware of the slaughter of the Chinese.Apparently , this was not a problem for Hoyt . He referred to the firebombing as the second holocaust . Really ? Did Hoyt not remember there was a war going on ? Even though the empire of the Rising Sun was no longer on the offensive , they were hardly defeated at the onset of 1945 . Even though there had been bombing missions against Japan , there had been almost no damage inflicted . There was only one `` precision '' mission that was declared a success . Billions had been spent training the men and building the planes , yet there was nothing to show for it . Each B-29 cost five times as much as a B-17 , yet they were causing no damage.The only way to cause damage was to firebomb . If not , we would have to invade an undamaged Japanese mainland . This would have been a disaster . Hoyt does not mention this . Apparently he was fine with have our boys shoot it out on land . Nobody wanted that . My father can attest to that . The marines trained on the beaches of Tinian and they dreaded the thought . Yet Hoyt talks about how cruel it was to kill civilians . Really ? The only reason Japan surrendered was because their country had been annihilated by firebombing . But Hoyt spends his time talking about how people burned to death . I guess getting stabbed in a bonsai charge would be better . Having our boys getting machine gunned on the beaches of Japan is much preferable than burning the enemy.Don ' t waste your time on this fairy tale . Get the book `` Blankets of Fire '' .
 Upfront disclosure
 If , like me , however , you found Moneyball intriguing and insightful , you will probably hate this book . For some reason , Buzz Bissinger feels that his insider scoop descriptions of Tony LaRussa need to be coupled with this weird defense of the `` old-school '' and a puerile attack on Michael Lewis ' Moneyball and sabermetrician statheads in general -- as if the statheads did n't love the game or something . This makes little sense , as you have to ask
 First question
 This could have been such a wonderful book . The prose was elegant , the story was intense and everything came together well.Except for the fact Buzz Bissinger has a vendetta against sabermetrics and sabermetricians . The attacks on the book `` Moneyball '' and the flipant remarks attacking others -LRB- like me -RRB- who love the game was sickening.I would avoid this book and look elsewhere for that `` summer classic . ''
 This lifelong Cardinals fan managed to get through the book , but it 's hard to imagine any non Cardinals fan who is not a speed reader doing the same.Though I am not an obsessive baseball fan -LRB- have n't seen a game even on TV for nearly 20 years -RRB- , the in-game stategies Bissinger details are nothing surprising ; in context , anyone , experienced or not , would seem likely to come up with them . Readers will learning virtually nothing here.To give Bissinger a break , it seems he agreed and perhaps signed a contract to write this book without realizing there would not be anything to say.Bissinger does not deserve a break for his criticisms of Lewis ' `` Moneyball , '' however . -LRB- The hardback edition of `` 3 Nights , '' perhaps , is not so strongly positioned against that far better book , but the paperback I read contains an afterword devoted entirely to trashing Lewis ' book without -LRB- a -RRB- any understanding of it , -LRB- b -RRB- apparently , a rereading of it , and -LRB- c -RRB- any evidence whatsoever to butress Bissinger 's `` ya got ta have heart '' position.Likewise , Bissinger deserves no break for the horribly bad , lazy prose here . Examples
 For all of the hype and attention this book received , this has to be one of the most disappointing baseball books I have ever read . I read this book hoping to gain a deeper understanding of the inner workings of managerial strategy than a fan usually has ; instead I was treated to excessive fawning over simplistic ideas and well as a lack of understanding of baseball and its ' statistics . The author italicizes the phrase `` hit and run '' as if it were a copy writ invention of Tony LaRussa . He acts amazed at the idea that managers and pitching coaches actually plot out pitching matchups in advance -LSB- and refers to that plan as the Thing of Beauty -LRB- his caps , not mine -RRB- ad nauseum -RSB- . He describes a curveball that does n't break as going from `` a killer 12 to 6 morphing into a very mortal 12 to 3 '' when what he is trying to say is that it flattens out in the center of the plate . He quotes the statistical line of pitcher Garrett Stephenson from 2000 and 2001 to show how off of a year he is having when anyone can see that the only significant change is his won-loss record , which is more of an indication of run support from teammates . He tries to prove that Albert Pujols has the best start of a career of `` any player in the history of the game '' by comparing his early career stats to those of Barry Bonds and Alex Rodriguez , as if they are the two best players in the history of the game , and as if that would in turn mean that they had the best two year start of any players . . He refers to the video room operator as the Cardinals `` secret weapon '' , as if they are the only team to do this . He calls Rich Ankiel a `` once in a millennium '' lefthander , which not only would make him the best lefthander in the history of baseball but also as likely to remain so for the next 900 years . He describes an early August game between the Cardinals and Cubs -LRB- who are about tied for first place -RRB- as one that `` the Cards can not lose if they want to remain in the division race '' . I could go on and on but the basic idea is that one gets the impression that Bissinger just DOES NOT KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT BASEBALL . In addition , he has an atrocious writing style , with overstated metaphors and similes on almost every page . I would recommend this book for masochists who enjoy having their blood pressure shoot through the roof , as well as to any immediate family members of the author who would be so proud as to render them oblivious to the books ' faults .
 I was able to get through this book because -LRB- a -RRB- I hate starting something and not finishing it and -LRB- b -RRB- I love baseball.Bissinger often trumpets his own book as a primary counterpoint to `` Moneyball . '' Moneyball , Michael Lewis ' bestselling book , hailed the approach of A 's General Manager Billy Beane and is synonymous with the recent trend of baseball `` statheads '' of emphasizing statistical analysis and de-emphasizing traditional methods , such as in-person scouting and stealing bases . While Moneyball was quite deferential to Beane , the book was very smartly written , and if one has read any of Lewis ' books , Moneyball fits along the theme of Lewis ' preference to profile individuals who have thought outside of the box to get results.In a way , Bissinger 's book is the `` anti-Moneyball '' in the sense that it is anti-intelligent . The book is not particularly well written ; Bissinger has an interesting yet distracting way of trying to come up with original similes and metaphors that usually come off as less than artful . Just off the top of my head , I remember one example , paraphrased
 I enjoy reading books about sports because of several reasons . First , I think it is a difficult genre to write effectively in without falling into play by play that is often difficult to translate into interesting narrative . Second , I 'm often interested in the dynamic of team players and managers to see what breeds success . I picked up this book because I was interested to read about LaRussa and the success he 's enjoyed.However , several paragraphs in the preface turned me off so much that I could not continue reading the book and would n't recommend it to any thirtysomething . This is the term used to downplay any success a thirtysomething could have . According to the author , there is no way the thirtysomething could have passion for the game , or know the history , or even care about it . Despite the author 's obvious success with Friday Night Lights , he feels compelled to disparage Moneyball , a book I am familiar with , but have not read.If you think I 've said thirtysomething enough times , I 'm getting close to how many times he used it in the preface . Thirtysomethings have seen strike shortened seasons , watched the World Series canceled not because of a World War , but because grown men could n't agree on what 's best for baseball , seen arguably the best player ever bet on his sport , seen players pine tar , juice up , and rub baseballs with finger files so is it any wonder a thirtysomething may be a little skeptical of anyone 's passion or commitment to the game?I may pick up the book again , omitting the preface , but as some reviews have mentioned , it seems the diatribe continues . What is the motivation ? Who cares ? Not this thritysomething .
 If you believe that Tony LaRussa invented baseball , this is the book for you . Otherwise you will find Buzz Bissinger 's take on baseball 's most overrated manager to be a trite piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- . A detailed description of Tony LaRussa and the Cardinals going through a 3 game series with the Cubs in 2003 is the focus of the book . The author attempts to show two things . First , how great Tony LaRussa is and secondly how complex managing a baseball game is . The author succeds on the first point as he fawns completly over his subject . On the second point , he fails greatly.Bissinger details each and every managerial decision that LaRussa makes as if he is building a space shuttle by himself . Baseball fans completely understand the decisions that LaRussa -LRB- and Dusty Baker -RRB- are making in real time and do not need them dumbed down for them as Bissinger does in this book.However , that is not the worst part of the book . Bissinger goes out of his way to knock anyone using statistical analysis -LRB- read the Moneyball crowd -RRB- to evaluate players while praising LaRussa for be able to utilize statistics . The reader is left to belive that Bissinger did not understand this paradox because he does not understand the game of baseball particulary well.The book also includes a significant amount of complaining about the money that the players of today are making for their efforts . This is amusing since LaRussa is among the top compensated managers in the game . Based on the fact that Super Manager LaRussa is 5-12 is World Series games and 1-3 in the World Series -LRB- In each series his team was a significant to prohibitive favorite . -RRB- , Bissinger 's arrows about being overpaid are shot at the wrong target.If you are a baseball fan who wants to learn something about the game , there are plenty of GOOD to GREAT books out there . Three Nights in August is not of them .
 I love Tony LaRussa , as I 'm an A 's fan . However , Bissinger has an agenda with this book . He wants it to be the anti Moneyball . He does n't believe in the philisophy of using statistics to judge performance and make decisions . He has said this , and attacked Michael Lewis ' Moneyball without offering any kind of decent rebuttal . He goes on some rant that humans are n't machines and that the human element is important . Yes , every person is different `` Buzz , '' and statistics are just a way of quantifying those differences . 4 postseason appearances for the A 's and a world series title for the Red Sox bear out the success of sabermetrics . It 's here to say , despite the fact that stubborn baseball people hate it because it destroys so much of their outmoded and inefficient ideas and strategies .
 -LRB- I 'm trying to remember who recommended this book . I 'm usually very careful to read reviews before I purchase a book , as I always have a stack of reading material waiting for my attention . -RRB- Crazy to Kill by Ann Cardwell -LRB- pseud . -RRB- is a very short , fast read and so I finished it , eager to see why this book is labeled `` a classic '' . The setting sounds excellent for a murder mystery
 Well there is no doubt that this book contains a large amount of information , it CAN NOT be used as an introductory text . It is much to difficult to comprehend , and Wetzel makes absolutely no effort to teach the concepts . Here merely presents a synthesis of limnological research .
 I received the book like a month later , I even had to write to the seller
 With dozens of relationship self-help books on the market
 If you want to learn how to keep a man by being manipulative , `` appearing '' confident , and being selfish this is the book for you . Genuinely confident women should use this book to recognize the type of man they should run like hell `` away from '' . Author Sherry Argov makes it clear that dating and love that lead to marriage is all about playing games ; first she gets you to understand the games that all men -LRB- according to her -RRB- play ; then she attempts to teach you how to be the winner and pass their endless tests -LRB- to enter into a serious relationship with or even marry the LOSER of these games ? -- WHAT ? -RRB- . Its clear she chose the word `` bitch '' on purpose although she tries to redefine it
 First things first
 As the author ofSEX , MURDER AND PARAPHILIA -LRB- Chronicles of Sodom -RRB- andA Woman of Middle Age - An erotic story of self-discovery and romanceI think this Well written , and entertaining But ... Have you ever heard a good looking woman toot in public , a real stinky , sour smelling toot ? This is similar . Enough to be noticed by the audience , yet with nothing real to offer but an offended grin on your face . If there were a zero star rating in terms of contribution to society besides being a conversation piece about the worst relationship advice , I 'd give this one a Naught , zero , zilch , nix.I 'll tell you what is wrong with this book . This is a manual to becoming a bitter and angry spinster . Take for instance , when she says ; `` What would happen if you let him know from day one that you are willing to bend over backward ? He 'd think you 're desperate , and he 'd want to see just how far you 'd be willing to bend . It is human nature ... He 'd immediately start to test the waters . The more malleable you 'd become , the more he 'd expect you to bend . He ` llInstantly perceive you as a Duracell battery , `` This is her idea of a relationship ... Hold ... Hold ... Not yet , he has not proven himself . Hold ... Okay now give him half a cookie and then , Hold ... Hold ... Nope I have to yank that chain , not taut enough . Hold ... Hold ... half a cookie ... Hold ... Guess what ? Real relationships are based on people who come together swinging and hold nothing back . Show me who you are from the word go , honesty upfront gets you the man/woman . Show me that you are capable and willing to go all the way for me because I will show you right off the bat that I will take a bullet for you and bend backward , sideways and walk 500 miles for you and I will show you this the minute I lay eyes on you and want you to be my mate . If you hold that back from the word go , I will move on to the girl that will show me her devotion and dedication off the bat.Her advice is so sick that it sounds like it came from a sociopath , from someone with deep trust issues that has been hurt in so many awful untrustworthy ways , that she had to write a book about it . This could be fact only if you were dating a person with the mentality of an immature egoistical narcissistic teenager . Adults , responsible adults , do not push the limits . We compensate , we accommodate , and we sacrifice for our loved ones . When in a loving caring relationship , we are willing to take bullets for one another . If you ca n't demonstrate your ability to bend backward for your life-mate from day one , you WILL be alone for perpetuity -- your perpetuity.Another one of my peeve fallacies in this book ; `` The nice girl sits in a chair after a week of knowing the guy , bored out of her mind as he does something that interests him . He may be watching sports on TV , Cleaning his fishing gear , strumming his guitar , or working on his car . She is miserable but does n't say a peep . Instead , she tries to make the best of it and twiddles her thumbs politely , just so she can be in his company . `` Does anyone else see something wrong with the above ? It really sounds like what happened to her after a week . After a week in a relationship ! Maybe he was staying away waiting for you to leave after finding out how much of a dependent , needing and miserable bitch you were.I know , life together is supposed to be an eternal honeymoon , but if what he does on a day to day basis is not her ... think about it . He is doing what entertains him and it 's not her he is doing . There is a time for you and a time for me and if your idea of a relationship is you at all times , you need to be in a relationship with yourself . And if my me time seems to go on forever , then maybe we are not compatible . Get it ? Or get a life!Maybe you want him to stop what brings him joy -LRB- outside of you -RRB- and become bored -LRB- out of his mind -RRB- and by your side . You are waiting around for him to entertain you . Why do n't you be independent ? Be a person of your own for a change . Seriously , if you think what your better half is doing for leisure and pass time is not good , then you are with the wrong better half . Go find someone compatible.Women , take this advice and you are guaranteed to be a BITCH and a single BITCH at that . If you need someone who will pull you off that chair and whisk you to an imaginary Venice , then feed you something on a bed of roses for life , then read a Harlequin Novel , do n't read this junk.What she said in this table , tickled my bone , `` I AM NOT ENOUGH . '' VS. `` I 'M ENOUGH . TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT . '' If you have to ask yourself these questions , then you are not ready to be in a relationship , PERIOD ! This is the simple MATHEMATICS OF A RELATIONSHIP It takes two to be in a relationship . 1 + 1 = 2 . So , 1 + 0.5 &#8800; 2 . Each partner should have come into a relationship with a full glass . Else , the relationship will not work . 100 % of you must complete 100 % of him . Thinking in terms of being enough means you need some work on yourself before you partner with someone . Each partner only has 1 glass , and not 1.5 glasses . What this woman wants is someone to walk into a relationship with 1.5 glasses . This is not biologically possible unless you are from Krypton.Wait a minute , she says in this manual from bitch land that , if your man calls you , you need to get back to him when you are free . Call him back When you are free ! She must be dealing with some real jerks in life . Because in my world , when I call her or she calls me , you better trust me , I 'm picking up that phone unless I am dead ! And if you feel your better half is calling you for no good reason that you need to get back to them when you darn please , then you need to be with someone else . Take this advice and your relationship will be as cacophonous as a hen yard.There is a reason men do not like bitches and women do not like jerks . Do not change who you are . It will not work ! Books like this will chase that one man -LRB- woman -RRB- who might have been the one . It will chase him / her to the hills screaming BLOODY MARY!If there is compatibility and communication in a relationship , you do not have to worry about this junk and unfounded psychology . A little knowledge is dangerous and the ability to share it with the public at large is like a fart in a crowded room that is what this book is.Besides all its fallacies , it is an engaging piece of literature but nothing else.Imagine if we all behaved this way in our relationship ? It would be a tug of war !
 Supposedly , men love bitches . Even worse , they marry bitches . This is all according to Sherry Argov in her national bestseller books with the rather alarming titles of `` Why Men Love Bitches '' and of course , `` Why Men Marry Bitches . '' But after reading these books , I ca n't help but wonder , `` do they really ? `` In these books , Argov advocates some of the most manipulative tactics and game-playing I have ever heard of ... and I have watched Days of Our Lives ! Check out these doozies : - When you cook for him the first time , serve chopped up hot dogs -LRB- speared with colorful toothpicks if you 're feeling fancy -RRB- and Kool-Aid . The next time he suggests you cook , just start getting ready because you 'll have dinner reservations soon after . - Throw something red in with his whites when you 're doing his laundry , and he 'll never ask you to do it again.Really ? I do n't know any man who would love a woman who did these things , much less marry her!Again girls , finding a guy and keeping his attention and affection has nothing to do with playing games ... quite the opposite . Strive for the balance between the bitch and the doormat - you 'll find her in your cool , confident self.For useful , realistic advice , go to www.guysmarryeasygirls.onsugar.com .
 This book has some very disturbing ideas ... . yes , I can see that every single woman who has read this has given this loud praises for the most part . But why do men have to be portrayed as dumb ignorant brutes.From the point of view of psychology it seems that the only message this book gives is one of deception , manipulation and trickery . Is this what women want from their relationship.A lot of women go for jerks because they 're constantly caught up in this struggle to have wild ravishing sex with the bad boy , but then when they fall in love and he does n't they become bitter and then write books like this . They want to change him to a good puppy who 'll buy them flowers . If that is what you want realize that the bad boy with the reputation of having had sex with dozens if not hundreds of women is not your best bet to that bouquet of flowers and blissful love.Instead this book should have made women aware that they should be careful of who they date , who they choose to give their bodies to because yes , women are as involved in the sexual act as the man is . NOW BEFORE YOU ALL BLOW YOUR TOPS NO I AM NOT SAYING THIS APPLIES IN A RAPE SITUATION FOR WHICH MEN SHOULD BE SHAMED AND PUNISHED MOST SEVERLY ... AGAIN , REREAD THIS , I AM SAYING RAPE IS NOT AT ALL JUSTIFIED AND THE PERPETRATORS SHOULD BE MOST SEVERELY PUNISHED.This book caters more to women who 've been burned who do n't want to acknowledge that they made a stupid mistake dating the sexy hunky jerk and failed in trying to change the very thing that attracted them to him ... and on top of that felt betrayed because he did n't fall in love with them the way they did with him .
 I 'm a confident , well-rounded individual . An alpha-male , for sure . I respect and adore women for everything that makes them women . I 've always said a man has two duties in life , to provide for his family and to know how to please his wife in the bedroom . I am a real man and the consummate gentleman . With that being said , if a woman tried to employ the tactics laid out in this book , I would drop her without a second thought . Real men are too smart for these games , and these tactics will either land a woman with an ahole who employs the same tactics or a man who would never stand up for her when it counted . This book is heavy on deceitful tactics and little else . The problem is self-esteem ; and this book wo n't fix that . Not one bit .
 Do n't try this in an estabished relationship , the results are disasterous ! Change yourself first before trying to mold others . I would like to see who has used this and remained with their man for an extended period of time .
 This book was boring and did not hold my interest . I like a friend borrow it as well and she was disappointed with it too . We were hoping for more personal insight and guidance on how to `` not care too much '' and be more stand offish .
 As a man who read this book , I have a new understanding of how and why my last girlfriend acted the way she did . She must have read this book!I have to say , I chased after her , just like the book says a man will do if you follow the rules it describes . But , -LRB- and this is a big BUT -RRB- , eventually , I got tired of chasing her . Eventually I came to the huge realization that I did n't want to live the rest of my life this way , under her thumb , with her making all the rules for our relationship.Women have put up with men that act this way , and it drives you crazy , does n't it ? Do n't you hate it when a guy does n't call and acts like other things are more important than you are ? This book could just as well have been written for men , and been titled , `` Why Women Love Jerks . `` As I read this book , I thought that if everyone , men and women alike , followed the rules contained in it , this world would be full of a lot of single people . Mainly because it 's all about one person in the relationship -LRB- in this case , women -RRB- acting aloof , not chasing men , and not showing men that they 're afraid to lose them . If both sexes acted this way , no one would get in a relationship because both would never chase the other . -LRB- In the hopes that the other one will first . It 's not going to happen ! -RRB- All in all , this book seems to be written for women who have been hurt badly in the past and do n't want to be hurt -LRB- or at least show that they 're hurt -RRB- again . Anyone who has ever had the good fortune to have been in a GOOD relationship would never think of treating their mate like Sherry Argov suggests.I gave this book 2 stars , because what 's in it WILL work . But if you have to use `` trickery '' like this to get a man to chase you , you 'll get a relationship to match . It 's better to be honest with one another . If it does n't work out , then move on until you find that NICE person who will treat you right , `` games '' or not !
 This book makes the common mistake of lumping all men into one giant category . As fun as that might be for teenagers and kids , the reality of adult men is that they do not all think and act the same.Ladies , if you follow the advice in this book , you need to know something . Men usually try to date someone who is similar to their mother . Whatever role model they got from their mother , is the pattern they are looking for in their girlfriend or wife.So , if their mother was a bitch and cold and aloof , that is the type of woman they will go after.So , ask yourself
 The absurdity contained within the title of this book grabbed me by the throat.It 's no wonder there are so many clueless women these days . It seems as if they get most , if not all , of their information about what * men * want , what * men * like , what * men * need , from other -LRB- clueless -RRB- women.It did n't take very long for the Swiss cheese logic -LRB- that seems to permeate books like these -RRB- to kick in . From within the first ten pages of the book : '' ... If he 's unwilling to lift a finger during the courtship , he is showing you right up front that he has nothing to offer you in the future . This behavior has nothing to do with your worth . It has everything to do with what he has to offer . And it also has to do with how you present yourself ... `` This , immediately after recommending that what you should serve for dinner in those first weeks in a relationship is hot dogs , popcorn , jelly rolls , and instant coffee , and in doing so , you ensure that he will no longer ask you to cook . I can understand the satire in the dinner `` recipe '' . What I ca n't understand is why so many women seem to believe that what 's good for the goose is n't good for the gander . Employ such tactics if you must , just so long as you understand that typically , the criteria by which you select is usually the same criteria by which you will * be selected * . Now having said that , reread the sentence quoted above and everywhere that you see the the word ` he ' , put an 's ' in front of it . Not quite as profound the second time around , huh?If you enjoy cooking , and you have no problem with cooking for that special -LRB- or even not-so-special -RRB- someone in your life , then you do n't get into some junior high school-ish game of one-upmanship with a guy that is unwilling to lift a finger in the courtship . You cut a guy that 's unwilling to lift a finger in the courtship loose , find someone that enjoys cooking just as you do -LRB- or at the very least can respond to your generous gesture in kind -RRB- , and cook whenever you get the urge to cook.Understand something , ladies
 This book in so many ways reminds me of that laughable `` Rules '' book written several years ago when I was in my very early 20 's . At the time , the book was all the rage and was on all the morning circuit TV shows , like Good Morning America . The authors proclaimed the same ideas as this one
 I recently read this book after discovering a copy of it a friend 's place . I thought interesting enough title . Always amused at books by women telling other women how to get men.If you are into playing games then go ahead and read this book . However , do n't be surprised if a lot of them leave you sitting at home lonely on date night . While I do agree with the basic premise of this book , do n't be a doormat and value yourself , I can not agree with much else . You do n't have to be a `` bitch '' to get a man . Some of the advice is just sad , at one point I just wanted to say give me a break . For instance , the nice girl will sit in quietly in a chair while he is watching sports , or doing some other activity that simply bores her and not say anything , while the bitch will complain all the way through it . LMAO ! The author reasons that the bitch will make it known that she ca n't be walked over . Here 's a novel idea , if he is doing something that does n't interest you or does n't include you LEAVE and find something else to do or do n't see him that day . If you are truly miserable why are you there ? Also , by staying and going on a bitch and moan fest , you are communicating the opposite of what you want . By sitting around complaining you are saying that I am so miserable but do n't have anything better to do , so I am going to nag you to death until you change . And from growing up in a house full of men let me tell you , the way to get what you want is to never bitch and moan , yeah it may work the first few times , but eventually they tune you out and do n't hear you anymore.I live in L.A. and let me tell , the more of a loser a guy is , the longer he will put up with these antics . However , if you date men that are high in demand , or if you live in a major city where there are plenty of beautiful women , you will be lonely . There is simply too much competetion for a man to spend a whole lot of time chasing after you ! Unless , again he is a loser ! A non-loser would not allow himself to be treated in such a manner for long , and a smart man will realize what you are doing and only pay attention to you until he attains the booty . Then guess what , you have been placed into booty call land and will be used.Why would anyone want to be with a person that would allow themselves to be treated in the manner that this author suggest ? Crazy making is what it is . Playing games is not going to lead to a healthy and happy relationship , nor will it prevent you from being hurt . Folks , relationships are a gamble there 's no guarantee that you will not get hurt . I do n't care what you do . You will do more , to learn how to see red flags and cut off the relationship at that point . The more of bitch you act and the more games you play just insure one thing , you will never find what you truly want.My advice
 This book should come with a coupon for Hagen Daas , because you 're going to end up on the sofa eating comfort food and wondering what went wrong . I read this book . I laughed in all the right places , but then I made a terrible mistake . I took Sherry Argov 's advice seriously . My marriage was good , but this book made me think I was getting shortchanged . So I took the leap and took control . Now I 'm in marriage counseling and wondering if I 'm going to be able to hang onto my husband . I did get one thing right , though . After eleven years of wonderful marriage , I managed to get my husband to call me a bitch . I 'm trying to get him to believe that I 'm in a midlife crisis . Because I ca n't bring myself to say that I destroyed a great relationship because of something that sounded good in a book .
 I read this book to learn what women think about men and what they think in general about relationships . As an avid student of the Art of War , I think this is a most read for all men that are willing to prepare themselves fully in how to recognize the tactics that women slavishly follow or how to mimic the kinds of men they are looking for . Yes , this is deception , however it is exactly this kind of strategem that the author of this book , Sherry Argov , is promoting . Men used to work hard at guessing what was behind women 's motives . Now the task is easy , as women are writing more and more books and in the process , revealing more and more in the process about themselves .
 This has got to be the stupidest relationship self-help book I 've ever read - and I 've read more than I care to admit . Some of the advice is so common-sense that I ca n't believe anyone would need it -LRB- for example , do n't quit going to the gymn and do n't quit your job for a new guy . Well , DUH . -RRB- If no one sees their boyfriend/girlfriend/partner / lover except when it 's totally convenient , we are all going to be spending a few too many nights alone.The main point of the book is that you should be your own person , and not totally dependent on a man for everything . There are probably women out there who do n't already know this , but not in my acquaintance . Another really atrocious piece of advice was that you should pretend you ca n't cook . Sorry . I like cooking . Then you 're supposed to turn around and praise and coo over the guy because he picked up a hammer to do something -LRB- even if he totally bothches the job and you could have done it much better yourself -RRB- . Of course we should all express appreciation of each other -LRB- in all kinds of relationships -RRB- but I have never been able to fake admiration for incompetence , and this book is n't going to help me do that.There are bits of good advice scattered here and there throughout the book , but mostly I wanted to throw it across the room . I only read it because a friend gave it to me , because she thought maybe my problem was that I was too nice . More likely , I 'm too independent . She thinks that this book is the greatest thing she 's ever read about relationships . I do n't get it .
 I was looking through the comments and found this.By Teri Marshal `` Military Wife '' -LRB- Phoenix , AZ -RRB- - See all my reviewsThis book should come with a coupon for Hagen Daas , because you 're going to end up on the sofa eating comfort food and wondering what went wrong . I read this book . I laughed in all the right places , but then I made a terrible mistake . I took Sherry Argov 's advice seriously . My marriage was good , but this book made me think I was getting shortchanged . So I took the leap and took control . Now I 'm in marriage counseling and wondering if I 'm going to be able to hang onto my husband . I did get one thing right , though . After eleven years of wonderful marriage , I managed to get my husband to call me a bitch . I 'm trying to get him to believe that I 'm in a midlife crisis . Because I ca n't bring myself to say that I destroyed a great relationship because of something that sounded good in a book.How incredibly tragic . This book that is like a booby-trap to get women to mess up any joy in relationships they might have - or in this case , had held in their hands - until they doubted themselves and looked into the glittering eyes of a narcissist . How sad that where this woman 's relationship may be permanently injured by her being conned into taking the advice in this book.The author cares not . She laughs all the way to the bank and stops by Neiman Marcus for a new pair of Manolo Blahniks , secretly laughing at you the readers because true to her narcissistic personality , she ` neglected ' to give you the whole truth , or fair warnings.But then she really thinks she is much better than you , and that you could n't understand the subject of relationships anyway , which is a lie . The whole thing is designed for the sale , not to do any service for women or men . If you trust yourself , and be yourself , you will do much better . Enjoy the person your man is . Have communication and be friends . Laugh together . There is nothing of that in this book . To do this would require mutual respect and honesty.I 'll bet she does n't follow her own advice , but then being a bitch - er narcissist , she holds free to make the rules and change them at will .
 Warning , this is a commentary by an individual that is convinced that this country is way too pumped up on self esteem , self empowerment , psycho babble , over medicated and takes way too much advice from self serving charlatans that tell people what they want to hear rather than what they need to hear.Strictly speaking as a man , this book contains yet more advice that if taken will guarantee that the reader will offend yet more men and take away what few chances for happiness that life serves up . Of 70 reviews only three of the reviews said that the advice in the book lead to a better relationship versus two reviews that said the advice ruined a good relationship . The advice is just an updated version of advice for ` women that love too much ' that was popular 20 years ago , and that advice was nothing more than retooled divisive feminist demagoguery . Even though the book is about 250 pages long , it could be cooked down to two sentences :1 . Good girls are clingy , needy doormats that men only use before moving on .2 . Bitches , empowered and put themselves number one , are what men desire.The alleged humor is nothing more than updated feminist humor . Of course you remember feminist humor : Do n't imagine you can change a man - unless he is in diapers.What do you if your boyfriend walks out ? You shut the door.If they can send a man to the moon - why ca n't they send them all?Never let your man 's mind wander - it 's too little to be out alone.In a few years this book will be another thing that women who followed the advice will be trying to sweep under the carpet and pretend it never happened while they are making up yet another self-deluding reason why men do not like them.For those women that have not yet had enough of being lied to , manipulated and used by people with dubious claims backed by thinly disguised advocacy research , then this book is for you . For those women that have had enough of reinventing themselves and truly want to change their lives , then this book is not part of the solution ; it is part of the problem . --------------------------------------------------------- The more I see of the new fangled way of doing things , the more I appreciate the old fangled way of doing things .
 Let 's go ahead and acknowledge that the author may have had a few solid points about being independent and standing your ground and so forth . Now we can move on to the inexcusable other 90 % of the material.I read this book in a fit of desperation one evening , emotionally weakened by lack of sleep and in need of the same mindless entertainment and self-affirmation that conducting a late night Google search of your own problem can provide . A friend told me it was a `` good '' book.No ! No , no . This book has the worst advice I 've ever heard and completely contradicts the idea that two people can communicate effectively , ever . I 've tried to scrub my mind of the residue from all of the author 's horrible advice but one nasty piece comes to mind -- pretend you ca n't do anything physical around the house , then `` ooo and ahh '' over how strong your husband is for something like hammering in a nail ? Ladies , s *** like this is condescending and completely insincere . If you value your husband or know him at all , surely you can dig out a real compliment on a quality he 's actually proud of.Another theme to ignore if you want a decent guy in your life is the idea that you 'd better just clam up when you 're angry -- to teach him a lesson . There is a term for this , it 's called passive-aggressive behavior , and it 's a psychological problem that couples go to therapy to try to STOP doing.The author wrote this book for profit , which often requires sensationalism , and against that I have no complaint . However , I was too embarrassed to have this title staring me down from my iPad every time I opened the Kindle app , so I deleted it from my account . If you MUST read advice on relationships rather than talking to your loved one , just use the internet . At least you wo n't have to pay for it -LRB- although figuratively , you might -RRB- .
 I read this book last summer and used it with the man I was dating , and he almost dumped me!There are some good points in here , about not compromising your value , and being confident in yourself.But then the parts about not showing emotion and showing your true self is just bad advice . Showing your emotions sometimes shows authenticity.To be combative , manipulative and treat a relationship like a game of chess is selfish and unloving . I believe these tactics work great on men with low self esteem , but not on confident , successful , quality men.Read at your own risk !
 I bought this book out of curiosity after reading all its favorable reviews , and unfortunately , I find it very disappointing . I think Agrove tried to write a manual for women to train a man . Relationships are much more complex than the book suggests , and I do n't believe that men should be trained like pets by using the carrot and stick method . I find this book very shallow , simplistic , and targeted to apply to the masses . Also , I do n't like the title of the book . The author could call `` bitches '' `` strong women '' instead . Both `` bitch '' and `` doormat '' seem to be derogatory to women , and men are depicted as silly puppies that can be easily manipulated by the `` stick and carrot '' method . I do not recommend this book .
 Is it my imagination or are most of the glowing reviews that seem to love this book and its approach to men and men/women relationships from the East and West coasts?Don ' t seem to have this problem with women -- and their men -- in the Heartland of America . Two kids and thirty-one years later , I 'm still in love with the same hard ass , tough , determined woman I married long ago . We , however , do n't play games with each other.Quit playing games and maybe one day you can say the same thing too .
 In this book , Sherry Argov gives some of the worst advice that I have ever read . She makes relationships sound like a complicated game , when in fact no game exists . Successful relationships are not chess or high-stakes poker .1 . Women , stay in control , always . Why ? Because you have the most to loose . Do n't get married unless you are certain that you want children . Do n't get married/involved in a long-term relationship unless you KNOW that you can survive , financially , independently from him .2 . Kick the loser out if he is a drunk . Kick the loser out if he has a problem with drugs . Kick the loser out if he is unemployable . Kick the loser out and get the police to throw him in jail if he ever strikes you . There are plenty of men out there without these problems . Give no second chances .3 . Make sure that you are sexually compatible . If sex is n't important to you , make sure that it is n't to him , and vice versa . Remember
 I heard and read the fuss over this book and a woman I knew gave me her copy -LRB- I will have more to say about her in a moment -RRB- . Many women not only seem to think this book is disturbing to men but have said so outright and with some misguided , idiotic sense of one-upmanship satisfaction . Indeed , I think many women after reading this , will have their anxieties greatly provoked , given what they are thinking men find appealing about women.The basic premise is that men do not respect women who have no life . Well gee wiz , Sherlock Holmes ! The author says a woman needs to `` hold her own '' in a relationship , and many women on here and in conversation have taken that to just men they have a proverbial entitlement to b * tch and moan whenever things do n't go their way . Wrong baby . You can whine all day and night but an entitlement to what exactly ? `` Holding your own '' to a man is what you can bring to a relationship , if he is actually considering being with you in one . Any by what you can bring I mean in terms of support , economically , socially , emotionally , psychologically , and in terms of interests and skills . Unless a man is some Donald Trump type , then a college educated man today is looking for a woman that is genuinely intelligent , reasonably educated , can bring financial support to the relationship , has an actual career , preferably an interesting one , and yes of course a physically attractive woman as well-one articulate and emotionally grounded . Now any of these things will prove variable depending on the man and his own status in life , and if he is a Donald Trump , then brain and education are bottom on the list and you better be young and have killer hot looks . But that is a rare extreme.Again , most educated men are looking for intelligent career women . It is not something that is `` hot '' or `` sexy '' or some fetish to us . It is what is expected in this day an age , coming on the heels where many of us have seen our father 's slave economically as the sole `` bread winner '' and out mothers , who worked hard in their own right , had it much easier , all while feminist said `` daddy '' was suppressing mommy . I can tell you my father would have loved to have had a wife that worked and helped support the house economically and not just domestically -LRB- which my father supported domestically as well -RRB- . I am not impressed in women doing now what men have for many decades down for family and country . Now that women have the opportunities -LRB- and some can argue more in some respects -RRB- as men , it is n't something to be applauded for since this is old old news . Indeed my mom did start to work in industry late in life , around the time when my siblings and I were going off to college -LRB- I 'm 30 now -RRB- . For a woman today to think that having a job or career makes her special is just utter narcissistic folly and in all probability the `` career '' is what a robot could do . No man will ever find that in and of itself fascinating or worthy of greater respect . We men have been doing this for generations , so you are not impressing us coming on the playing field we largely created and still outshine you on . Being and education and having a job are base minimums.After education and career status , men are seeking for a real individual . Some other male review mentioned this already and he was dead on . Today 's women are a dime a dozen . Many , even in their 30 's are trying to emulate other women , buying gaudy , hideous , and expensive shoes and book bags that leaves a man seriously confused over what the appeal is . Many of you dress the same , talk the same , act the same , and think that still you are different from the endless masses . To a man seeing you , all he 'll recognize is that many you have blue eyes from green eyes , are a blonde instead of a redhead , and perhaps a bit more chubby than his previous more sports active girlfriend , but that is where the differences end . These are physical differences and subtleties , which soon will lose their appeal if there is n't anything more substantial at play . Do you have a genuine personality ? Or is your only sense of self giving some hackneyed reply of `` holding your own ? '' Exactly how ? How can you distinguish yourself from all the others who believe and say the same thing ? How does that make you stand apart from them ? It does n't . You are just part of the white noise and background.It is ironic , for just a few short decades ago women bemoan how they wanted men to desire women of substance . Now that men do , women are reverting to all the past feminine and sexually exploitive stereotypes that women of previous generation would have avoided . One wonders then just how far women today truly have come as a whole.What makes a man not just respect a woman but desire her ? Is it her body ? No . That is lust . Is it her mind ? No . That is just fascination . Is it her career ? No . That is just an incidental interest . What makes a man fall if love and respect a woman is the same thing that makes a woman fall in love and respect a man
 I 'm sorry but this book is garbage . I could only get through the first 3 chapters & it just felt mind-numbing . We need a woman who 's a Neil Strauss type to write a book lol . I learned more from The Game , being a woman , than anything from my short read of this book .
 Give it a rest sweetheart . You like to fancy yourselves `` independent thinkers , '' and like the prime exacmple below -LRB- i.e. little Ms. `` Katie '' -RRB- , many of you are deeply deluded mental midgets . I have read both this book and some of the choice reviews on here . There may be guys that are angry on here in their posts , but it is not becuase of your suppose independence . It is for the appalling lack of individuality you make false claim to having and the apologia for your even more appallingly short-sighted , backward ways.The `` I 'm too much of a nice girl '' bathos is truly the pathetic rant of a severely underdeveloped mind . It is not any surprise why so many of you are in your mid twenties and single and having such dating and relationship difficulties . Many of you just do not get it . One review on here was right on the mark ; there are many female losers out there -- and you are most likely one of them . After all , only a loser would say they are not looking for a man in a review that is about how to get and keep a man -- through mostly deceitful tactics that would only work on an 8 year old . Yet you are so dim witted and such `` deep independent thinkers '' that you totally failed to even recognized this most obvious fact about what is motivating you.Bottom line , is many of you , like `` Katie '' and `` Oracle '' above are very needy and emotionally insecure females -LRB- not women -RRB- . Men instinctively pick up on this . Moreover , putting on a b * tch patina will not hide that fact -- but rather bring even a greater attention to it for the blarring attempt to compensate for that insecurity . A man can easily piece together the unsaid narrative of a so-called `` independent woman '' like you and with ease placate you and manipulate you and then have you alone at the end to at first wonder why and then conclude it was because you were too much of a Ms. Nice type . That is your only fallback poistion.Well , love , there is a progession in evolution here with females like you . You are at stage one
 I thought this book was for men ... later i understand what this was about . I have to agree that most men are so stupid that yes some of these techniques will work for them . But let me think about something . Women do not approach guys and especially in cold approaches . SO this is about men in their social circle who women find attractive and they want to have a relatiosship with them -LRB- If they just want sex they only have to show them that they like them sexually - and when i mean sexually i mean it - Not the miserable girl that beg with their manners for 50 dates after sex , but be a little playful sluty -RRB- . In case of relationships attraction is not a choice . If you like him , you like him and this is the end . If he is so pussy to go for what he wants then maybe by applying theese manners you may intrique him , especially if he is young.But is this an authentic man ? I dont think so.The real man goes for what he wants and he approaches women - if he doesnt get her he goes for another one . He is not so emotionally involved in the beggining -LRB- as many women are -RRB- . He begins to be emotional after sex -LRB- Im talking about a real man - observe it and you will see that i am right -RRB- What is important in the begginnig is the appeareance . Fix your body -LRB- the height doesnt count in most cases -RRB- Hit the gym , Then go to a place where they are men , and just be near them -LRB- I understand that you will not open them -LRB- its the ego and it is ok if you are a woman -RRB- . -LRB- Clubs - coffe shops - parties - places with rock music -RRB- ANd do not go with more than 3 friends - > its so difficult . I also have to say that these techniques work also from men to women -LRB- most of them who have success with women do these things unconsioulsy - since its about women that they can find easily . A hot woman has the more apporaches . She doesnt need these tricks . As also hot men do not need tricks -LRB- most of them -RRB- If you want a serious relationship , let him take the control.Even when he goes for other women he will return to you . Most men want many women - Its in their dna , and this is the truth . This is not bad since they do not get emotionally involved as they will with you . They dont have to love a woman to make sex.This is what happenes and that why the hot men have so many women that they behave as jerks.Another think i have noticed is that not so good women -LRB- fatty and miserable -RRB- have a lot of insecurity and wait for the perfect one -LRB- Brad pitt clone -RRB- . Yes this happen to the most ugly girls ironically . The most hot women do not care so much about appeareances but only about sex , fun and security - and thats why they like them.If you are fat you have almost no chance with a hot male -LRB- and fotget the alpha male -RRB- You have to understand that a man is not a girlfriend with a penis . He likes football , women , work and socializing . He is not albe to speak like a woman.On the other hand if he has no humour - stay away from him , no matter how hot he is . He is a stupid man beyond the men circle.Read the books
 Guys , this is a great book to read for no other reason than it will help you strengthen your game and read what other women are reading about us . Find out if you are unwittingly giving yourself away with unsaid cues and learn what women are looking for in men , especially what they are wanting men to be looking for in women . Versatility is the name of the game in playing the game , and reading up on your prey and what drives them psychologically will definitely give you an advantage . Learn of their desires , their needs , and how to placate and play to the sense of independence of the `` strong woman . `` Sharpen you skills by learning more on how your taget thinks and know how to better present yourself in the manner that such women are looking to find in a man .
 If I ever sniff out a chick following a `` planned strategy '' or seemingly intentionally being disinterested , she gets tossed . No guy with any type of game should accept any drama . For you girls that rock the boat , thats the easiest way to fall out of it or get kicked out of it.Nice try , but girls need to trust their instincts , not the advice of an author no self respecting guy would even date .
 I read this book out of curiosity and a friend who was raving about it , so I read it . I disliked it immensley . Ever wonder why the divorce rate is so high and why the statistics of women cheating are at par with men ? Yea I know ... oh brother , she is on her soap box . Obviously I 'm not a bra burner , no just like you I want a lasting relationship built on all the good things they are supposed to be built on . I believe everyone should treat their man/woman as if he or she was the only one walking the earth . I can not tell you how well this works , of course without being a doormat . Relationships are about giving and taking , it 's natural for all of us . But we should never take anyone for granted and have illusions of grandure . Eventually the gig is up , how stupid are those around you ? Well if you do not surround yourself with intellectuals well than what can I say ? I have never had a relationship I regreted and tihs is the God honest truth . As far as I know I have never been cheated on and at least 6 times in my life men have asked me to marry them , no lie . Not once did I treat a men as if the sun rose and set because I exsisted . I am happily married now going on 5 years and my husband tells me he loves me every day and that he hopes he leaves this earth first because he does not want live even 1 day without me . How could I treat such a wonderful being but with the upmost love an respect ? There are no guaranties in life folks but we have A LOT of control in our destinies . You ladies keep fooling yourself about what makes a relationship work and what real happiness is ... let me know how the end turns out !
 On the surface Why Men Love Bitches is about attitude and empowerment , but as I read more , I realized that it was based on more traditional dating ideas and roles . It just has a quick coating of attitude and slang , with most of the ideas coming straight out of books like The Rules -LRB- with the authors of The Rules being mentioned in the acknowledgements -RRB- . The main point of this book is not how to be empowered , but how to act empowered enough to catch your guy . Then combine this with manipulation and tricks and he will be yours . This exploitation of women 's insecurities hidden in the guise of empowerment is disturbing.It is based around 100 ` Attraction Principles ' that run through the ten chapters . These give the reader points to be aware of and rules to follow so they can catch and keep their man.She gives tips , some simple like if he is grumpy , go out and do your thing . Some are more complex
 As a man , I bought this book to help me try to understand how women think . This book scared me . The author seems to have a narrow idea of what men are . I found it sexist and almost racist . Women that read and follow the guidelines of this book will only find men that the author describes . Selfish and lazy . I was going to give this book to Goodwill , but I think that I will burn it instead .
 If you think this is how a woman should act in a relationship , you have another thing coming . Athough I suggest to you that we neither want a meek woman but someone inbetween who can hold her own and still be a lady.Such a gross misrepresentation what a man wants . . ugh .
 ... could write an entire book about something she is apparently clueless about , and keep a straight face.fwiw , ladies , i have dropped plenty of women who act like the author of this book suggests . i kept the one who acted the opposite way of everything this book suggests .
 One of the worst books that I purchased in amazon . It may be useful just for young teenage girls not for the adults .
 I wanted to like this book . Many women , including myself , could benefit from having more of a backbone when it comes to romantic relationships . In that sense , this book is a step in the right direction . Unfortunately , the book 's message is muddied by its endorsement of game playing and manipulation . The author tells you many times she 's not telling you to play games but the reality is that 's what her advice boils down to . So . . take away the importance of being strong and being yourself . But unless you want inauthentic relationships based on manipulation and games , save your money .
 I have to say that this book was very well-written , with some humorous touches . I do n't agree however , that anyone should have to change their complete frame of mind and actions , just to find a meaningful relationship . I can not take all this advice without a grain of salt , and I believe I 'll just continue to be the nice me .
 This books repeats its self over and over and it 's things we know as women I would n't recommend to anybody could have wrote this book I guess I bought if because of the title ...
 While the techniques in this book may work with a few men -LRB- I wont deny that some techniques actually could work -RRB- There is no way that a truly respectable alpha male in charge of his life with plenty of options will tolerate any of the following techniques . Do you want a man or a wimp?Interesting relationships are about push and pull , i give you some and you give me some back . Its a way to create tension , without tension there is nothing ! If the man is doing all the chasing such as this book suggests , regardless of what you think he will get bored , grow tired or find a way to replace you . If he is a decent person and respects himself with dignity he will walk away eventually and if he does n't , you girls then have to realize what kind of guy you are dealing with an absolute sucker of a toy ! Congrats!While men are competitive in nature and appreciate the chase , no man loves -LRB- as this book describes -RRB- doing all the work just as you women do n't either . `` If the nice girl leaves , she calls first to tell him where she 'll be and what time she 'll be back . '' Yeah obviously thats how it should work if your in a respectable relationship ! `` The bitch lets him think about where she is every now and then '' yeah go ahead and try that with any respectable guyout there who values himself!The problem with this book is that if these techniques are working on your man then you essentially have a puppet , a goose neck who doesnt have confidence , who doesnt respects himself and who is weak ! Just as a man will tire of something so easy , you women will tire of an easy man who will bend over backward at your every call . You also want a challenge , just as we do . The result is two fold , it goes either way . Men and women may be different in most things but when it comes to true universal love we are not that much different . Bottom line is that you both need to meet each other half way or the relationship will eventually fall apart and perhaps even become destructive . Once again these techniques may work but only on a wimp who doesnt know any better . Men want a women , not a little girl and certainly not a bitch!Following this advice will only hurt you long term , you will grow bitter when you realize good qaulity men wont stick around and the techniques will grow on you so much that it might even be hard to reverse before you realize that all your relationships are a game ! Just be yourself at all times , allow love to flow , never be afraid to let go and give your true gifts and radiant energy . I love women , but not like this!Wonder why the author keeps her identity a secret ? Good luck trying to find a biography on her , she is probably a bitter old single person who still plays these games on guys that dont know any better.Do yourself a favor and read Blue Truth by David Deida or any book of him for that matter .
 I read this book to learn what women think about men and what they think in general about relationships . As an avid student of the Art of War , I think this is a most read for all men that are willing to prepare themselves fully in how to recognize the tactics that women slavishly follow or how to mimic the kinds of men they are looking for . Yes , this is deception , however it is exactly this kind of strategem that the author of this book , Sherry Argov , is promoting . Men used to work hard at guessing what was behind women 's motives . Now the task is easy , as women are writing more and more books and in the process , revealing more and more in the process about themselves .
 The title of this book contains a certain obscene term that I have never once heard a `` real '' man use affectionately about or towards any `` real '' woman . Ladies , that is a clue . I am sorry to say this , but any female who follows the advice offered up in this book is dooming herself to the possibility of a relationship with either a vapid milquetoast loser or a dangerous simmering volcano with a bad temper and a wandering eye . Some of the ideas in this book are so silly that I nearly spewed hot cappucino out of my nose when I was perusing the book at my local bookstore coffee shop . I hate to rain on anyone 's parade , but better to hear it from me now than to become disillusioned , bitter , hurt , and lonely later . It 's definitely possible for you to attract men , if that 's what you want , but being , shall we say , `` constantly aggresively testy '' is not it .
 It 's all in the title . The rest is washed out , generic info - or more like an outline of the book the author planned to write.Some good tips , and lots of bad ones , and no depth or detail in explanations.I could have written a more entertaining & thought-provoking version while on the toilet .
 Started dating a nice woman a while back . She really had my interest . Things were great , we were going slow , but we were definately headed in a positive direction . Then things started to change . She started getting standoffish . Sending mixed signals . All of a sudden her comments when we first started going out about wanting a relationship in life turned into `` taking my time and having fun with my life '' and `` do n't want to make a commitment '' . This was not the woman I had met months ago . Why the change ? She was still contacting me and interested , but there was a marked change in her personality.During one of our evenings , and after a couple drinks , she had mentioned that a friend gave her this book after her last broken relationship with a player who 'd been cheating on her with 3 other women . Remembering this , I went out and bought the book to see if it could explain her unusual behavior.Well , she 's been following the book as though it were a script.I took the book I bought , and hilighted everything in it that she had pulled on me . I met her for a drink and asked why she was acting so strangely different from when we first met . I got another line from the book . I took the book out of my coat , tossed it on the table . By the look on her face , you 'd have sworn I took the book out and smacked her on top of the head with it . She was completely shocked , and the look on her face was nothing short of horror.She had not even remembered mentioning the book to me . All of a sudden all of these stupid little games she had learned in this book to put me on tilt , had her on full tilt . She started to cry . She 'd `` been hurt '' before , and did n't want it to happen again . I told her the only type of guy she was going to get by reading the man bashing and demeaning b.s. in this book was the type she was trying to avoid . By this point she had me so conflicted and disoriented , I was simply not having a good time with her anymore . The fun thoughts of her during our time apart during that first month or so had turned to confusion and frustration in her absence the last couple months . None of that was building attraction or affection towards her for me . I have not returned her calls or texts since that night . Yes , she had `` the power '' for a while there , but once the game was up , it was up , and the confusion and conflict I felt turned to anger . The smart , funny , attractive woman I had met had turned into an unintelligent , pathetic , manipulative , undesireable woman in my eyes . She blew it with exactly the type of guy she professed to want by reading and following this garbage.Follow a majority of the advice in this book ladies , and you 'll wind up the bitter 50 year old `` cat woman '' , living alone , and wondering why you were never able to snag a good guy . Having your own life is a good thing , and is attractive to a real man . Manipulation and being someone you 're not is completely unattractive .
 As a man , I like the advice the author gives to women about being independent , and `` empowered '' is great . There are a lot of women who get in to bad relationships because they have low self-esteem , and accept the abuse dealt to them . The problem is that this book takes this principle too far . I would suggest it to any woman who wants to avoid true intimacy for the rest of her life.Two paradoxical things happen to someone who has been victimized in the past - it sets them up to become good victims again , and it makes them that much better at being an abuser . I do n't think there is any doubt that this book is solely aimed at women who have been abused in the past and , instead of trying to figure out how not to be abused again , are interested in `` revenge '' - becoming the abuser . Again , an excellent way to avoid intimacy , and avoid dealing with all of the feelings that are at the root of this behavior.This is n't to say that the methods in the book `` wo n't work . '' There are plenty of men in the world with huge ego 's to compensate for their own low self-esteem . Indeed , this book will help you find one and keep him under your thumb . But this is n't really what you want , is it ?
 I acted like a super bitch -- and it did n't help ! None of the tools designed to shift the parameters of a relationship provided in this book did much for me . Perhaps this book is aimed towards women interested in a different type of men , because I am sorry to say that the man I was dating saw through the tricks being pulled . After a number of dates , our relationship began falling apart as I was getting more bitchy and manipulative , as Sherry 's book suggests . At first , the guy fell for it and was upset that I seemed to be losing interest in him . I did not want to see him heart-broken , but continued following the advice given as I wanted to maintain the relationship . But it did n't take long for him to catch on to what was actually happening . He said that my wonderful aura had been lost and said -LRB- really -RRB- that I was acting like a disgusting bitch . I hate this book !
 I have never understood why this constant emphasis on the word `` control '' in terms of a relationship occurs so frequently . If somebody wants to have a boss , let them get a job . If you want to be a boss , get yourself a solid education and go out into the corporate world or open your own small business . In our time , being `` boss '' should have no place in a relationship if you want it to last . I mean , really , does anyone want someone constantly bitching and complaining about everything around them ? Ultimately the one being plagued will get tired of this behaviour and walk out.If you want to jump from man to man every six or so month , then fine , follow the guidelines presented in this book because they will work in the short run . However , if you 're looking to find a more meaningful relationship you hope will last beyond a year , do n't bother with this one . I am a woman , and I happen to agree with most , not necessarily all , of the reviewers that have given this book negative comments so it 's not only men who are put off by Argov 's arguments.While I do understand , support and admire the author 's attempt to help women realise and or develop their sense of self-worth , I do n't believe a lot of her suggestions are the way to go . It has always boggled my mind why it is so necessary that in order for a woman to feel good about herself she has to put down and demonise a man . With this type of attitude -LRB- the demonising of men ... and this book does suggest that women do just that , albeit subtlely and humourously -RRB- I just do n't see how in all our misguided efforts to `` empower '' ourselves we make any constructive contributions to making this world a better place .
 If you want to end up as a lonely bitter eternal single this is the manual to follow . Women would be outraged if they found a book like this advising men to act like complete creeps towards them.If you want a quality partner in your life for more than a one night stand , you have to treat them with respect.Don ' t waste your money on this pathetic book for the sad Sex & the City spinstresses .
 This book does what every piece of bad chick lit does - it promises one thing , then completely contradicts itself by giving us another . It says ` Why men like women who stand up for themselves ' but then does n't really tell you to stand up for yourself . Instead , it tells you to run around in circles playing games ; making the man chase you . This serves only to make us end up with guys willing to chase , which are usually not the ones we want chasing us to begin with . Even if something is n't bothering you or if things are going along well , you should play a game by making it seem like it is bothering you or things are n't going well , to keep the guy on his toes and make him still want you . Yuck ! This is n't about becoming a strong woman ; it 's about becoming weak , manipulative pain . This book will make you become exactly what you do n't want to be - the woman guys love to sleep with and dump the next day . For some fantastic insight into how to be in the kind of relationship you want to be in and lots of insight into exactly how a guy thinks and interprets our actions , readGod Is a Woman
 This book is directed towards a certain type of women , to advise them them on how to act towards a certain type of man . Contrary to what it suggests , not all men are alike , no more than all women are alike . This book seems to categorize all men as chauvinists , and all women -LRB- at least the target audience -RRB- as dumb blonds . Does n't necessarily work out that way . If you are having social issues of the sort that this book alludes to , you might want to see a counselor instead of taking advice from someone who is probably -LRB- as the title suggests -RRB- , a Bitch !
 I had a friend recommend this book , as she had heard other non-married women recommend it . I think it is pop psychology at it 's worst and I like pop psych usually.If you are truly a doormat in all facets of your life , ca n't say no , then buy the book.If you are single , because you have focused on your career and have a limited dating pool then do n't buy the book.If you like the book `` The Rules '' then again you might like it . I think dating as a grown up requires throwing out the rules , being honest and enthusiastic to meet new people . This book does n't suggest that as a solution versus once again the single woman is told `` it is all you . '' It could really be you , I do n't know you ; - -RRB- The book is written in a satire format which is amusing , but I read about half of it and said enough . I do have a friend who I think maybe could use the book , but I am afraid she might take it literally . So for now it lies beside my bed and I probably wo n't finish reading it .
 I had to adjust the score on this book because I read a lot of books . Shery Argovs themeis manipulative.It is not trully honest to have true love in your life you need to be able to be you 're true self.If you need to be a bitch with the man then he is not the one for you . When a man is in love with a woman she does not need to change who she is .
 The book should be retitled `` Why FEMININE Men Love Bitches '' because much of this advice , if you follow it , is a sure-fired way to become `` just friends '' with a good masculine energy man . Understand that the book is trying to raise a woman 's self-esteem -- and by all means , pick up a copy if you 're new to relationship advice or want to learn a little bit about the mind of some men -- but the assumptions the author makes for how we should actually behave based on `` what men want '' is n't accurate . It also clearly assumes a caliber of men that is lower than some of us have or want.This book only covers one half of the equation
 When you meet the real deal , the timing will be right , the circumstance will be right , and you wo n't have to play games . When you meet the real deal , they will call you when they say they will , you will call them back , and you wo n't have to worry if it 's been 3 days or not . When you meet the real deal , you will be at a place in your life where you are ready to fall in love , real love , because you really love yourself , and therefore will be able to give love in return . There will be no red flags , there will be no lies , just openness and honesty . Your best bet is to take care of your whole self , live to your highest purpose , and know that everyone in this world has a light - and make sure yours shines as brightly as possible . Before you know it , when you are having a ton of fun by yourself , when you 've been working out and eating healthy , stopping your self-sabotaging ways of drinking/drugs/toxic friendships/etc . and happy with yourself , 100 % , looking and FEELING sexy & beautiful from head to toe on the inside and out , one day you 'll look up and they will be right there . Real love is out there , you deserve the best , do n't settle for less.Get an education , get a career you feel great about , and support yourself . There 's nothing more empowering than knowing you paid for that cute new outfit you 're wearing or have all that money in the bank because YOU made it . Not relied on someone else to.Just like you should ask only a rich man and not a poor one for advice on how to make money , you should only ask friends who are in authentic , truly happy relationships for love advice . Do n't ask your single friends or married eh/bored/miserable friends to get to their sub-par status . They are where they are for a reason . Look up . Not down.Why deal with level 4 's when you 're a 10 ? Granted , the ratio of men out there to women is often unfair , especially here in NYC , but settling just to have someone is not the strong choice.Like attracts like . This book is about being a player . Guess what it 's going to attract?Guys have Neil Strauss ' `` The Game . '' That book is n't about getting love . It 's about getting something else . I 'd love to see a bestseller book out there for guys about getting real love . The one that supports you even when you fail , the one that forgives you when you mess up , the one that is there for you no matter what . It 's like the traditional wedding vows say - patient , kind , not boastful , arrogant , proud . And real relationships take real work , it 's another full-time job in many ways and you get what you put into it.In short , know that while no one is perfect , that does n't mean you ca n't find the person who is perfect for you . And when you meet the real deal , you 'll be so happy with them , you 'll forget this book ever existed.Single girls , all I can say is keep your standards . Not the kind that are in delirium high-sky range , but the kind that avoids the dudes who are just no good for you . Notice red flags when you see them and accept them.But most of all do n't give up ! : -RRB-
 I bought this book a short while after getting out of an abusive relationship , thinking it would help me hold my own in any future relationships so the pattern of abuse would n't continue . This idea , however , backfired . What I found myself doing while reading this book was getting more and more angry at men.I understand that women do need to stand up for themselves in all areas of life . If anyone understands this , it 's me . I do n't , however , believe that it 's a good idea to get embroiled in the battle of the sexes . I 'd like to believe that not all men are bad , and that I can be happy in a future relationship without having to resort to any tricks or manipulation.While this book has some good advice -LRB- i.e. , go out instead of waiting by the phone for him to call -RRB- I certainly would n't recommend it to anyone who has any resentment towards the opposite sex . There are some great books out there which are more healing , and less damaging . Try anything by Kathryn Alice or Kathy Freston , for example . I also recommend `` Make Every Man Want You '' by Marie Forleo.Good luck !
 This book gave no straight advice , was dumb , boring , and repetitive many times . I finished it in less than a day and then used the pages for toilet tissue when I was done .
 I am somewhat disappointed with this purchase . When I received the book there was a $ 2 sticker on the front of the book ... There was also all of the quizzes and multiple things underlined with a Blue Color Crayon . I was a little put out for the fact that I paid $ 6 something vs. $ 2 .
 Book arrived late and dirty . It was described as good by the vendor . That 's why I 'm giving it only 2 stars .
 I cant ' believe that `` stupid people '' would exacly waste their time and read this stupid garbage from a stupid philosopher who knows no more then the next person . This is not sound advice and I have n't even read the book I already know I would not compromise my way of doing things . First of all , be loyal to yourself and treat others the way you would want to be treated . the way you treat yourself will be the same way you treat others . Second , do n't change who you are by being catty just to prove a point the only thing you are doing is undermining your own self-respect which diminishes your values . And thirdly , if you want to know how a man should treat a women and vice versa look in the Bible for your answers . It gives sound advice and the only good advice for any type of relationships . -LRB- by the way you should be married for God does not condone fornicators or adulteress -RRB- . This sound advice is pratical , trustworthy , and foolproof . And the best thing about it , it 's free ! Why pay someone for advice that ca n't guarantee you how your relationship will turn out anyway ? This author did not make herself , God made all of us so should n't we follow what he says since he knows whats best for each and every one of us ?
 Why the author keep using the word `` Dumb Fox '' ? It 's quite unnecessary . It ruins the whole structure of the book . She can easily say the smart girl . Yack ...
 No wonder there are so many unhappy men in America ... that attitude from a woman did not fly with me . A friend of mine had it and I wanted to check it out . She is definitely a bitch in many ways , but not like in the book .
 I recently bought this book from my local bookstore , just because I thought it looked interesting but I think I 'll be returning it . Some of the information is sound . like not nagging or being scary needy and that your more likely to get what you want if you 're nice about it instead of bitchy and mean . But i think thats the same for both sexes not just men and is just good information in general . Its a treat others how you want to be treated type of thing.what I did n't like about the book is that the tone makes all men sound like jerks and basically says that women are always going to be the underdogs and have to manipulate their way in life because no one respects us enough for us be honest and actually speak our minds . She also uses bitch as a powerful term for a stronge women , which I did n't really enjoy and thought was kind of misleading . In my mind bitch is always going to be a derogatory term and we should start respecting ourselves a little more by not using it . It 's kind of like using the term douche bag or fa ** ot as a positive term to describe someone . I also did n't like how she wanted women to use sex to manipulate guys . Sex should n't be negotiated it should be something that a girl and guy wants and there should be enough respect on both people 's part not to use it as a weapon . Women should n't be told that they have to ration sex or a guy wo n't respect them . They should be respected for being comfortable with their sexuality and enjoying sex when they want to have it and if your guy does n't respect you for that then you need to find another guy.My boyfriend saw me reading this on the couch and he was pretty appalled he said no guy wants a bitch and that it was basically a woman 's guide on how to use and manipulate men . It was just written using nice words so that people did n't see it for what it was . He also said that some things might be ok in the beginning but eventually ur guy is going to get fed up with you being lazy all the time and blowing him off so you can paint your toes and is going to look else ware for a quality girl that he can make a future with . He also said that guys are going to need a book called how to handle your bitch after girls read this and offered to return the book to the store for me . Lol . I think girls should look for a good guy and no really decent mature guy wants a bitch at least not for very long .
 Okay , with over 500 reviews and opinions on this book , is this really literary or clever marketing ? I say this because it is evident , the author infused great marketing techniques into the emotions of desperate women seeking companionship . However , if any woman is to the point of reading a book to get relationship tips , she 's already in trouble and this book is going to do nothing more than push her deeper into the the realms of low self esteem . True , the author -LRB- I ca n't even nor do I want to remember her name -RRB- did give some tips which were mere matters of common sense . Do n't give your all , do n't jump for a man , do n't come on too strong , and so on and soon . Okay , great ! Most women learn this as early as their high school years and if by the age of 30 , they have not grasped the concept yet , then no book will change that inbreed character . At the same time , the advice given was piratical wisdom . For women who take this book seriously , it is my single opinion that they may be beyond the help they claim to seek , because I am sure , most of them have family and friends who have possibly told them the same things they are reading or going to read in this book , yet failed to take heed to their advice . So now , you run out and purchase a book by a total stranger , to give you tips on matters of the heart . I bet the fact that the cover displays it 's sold a million copies , added to the belief that `` Oh , this has to be the truth ! `` Tell you how I really feel about this book you say . Well , for starers , why does the woman with self esteem , common sense and knows her value , has to be referred to as a Bitch . If it 's not bad enough for some men to call women with dignity out of their name , here is a sister , doing the same . So you ca n't have dignity without being a bitch , and if you 're nice , you 're dumb with no self value ? Basically , that is what the author states throughout her piece.Tell you how I really feel about this book you say . Well , secondly , it was repetitious . The author stated the same thing over and over , just differently . Waste of paper . Next , if I ever learn of a woman serving some half cooked hot dogs or putting on a apron and a oven mitt to serve some pop corn , I may slap her silly . Do n't under mind the intelligence of anyone , especially one you are investing an interest in , karma is a mother!Finally , although I love a human kind , the difference is cultures plays a significant role in finding a companion or mate . White women and men date . They do the dating thing . They hook up , have some drinks , dinner , maybe a night cap and things progress . Then they refrain from seeing one another and date others in that same fashion for about a week or more , before they see that one person who really captured their interest again . Most of the time . Black men and women however are more decisive with their love interest . If the two make a connection , it is n't likely they will take a break to the point of seeing other people before they make it clear to one another that they are looking to make things exclusive . This applies to the entire flock , good , bad and indifferent . So her advice was n't geared to all women . What about Middle Eastern men and women , Asians and Hispanics ? So what I am saying is this book does not represent the thoughts and feelings of all , just a certain poled group . No man wants to be with a bitch ? He will sleep with her , `` date '' her and call her up for a `` booty call '' from time to time , but he will not make her his lady or wife . So ladies , if you have a sense of dignity , this book is simply for entertainment only . If you are what the author considers `` a nice girl '' , this may not be the book that will help you build up your confidence in manner that will benefit you in the long run . And please , do n't consider this book to be your bible ... What did I like about the book ? It has a nice eye catching cover and I respect the marketing hustle of selling a million copies.Girl Power Forever ! Peace & Blessings
 I am a fast reader by nature , but this book took months to get through . Although she made some good points , I think it 's pretty much what every other book out there says .
 This book was manipulation and games to the max . I understand why guys think girls are so crazy sometimes , because of books likes this . Some of the things mentioned in this book were okay , but playing games catches up with you and then nobody is happy .
 There is truth in the book ... it echoes such books written for men trying desperately to win over women . These books are effective at picking up `` hot chicks '' at clubs , or picking up high rollers , business men , lawyers , etc. , that many girls ' mother told them to snag.However , if you want a real realationship , such as I have recently found , then throw out all this game-playing . I have a woman now who could easily be a `` hot chick '' dancing in a club ; but now she is mine and loves only me , she 's a homebody -LRB- which made it a bit difficult to find her , since I am too -RRB- , but we found each other and we are honest with each other . Sometimes honesty hurts and sometimes it 's unwelcome and at times it 's a `` turn off , '' but chasing each other around does not lead to a fulfilling REALationship.I do not discourage reading books on people skills , such as People Skills , by Bolton , which has helped me enrich my friendships tremendously , but the goal should not be to possess someone , but to enrich the relationship . I am grateful for my woman , and I do what I can to please her -LRB- not to attract her or catch her , but to please her -RRB- ; writing poems , giving her simple gifts , doing things for her , etc. . It 's a give and take .
 I read this book with high hopes , looking at the great reviews it had gotten , and having it recommended to Me by someone I know online . I was very disappointed to find that it 's a few hundred pages of telling you to have your own life instead of caving in to another person 's desires all the time . It also basically tells you to lie/make up excuses to get out of seeing someone , to make them want you more -LRB- similar to the strategies of the male version of this book , `` The Game '' -RRB- Maybe it 's just common sense to me , but if you ca n't stand up for yourself and hold your own when it 's important , you probably need to do more than read a book to fix that . The book repeats how it 's not about being mean or nasty -LRB- what most people think of as bitches -RRB- but about being strong and powerful , and knowing what you want . I guess that means that women who know what they want and are smart enough to follow their own hearts are bitches ? Ok ... Needless to say , I gained absolutely nothing by reading this book - I guess I 've got these ideals ingrained in myself and did n't realize so many other people do n't . I 'd certainly recommend reading this book if you 're kind of weak-willed and a pushover in relationships . If you get stepped on a lot because you 're overly nice , yes you should read this and take note ... but do n't spend the $ 15 bucks , if you can find it in a library ... or at least buy it used . Want my copy ?? Please take it off my hands . . I 'll sell it cheap !
 If you are a woman who has no life outside of whatever man you are trying to pursue , then this is the book for you.This book pretty much tells women to pretend to have a life outside of your boyfriend or lover , only then will he realize how truly amazing you are.Only then will the man will try to pursue you and feel like he is winning you over , you alpha female you!Man 's thoughts
 This book will give you a great sense of power like a dose of drugs , and then you 'll crash and burn in the field . The world is already chock-full of b-itches and jerks , and most decent people avoid them as much as possible . It 's rare you run into a kind , unselfish , communicative , mature woman these days . Try behaving like a decent human being first !
 If I could give this book a negative star I would , but , alas , Amazon does not offer that option . I was fascinated with this book for a few reasons -- Argov is a writer 's nightmare . Rarely does she use a compound , complex , or compound-complex sentence . A second grader could write this drivel . The analogies she uses are unimaginative , and she seems to think her target audience is not an educated group of women . Secondly , Argov is a walking contradiction . In one chapter she preaches that women need to be strong , but in the next chapter she writes things like , do n't kill a bug in front of a man because he needs to be the `` hero . '' Always respond to a man 's text , BUT wait at least X amount of minutes or even a day or two to reply . Always make him wait for you . Then Argov has asinine rules . Even three or four months into a relationship do n't cook him dinner . In fact , the most you should do for him is put a bag of popcorn in the mircrowave and nuke it . Why allow him to know you know your way around a kitchen ? Do n't open a jar in front of a man -LRB- however , if a woman should not cook for a man , than I do n't see why she would be opening food jars ... just saying ! -RRB- . At a scary movie , hang all over him , and hide behind your hands during the gory scenes -LRB- even if you want to see the gore -RRB- . Let him tell you when the `` scary part '' is over . Do n't parallel park when he is in the car . If you have to parallel park , let him do it . A woman should always remind a man that he is manly by saying things like `` You 're so strong ... '' . The clencher
 If you have to manipulate someone to get someone then you will have to manipulate him to keep him . If you have to gauge every call you make , every meal you cook and everything you do , you are with the wrong person . I tried some of this person 's tips . I dated a man for seven months and never let him know I really liked him and that it bothered me when he played the come closer go away game . Her tactics were very effective . When I blew him off , he came running to me . I should have asked him what he was looking for in a relationship and told him where I was at in the first month . But I did n't because I did n't want to appear `` needy . '' She was correct in that the more unavailable I was the more he wanted me . Turns out he was dating someone else at the same time he was dating me . I ended the relationship as soon as I found out . If I 'd have trusted my instincts and asked the questions her book advises women not to , I would have dropped him very early and not wasted so much time and effort . Every man I know who I have shared her advice with has laughed out loud . The women I know who are the most successful with men have also given me some advice . Throw this stinkin ' book in the trash .
 I wanted to read this book out of curiosity because I saw the title of this book . I almost wanted to be proven as to why men love `` bitches '' as the writer so says . Read through the book and made a realization that all my past girlfriends must 've already read this book . This book talks about how you 're really not playing games with men but really you are and advocating that if you only show enough interest and not put up with anything from a guy , a guy will actually love you and want to marry you . Seriously ? This must be why the divorce rate is so high today.All my past girlfriends did these things the book suggests . From a guy 's perspective who actually wants a healthy relationship for once
 Men hate bitches . What Sherry fails to understand is that if a woman has to play the games she suggests in this book , perhaps she should be searching for a better man . I have spoken to women who have enjoyed this book and have taken the message to heart . These women have real problems finding a quality man and holding on to them . This book empower a woman 's stupidity
 When I read this book I kept getting this deja-vu feeling like I 'd read the book before - turns out I had . The whole dreamgirl idea was done much better -LRB- and seven or eight months earlier -RRB- by Lisa Daily in `` Stop Getting Dumped ! '' which in my opinion is a much better read . The empowerment aspect of this book is good , and there are some humorous parts , but it just seemed to me like a less funny , far less interesting version of `` Stop Getting Dumped ! '' which I totally loved . `` Why men love '' , I 'm not so crazy about . If you 're a relationship book junkie , this is a reasonable pick to fill out your collection . If you 're only buying one dating book this year , I would n't make it this one .
 Hey `` White Chick , '' damn girl you 're fiesty ! You had me laughing right off the seat , I swear . I love the Lee press-on nail line !!! I hate to say it but it 's all true . I knew about this book a whiles back . And I read the other book that `` B * tch Buster '' mentions too . I have to agree that that book is right on target . I do n't know if B * tch Buster is a brother or what , but he 's right on target to in what he says . Sadly a lot of hate be going on with the sisters as of late . And as for the song No Scrubs , man that was just vicious . First off , I 've been working all my life since 10 -LRB- I 'm now 28 -RRB- . I earned a BA , took time to work and now finishing up my MA . I visited the old neighborhood this summer . All the b * tches that were into that Tlc song were lableing me a scrub because I was living with my aunt and going to school and not wasting my precious money on their dumb a $ $ es . Now they hear of me and my success and are like `` Hey , hey ! '' like we were all best of friends . Like I am stupid or something . I eyed them up and down and just laughed and shook my head . Yeah , I grew up in that neighborhood but I was visiting . Yet now , those same b * tches that were mocking me for going ahead with my life are still living at home and they 're closing in on 30 years of age now . Now that is what a REAL scrub is to me -- just a money hungry , no good , female scrub trying to be holering at me ... Yeah , well I am one of those `` brothers '' that likes white women . They have class for the most part . They 're not anywhere as b * tchy . And they do n't have an act and think that is what gets them ahead . They 're not as cheap and screwing around and selling it cheap and for free and then wondering why their black men are `` dogs . '' It 's because when a woman acts all catty and goes around town offering her butt , there 'll be lots of dogs then who 'll come sniffing around.Anyway , I jsut had to give my cent 's worth on this becuase it hit real close to home . Anyway White Chcik , do n't heed her any attention . And to my real black women and men out there , go get yourselves an education ! Stop having kids out of wedlock . Do n't just say -- but DO ! There is a lot holding us down -- and lest be honest a lot of it is now self-made . Brothers and sisters just stop the damn hate!Go be real and go with God all ...
 I had a girlfriend that I really liked . Then she started acting different , unavailable , and the sweetness I really liked in her changed to indifference.I saw this book in her house , and decided to read it myself.Advice to the ladies
 First of all , the book is , as all previous reviewers remarked , written with great wit and a sense of humor which is as charming as the author 's pose in her photo on the back cover . The book is full of perceptive remarks which will ring true and valid for many a woman ... BUT ... the author seems to try to create a coctail between two things that do n't mix , a message like that of `` The Rules '' along with some `` woman 's lib '' consciousness of `` dancing to your very own tune '' . As a result , the book is loaded with outrageous contradictions : The first two chapters are uplifting and `` empowering '' telling women why they should play by their own rules ... but then , by Chapters 3 and 4 , the message deteriorates ; in chapter 3 , Argov talks about what she defines as `` women 's sexual powers '' with words like '' the candy store '' , and women `` exercising that power '' by giving `` one jujube at a time '' and following some `` jujube installment plan '' ... -LRB- ?! -RRB- Women are not seen as creatures with their very own desires , but just as `` owners of that which men want '' with the whole point being in instructing them in how to `` trade it '' better ... how could that possibly be called `` empowering '' ? . . Is n't that the oldest trick in the book?Then , in chapter 4 , there is a further deterioration , where the `` empowered woman '' of the first two chapters , proud owner of THE candy store in the third , is asked to act like a `` dumb fox '' , and the entire chapter is about how she must PRETEND to be something she is not , and to play a DIFFERENT set of tricks in order to caress man 's `` poor fragile ego '' and make him feel on top , while she tries to get her way with sneaky tactics ... that stuff `` empowering '' ?! ... Then , the book moves on to the upbeat `` dance to your tune '' and `` be your own woman '' bit again ... Then , throughout the book , men are constantly portrayed in an unflattering light that you ca n't help but wonder `` why the trouble ? '' The unmistakable impression is either of jerks who think they are smart and whom Argov is teaching us how to `` dupe '' ... alternately that of `` wolves in disguise '' and this is some `` 101 de-wolfing course '' for the little red riding hoods of the world ... and , while `` instructing '' women how-to tricks for the `` taming '' of men , repeating that the taming process does not stop , there seems to be no belief whatsoever in any inherent goodness that could possibly exist in men , but that such goodness could only come as a result of women 's skill at `` moulding '' them , with a bit of manipulation here , calculation there , sneaky games here , sexual blackmail there ... etc. . etc. . And while women are told to calculate and manipulate , they are simultaneously told to `` define themselves from within '' , and to `` follow their inner calling '' while at the self same time `` making the right impression '' . . That is where the book falters ... the two just do n't go together , at least not in any sane , balanced individual , and any attempts to convince otherwise is a bluff ! Maybe a witty and funny bluff like this book , but a BLUFF nontheless!For women who need a recipee to ensnare a man at all costs , as long as these women feel `` cool '' with a relationship founded on never-ending manipulation , as long as these women have no problem pretending to be one person then a complete other at different stages of `` the game '' , as long as they do n't mind putting their wits and energy into such a feat on a ongoing basis , and living from the outside in , constantly looking at themselves , checking and calculating that they are making the right impression ... if these women do n't mind all that , well , this book may well be their manifesto .
 This book says what many many other say , basically that a girl should play hard to get , to make the guy wait , etc etc. . I think where all those books go wrong is to assume that there is pretty much only one type of girl , one type of guy , and one type of relationship . Argov means well , because all the recommendations in the book will work , and she 's right to say girls should n't let their guard down too soon . After having read this , though , I can spot a `` bitch '' girl a mile away . I 'd just prefer that a girl be straight-up rather than play some stupid transparent game , as if I do n't notice what 's going on . Another problem one will notice if one reads serious books on relationships is how the verbal messages do n't coincide with the girls ' nonverbal behaviour , which causes problems all the time in relationships . If people want to really learn about relationships & communication they should take a course on those topics , like I -LRB- a sensitive guy -RRB- did or study some serious books on them by authors such as Sharon Brehm , Mark Knapp , Ronald Adler , etc. . Books like `` Why Men Love Bitches '' are roughly the equivalent of getting relationship advice from television , so you can expect similar results I think . Another problem I have with these sort of books is that they 're written on the assumption that all `` nice '' girls are roughly the same , the guys are roughly the same and the same formula can be used on all guys , with the same result . -LRB- obviously the real world does n't work this way -RRB-
 Being a man , I can tell you from personal experience that this is exactly NOT the way you should behave if you are looking for a sensitive and caring man . Do onto others as you would have them do unto you . I 've dated several women who were like this and dropped them very quickly . This book is absolutely ludicrous .
 Guys , this is a great book to read for no other reason than it will help you strengthen your game and read what other women are reading about us . Find out if you are unwittingly giving yourself away with unsaid cues and learn what women are looking for in men , especially what they are wanting men to be looking for in women . Versatility is the name of the game in playing the game , and reading up on your prey and what drives them psychologically will definitely give you an advantage . Learn of their desires , their needs , and how to placate and play to the sense of independence of the `` strong woman . `` Sharpen you skills by learning more on how your taget thinks and know how to better present yourself in the manner that such women are looking to find in a man .
 I 'm reminded of the proverb
 This book is basically a catty manual for women with low self-esteem who do n't know how to communicate their wants and needs when in a healthy relationship . It gives advice on how to sneakily manipulate a situation to your advantage , rather than telling you how to best fix it in a manner that both people in a relationship can understand and are okay with.An example from the book
 This book is written unfortunatey by someone who has problems against the world.It teaches you how to cheat , lie to everyone , fake orgasms , forget who you are , and just be a complete bitch - and everyone will hate you for that.So if you want to ruin your life , do as it is written in this book ...
 A friend suggested this book to me . She had read it and said that it was well written and had a comedic value to it so I downloaded the preview to my Kindle . After reading the preview , I purchased the entire book and sat down for an evening of what I thought would be a great read.The first 1/3 of the book is entertaining . It does have some good advice but was nothing that I had n't already implemented or heard before . The enormous fault that I find with the book is toward the end , it starts to compare men to things like your dog and that you should treat them the same way . It turns condescending and I could n't finish the last couple of chapters because of it . As the book says , there is a difference being a full blown irritating bitch and a bitch that a man loves . Unfortunately the author writes like the bitch a man loves in the beginning but turns toward the end .
 I am not at all surprised over the controversy and the somewhat laughable spectacle this book has generated among readers . D. Leon has made some good points , but I felt they were over generalized and some are just plain , flat out wrong -LRB- no attack meant here D. Leon if you 're reading this . She asked for a `` fine gentleman '' to explain why men dump `` sweet girls '' for the proverbial b * tch . Well , I do n't know what her definition of a `` fine gentleman '' is but I do get up for little old women -LRB- and men -RRB- to give up my seat on the train . But even though my moma might have raised me right , I am far from being a `` nice guy , '' who like the `` nice girl , '' as D. Leon alleges , get treated poorly and taken for granted.I personally have never seen any man dump a sweet girl for the `` b * tch '' type . What I have seen , sad to say , is a guy who 's cheated on the good , `` nice girl '' with the '' bad girl '' type . But I never saw him leave the good type for the bad type . Why he did it ? The sex . It was just sex . Not for a relationship . And as much as good women reading this would be angry , it says equally as much about the good girls who seek these `` bad boy '' types and take them back at the end.Why women do that is what I would like to know . Yes , these guys are rakes , and yes they are worthless and unworthy of a good woman . But these women want these guys . It 's like these women need to `` tame '' them to have some approval of womanhood bestowed on them . It 's a form of vanity , when you get down to it , for if this woman can tame that bad boy , and have him wanting her and no one else , what volumes that must speak about her as a woman , no ? Or as these women just plain desperate and so fearful of being alone . What is it?Well , I do n't know . Yeah , I am one of those nice guys who although loves sex and lots of it , would not cheat . I like romance . I like treating a woman nice . To lots of women hearing this , they picture some fat , bald guy , but I 'm not and an ex-jock in his late 20 's now . In my experience , when you keep the romance on later in the relationship women take it for granted , or worse start to think you 're covering something up out of a guilty conscious . It 's like you ca n't win . And although no push over , I 'm just no bad boy type . It 's a lame game and I would not want those women interested in those `` men . `` So where does this leave us with good women wanting bad men , good men feeling and often being the last guys finishing , and bad men and bad women just using everyone ? It 's to laugh at if it were n't so sad at times . But you know , sometimes , good people do find one another and actually , amazingly , when it seems like all the odds are against it , fall in love . It 's rare and it happens and a beautiful thing.I 'm not maudlin and sentimental . I 'm realistic . I 'm a good guy but a pain at times . I 'm high strung , a type-A personality , who gets by frequently less than 6 hours a night and works until 2AM and up early . I 'm a neat freak and perfectionist type . Women see this in someone like me and think they have to be perfect . I do n't suffer from this need . For I recognize I am far from perfect and know , despite some women wanting to convey otherwise , they are not either . And I like that . All the weird idiosyncrasies , peculiarities , the private things they would n't want anyone else to see or know about them . But you women are just plain nuts . You complain about men pushing you out , but you never really let your own self out . And sometimes , you play this front so long that it genuinely seems you do n't know who you are and how to be , or just plain be yourself in those private , quiet moments . It 's practiced , often has an agenda , or so confined with self-consciousness that it 's completely devoid of real , genuine intimacy.Women are all too often living more in a fantasy romance world , where everything has to be perfect though . In it they 're perfect . The men are perfect . Their lives are perfect . No arguments . No disagreements . No problems . The sex is spectacular every time . The world stops in its track . It 's nirvana on earth . Then they live in the real world . Suddenly , their not that perfect and feel men are judging them , comparing them to that ideal in their fantasy . Or he is not that ideal . An argument or disagreement is now cause for a sudden reevaluation of the relationship , for it means paradise has been lost . But then again , it could n't have been paradise to start . And the women who exhibit this more than any woman is the b * tch type . Perhaps that is why so many men sleep with them but never really commit to them.But as for leaving a sweet loving woman for the b * tch ? Never . Nor would I `` jump through hoops '' for a b * tch let alone sleep with one . And no real man would either .
 The reason most women find this book exciting , is because the psychology used in this book is what attracts women to men and keeps them interested.It does NOT work the other way around , not for the long term at least . Its a completely different set of emotional priciples that keep men hanging in there for the long haul.Playing aloof to the guy who finally sets your heart on fire , is a sure way to put that fire out . Not to mention all the wonderful emotional thrills you would lose out on , which is reason to be in a relationship in the first place.The only reason to get this book is if :1 -RRB- You are a total doormat .2 -RRB- You want a guy to be your doormat , in which case you need to find a total wimp . But ask yourself is this the kind of guy who pulls your heartstrings ? 3 -RRB- You want to have an open realtionship -LRB- seeing other people outside of the realtionship -RRB- . So be Bitch at your own risk -- you may well lose your soul mate when you finally meet him .
 I seriously hope this book is written and designed to be taken as comedy and not a self-help book . Any one who uses this as the foundation for her relationship is begging for ruin . I 'm happily married and for some unknown reason a relative handed it to me with the words `` i think you 'd enjoy this '' to this day i 'm still unsure of how to take that . It urges women to manipulate men they are interested in , act snobbish , lazy and often just plain rude . I read some of the parts to my husband who agreed it 's an extreme . Of course who do n't want to act like an obsessive doormat , but being a controling seemingly uninterested b-tch is n't any better . It also casts men in a very negitive light . Of course there are always going to be jerks in the word , but there are alot of good guys out there too , if you take this book to heart you 'd come away thinking all men want is sex , sex , food , more sex . According to this book , no man wants to get married , have children or anything above a one night stand.Men , if you see your lady reading this book , RUN.Women , if you are reading this book , take what it says lightly and with many many grains of salt .
 I doubt any adult male with an IQ would buy into these cheesy games . Here was actual advice from the book : - Go in the basement and turn off the circuit breaker . Act afraid . When he turns it back on , celebrate him like a hero . -LRB- Page 143 -RRB- - Make him feel powerful by having him address the hostess
 Let me get this striaght . If a woman is acting like a total bitch toward me , that means she LIKES me ? My mind is officially blown.I 'll bet women who take this book seriously are perfect for guys who take `` The Game '' by Neil Strauss seriously . I just hope I 'm not the only single person left in this world who just wants to have a nice relationship with a nice person and not have play a bunch of silly mind games .
 If you are a woman and wants to learn about self esteem , I suggest you start doing yoga , learn about yourself , your strenghts and weaknesses , your dreams and what makes you fulfilled besides a man . In no way , I mean IN NO WAY , read this book if you are looking for love , that is , real relationships with real people in the real world .
 I was dating a woman who all of the sudden starting acting like she did n't care , that she just was n't interested . I responded the way book said I would . The problem was that I actually cared about her , so when she seemed upset or uninterested I attempted to correct the situation . I guess this taught her a lesson - Act like a B * itch and get what you want . That did n't last long at all . A week went by and She finally got around to calling me to inquire as to why I had n't called her . I told her politely and honestly that she seemed uninterested and I did n't enjoy spending time with her anymore , she just seemed to have no respect for me and was acting rather childish . Another week went by and she called to confess this book -LRB- which led me here -RRB- , and to apologize . She was sorry and wanted things to `` go back to the way they were '' . Too little , too late , too bad . She just proved herself to be selfish and manipulative -LRB- not to mention stupid for believing this crap -RRB- . You can learn not to be selfish and manipulative , but you ca n't cure stupid . I told her it was deceitful behavior on the same level as lying . That if there were a problem with our relationship and she was n't getting what she wanted , then she should have talked to me about it . We could have tried to work things out and if it was unworkable , we could try again or part ways civilly.Treating a man like crap as a means of conning him into getting what you want , is exactly what kind of foundation for a serious relationship?I told her that she succeeded in changing me , that was for sure . I went from someone who cared about her to someone that did n't give a damn.So in the spirit of making money by destroying relationships , I 'll offer some advice.When the person you 're in a relationship with enjoys your company and attempts to spend time with you - Act uninterested or b * tch your way into doing something you know for a fact he is n't going to enjoy . Since he cares about you and wants you to be happy he 'll do it , but keep doing this until he realizes that you really are n't interested and really are a B * tch . That way you can buy my self-help book about dealing with loneliness and depression.That 'll be $ 19.95 .
 When I first started reading this book I laughed a lot , it was very funny and clever but suddenly it fell into this `` change your personality '' type of theme and from there everything went downhill . Basically , guys will like you but , you will no longer be `` you '' but this complex creature who will have predetermined reactions for every situation . Half way through the book , the author has gotten her point across millions of time , she contradicts herself in every chapter , telling you not to be his servant , nevertheless you should never complain for his mess in the house , letting him do whatever he wants , etc. . She repeats herself trying to write a book out of a single thought . I would not recommend this book to anybody , it is merely a waste of time in something that can be said in one page .
 Chapter 2
 I agreed with many points of `` Why Men Love Bitches , '' so I generously gave it a 2-star rating.Helpful points :1 -RRB- Remember your self-worth .2 -RRB- Maintain your dignity .3 -RRB- Never tolerate disrespect from a man .4 -RRB- Never fake an orgasm .5 -RRB- Be yourself .6 -RRB- Do not overcompensate for feelings of inferiority by catering and giving too much to a man , especially in the first stages of non-exclusive dating .7 -RRB- Do not follow the `` sex on the third date '' rule , as guys who follow this and pressure a woman for it usually want a hit and run .8 -RRB- Allow time for personal hobbies , activities , work , etc. . Never let the -LRB- non-emergency -RRB- needs of a man come before your own to the point that you are not physically taking care of yourself .9 -RRB- Dump a guy who always makes you pay for dates or tries to get you to loan money .10 -RRB- Allow the guy to make the first move in terms of contact , and do n't make yourself too available , waiting for his call .11 -RRB- Do not nag or smother him .12 -RRB- Do not over-cater to him for things he is capable of doing himself -LRB- e.g. finding silverware -RRB- .13 -RRB- Do not `` mommy '' him by telling him obvious things to remember in regards to things he can do himself .14 -RRB- Compliment your man and always appreciate the kind gestures he does for you .15 -RRB- He does n't need to know personal information about you , such as the exact number of people you slept with before him , so politely refuse to answer .16 -RRB- Do not give too much until he proves himself as someone who will appreciate you and reciprocate .17 -RRB- Do not be a doormat .18 -RRB- Do not tell everything about yourself all at once .19 -RRB- Use humor to lighten the mood -LRB- this book has some humorous lines here and there -RRB- . However , there were many points of this book that I did not agree with because I felt they sent a negative , unhealthy message . When I first started reading the book , it seemed positive and uplifting
 I have a penis . And I ca n't stand working with bitches , let alone dating one.The ideas put forth in this book are so far from my own experiences and thoughts as a guy that reading I wondered if she was describing an alien species . I do n't understand how people can write books about the other gender with a good consciousness . If women are so interested in reading a book about how men behave and think , I suggest asking their male friends or reading books on dating written by men . At the end of the day , while men are generally different from women , when it comes to relationships we all want the same thing : LoveRespectFriendshipExcitementCommitmentHonestyHumorOf course , it 's hard to sell books when the `` rules '' fall down to your basic Kindergarten `` Golden Rule '' . I dated a girl who listened to this type of nonsense . And the relationship fizzled out after I realized she was playing games with dates and answering the phone . I just stopped calling her . A few weeks later I ran into her and after our awkward conversation she called me up and asked why I had stopped calling her . I told her the truth.I mean , maybe guys do play games . But if we do ... then we still win if our girlfriends are playing the same game with these rules . I pursue women who excite and interest me . I 'm interested in personality , profession , education , and confidence . If I pursue somebody who appears not interested I leave them alone and go for somebody else.Overall I thought the book would be great for people who just got out of a nasty relationship . Build up your self esteem and take responsibility for your actions . However , you are n't ready for a real relationship until you feel comfortable making concessions and compromises for the sake of said relationship . I know that I would never be in the great relationship I am now were she or I to listen to the junk advice in this book .
 model of a successful relationship . I heartily reccommend Albert J. Bernstein 's _ Emotional Vampires , dealing with people who drain you dry _ as one of the best , if not the best study of different personality types and precisely how they make your life miserable . Read Bernstein , and compare your partner -LRB- s -RRB- with the behavioral checklist . Are you drawn to narcissists , passive-aggressives , histrionics , or paranoids ? Learn to identify these types before they contaminate your life and learn how to defend yourself against them . Men DO N'T love bitches . Not successful , intelligent , emotionally healthy men . Men do n't like being manipulated , bullied , or symbolically castrated . If you think you can rescue your relationships with a facile , one dimensional model of personal interaction , you will be setting yourself up for and endless round of lifeless , loveless control games that will eventually leave you exhausted , disgusted and broke . `` Holding Your Own '' means knowing exactly what you are dealing with , and having precise responses . Get Bernstein , read it and take notes , then come back and revisit this silly book , and compare the amount of solid information you can take away from each one .
 This new trend in advice books aimed for women has all the sensationalism -LRB- and staying power -RRB- of Reality TV or other `` yellow '' forms of entertainment . I realize the title and writing is sensationalized in order to sell lots of books and make the author a nice pile of royalty checks , is this really an advancement in relationships between the sexes?I wanted to give it one star , but I realize , if you want to play a game along the lines recommmended in this book , you can manipulate another human being and keep them in a relationship . But my question is -- if you have to resort to such tactics , and if the other person is willing to continuously submit to such tactics , what kind of long-term relationship are you hoping to achieve ? Like I posted about another ill-fated book of advice on modern marriage , if I were a divorce lawyer , I 'd be sending out complimentary copies of this book all across my locale with my name and number affixed to the front cover , and just wait five years.There is a world of difference between being an assertive , confident , self-realized woman -LRB- or man -RRB- emotionally and mentally capable of making an enriching relationship fit into a modern life , and resorting to guerilla tactics in order to accomplish what many would consider an altruistic goal.As I posted regarding another women 's book in a similar vein , the test in these books is to reverse the pronouns , and read this book as if it were an advice book for men , postulating the same code of conduct , except for men . If the book does n't sound as tantalizing or promising when read this way , but instead sounds knuckle-headed and manipulative , the question is n't why you are n't being more assertive , more confident , more willing to have an interdependent relationship and still respect yourself and your chosen partner -- the question is , why after all these years of feminism and social `` advances , '' are you still hiding behind internal feelings of inadequacy , inferiority , and only thinly-veiled hostility towards men on an individual basis?Be the person that can be loved and respected and valued , THEN -LRB- and this is very essential -RRB- find a man who can complement and value these traits in yourself . And yes , I 've read the reviewers here who talk about the men they 've had to live with and put up with . Question is , did you HAVE to put up with them ? Is your bad experience going to continue to result in generalizing half of the population that just happens to be a different gender than you ?
 Wow , I just read some of the reviews below . I 's amazing how emotionally laced some of these reviews are . What is really striking is how all the guys are saying the book sucks and then there 's a divide among the women . It 's clear this book is far from offering any universal insight in sexual politics , which if you 're honest is what this book is really concerned wtih . And even more than that , this book is really a how-to book at how to get a guy to fall for you . Again , all the guys are saying no-way , and the women are going at it and really divided.A case in point is MissAnn -LRB- who I suspect might really be LittleOracle -RRB- and Jennifer R. I found Jennifer R 's take refreshingly honest from a woman . In fact , the way the word b * tch is being used in this book , Jennifer R , obviously very strongly opinionated , free-spirited , and take-charge , exemplifies in just about every respect the attributes that Sherry Argove is promoting . Jennifer R really slam dunked MissAnn -LRB- or LittleOracle -RRB- really good . At any rate , all this book seems to do is make controversy and divide people . I think that says quite a lot about it in itself .
 I want to quote a female reviewer -LRB- `` LittleOricle '' -RRB- : `` I have a friend who lives for her boyfriend and really could use this book but she 's so far gone that I 've given up hope . I ca n't tell you how many times she 's cancelled on me at the last second because he decided he wanted to go out at that time . Wrong . You hate when your friends do that to you and you 're disgusted with them for their attitudes -- so why on earth would you do it ? Besides , he 's more likely to call back when you do n't offer everything on a platter at once -- including your heart ; You lose mystery with him when you do that and he loses interest . `` This quote best personifies the bitter , angry , jealous , envious `` gurl friend '' of a woman , who is secretly desiring to see her friend 's relationship end . Why ? Like all envious , bitter little women , they have no man of there own.I have found that if there is real chemsitry and interest between two people , the surest way to have a man not call you back is not show interest . In contradiction to LittleCuticle 's belief , a man is more likely to call you back when you show him interest . I doubt she would know that though and is still probably dateless and loveless.I used to have `` friends '' like her . I know her type and woman like her . And to answer her question why on earth I 'd cancel on a person like her and go out with my boyfriend -- my lover -- is because I actually have a boyfriend and would rather spend the time with him going out , having fun , and making love -- than spending it with a looser so-called `` friend '' like her.I used to believe this crap when I was younger . I was even so into the heartless b * tches international website until I realized I was getting older and really becoming just like those bitter lonely loosers myself.I think the real sell-outs to women today are women . It 's other women to be fearful and distrusting of today -- not men . So many bitter , angry women , who when they do n't find love want to insanely destroy it with others and then sit around their circle of bitter friends and say `` see I told you , men are sh*t . `` Well , now you know why both men and women cancel on you and do n't want to hang out with you LittleCuticle or whatever you call yourself
 I was amused and both disgusted by this book.It did NOT work with my boyfriend of 2 yrs ... in fact , he picked up immediately that things had subtly changed , and said , `` I can see through these games you 're playing , so please stop it , because I do n't appreciate it . '' And no , he 's never had another girlfriend in his life , so no one else would have treated him like this . My mother had initially let me borrow it after she read it , and she 's been happily married over 20 yrs ... and she was not thrilled with the overall message of the book . She said , `` If you have to play these games with anyone of the opposite gender , you should n't be with them . '' It 's true . With the exception of gently reminding people what you 've done for them when they pick what you 've done apart , most of these techniques just seemed too abusive to me for everyday use.Life is n't a corny teen flick where this stuff works -- if it was , I 'd be living in a house worth $ 800,000 , have a hot next door neighbor exactly my age , and my biggest problem would be the next time my nails were going to be done . However , this is not the case -- cut the drama and find some real problems in life to fix .
 The message behind the book is certainly agreeable
 So what are you getting ? A man who has to be handled and manipulated , just so you can be treated decently . The author of the Bitches book derides women who give too much , but then spends the entire book telling women what they have to do , how they have to talk , how they have to think , and who they have to become in order to hook their so-called man . In the end , the woman is jumping through as many hoops as before , plus she has to wear the pants because otherwise he 'll get bored and wo n't have any respect for her.I prefer men who are attracted to real women , not pseudo-men . If I have to think like a man , talk like a man , act like a man , and be the man , what do I need him for ? I have a vibrator for that . And while we 're on the subject , what does he need ME for ? Should n't he just admit that he 'd be happier with a man?I wo n't wear the pants for any man . If he ca n't appreciate a feminine woman so that I have to protect myself from his immaturity and ineptitude , he 'll find I 'll wear the pants one time -- in order to throw his sorry butt out the door so he can go back to playing with the other little boys .
 Nice girls always finish last , huh ? Well , yes , if you believe this book 's premise . Such rancor is childish nonsense . A bitch deserves , gets , and ends up with a dog ... if that . Hell hath no fury ... Better to just stick to getting money and call it `` love myself '' , thank you , and `` fxxx yourself '' , loser , this book 's making me loads of money telling hurt women how to get back at men . Try it , and you 'll see what you `` get back '' alright . Another way may be to be a better person and learn how to attract and select better types of people and remain wary of badmouthing -LRB- `` All men are ... '' -RRB- n envious friends around you keeping you down by the fire hydrant ... with `` ad-vice '' and books like this . Otherwise , good riddance and begone with you because you 'd just prove that it then was n't such a mistake to breakup with you after all ...
 Although I only gave this book two stars -LRB- I 'll share with you why in the next paragraph -RRB- , I have to give credit where it is do
 A rather misandristic selection of `` solutions '' and surveys , masquerading as a self-help guide for women .
 This book only tells you how to play games , if you wan na play games , go ahead . If you 're looking for something real , then save your money .
 Men do not love bitches . If they are with one , then they either gave up on love , lack courage to stand up for themselves , or do not know that real love exists out there for them . Men and women are from the same species and essentially have the same standards for each other . They both do not like being treated poorly by the other . They both do not respect promiscuity in the opposite sex -LRB- men call women whores and women call men dogs -RRB- . And they both want mutual love and respect . So be nice , loving , and respectful to each other and be happy . What is so complicated ?
 Let me start off by saying that I am liberal . But I have absolutely no patience for intellectual dishonesty , especially not from those teaching history to others . They have a duty to give a fair account of history , as what they teach becomes truth in the minds of those taught history . The perspective of the authors is anything but fair . The authors of this book should be ashamed . Before reading this book for a history course , I read the reviews here . I was hoping that the reviewers claiming this to be liberal propaganda were simply misguided conservatives who take offense at anything conflicting with their world view . Turns out they were right . I realize that many wrongs have been committed by the white majority of society in American history , but this is not all of what history is about.The authors of this book are staunch supporters of conflict theory . They spend an unfairly large portion of each chapter on the plight of the underprivileged , and especially on minorities and women . The authors seem to view all of society 's problems as the fault of the social/governmental/economic system . The concept of personal responsibility apparently is a lost cause . The authors seem to not only subscribe to the social belief of equal opportunity , but also equality of outcome.Almost every chapter has a large amount of text devoted to the plight of minorities and women . Minorities are always blameless in this book , and the big bad white men can never seem to do anything with moral integrity.The first chapter of this book , `` The Union Reconstructed '' , is intended to tell the history of the Reconstruction Era , or post Civil-War era . It ends up talking more about the plight of blacks than it does on actual Reconstruction . Every single photograph/painting in this chapter , save for one , has to do with the plight of blacks , usually in the form of being exploited by whites . Ridiculous.While most other chapters are not this bad , it still sets a tone that will last throughout the book . Near the end of the book , the authors even have the audacity to claim that opposition to affirmative action is rooted in racism -LRB- page 1087 -RRB- . If that 's not an unfair account of history , then I do n't know what is . The authors let their bias cloud the truth , and it is a travesty.I would also like to note that this last chapter -LRB- which tells of the history from 1992-2002 -RRB- spends not even a full three pages talking about the economy , and then goes on for almost five pages talking about the plight of minorities . Actually , let me break down , page by page , what this chapter discusses , just so you can see how people can get the impression that this is n't a history book , but liberal propaganda . 1074-1077 talks about immigration into the US . 1077-1079 talks about the Census of 2000 , where it spends much time talking about ... you guessed it , women and minorities . 1079-1081 talk about the economy . 1081-1082 talks about the plight of the lower classes . 1082 , 1083 , and 1086 talks about `` Aging and Illness '' , which deals with the increase in the elderly population , the health concerns and social pressures that come with that , and the AIDS epidemic . -LRB- pages 1084 and 1085 are one of the `` Recovering The Past '' features which serve to break up the pace of the text a little bit -RRB- 1086 to 1092 talks about , what else , minorities and women ! A paltry two pages is then spent on the revival of the Democrat party with Bill Clinton . 1093-1095 deal with some general political history . 1095-98 deal with the rise of George W. Bush . 1098-1102 deal with foreign policy . And then a paltry two pages are spent on September 11th , the War of Terrorism , the Afghanistan War , and the impending conflict in Iraq . And , that 's the end of the chapter . It 's almost as if little happened in the 1990s except blacks getting persecuted ! Sounds like a fair telling of history , does n't it?Other examples of flagrant unfair history telling is in Chapter 17 . The Native Americans are portrayed as this collection of nice little idyllic , Utopian societies that was suddenly torn to pieces by the evil white men . The whites slaughtered the Native Americans while the Native Americans were not guilty of any atrocities . Sorry , this is n't how it happened . There were atrocities on BOTH sides , and yet not once does this text mention any atrocities committed by any Native American tribes . I will concede , however , that the white settlers were probably more at fault than the Native Americans , but the Native American tribes were by no means blameless like this book would like you to think . `` But their bravery and skill could not permanentally withstand the power of the well-supplied , well-armed , and determined U.S. Army . '' -LRB- page 592 -RRB- Their `` bravery and skill '' ? Give me a break . Another quote
 This book is very one sided and very liberal . I have no problem with political philosophies different than my own . The problem I do have is being forced to spend $ 80.00 on a book that blames the `` white man '' for every ill of modern history . This view of history needs to be told . I just wish other viewpoints were told as well . Having said that , it is written well and gives the reader a different view of history .
 This book tries to teach history without actually including any concrete information . It outlines general trends without emphasizing the historical facts on which the trends are based . While it 's certainly important to recognize progressions in history , it 's extremely difficult to learn about them based only on the text 's vague , 50-page summaries , all of which fail to mention any form of historical evidence.As a student , I found this book 's approach to teaching history disastrous and mildly insulting . First of all , it fails to convey even the most cursory knowledge of history by shunning , at all costs , cruel Old Regime teaching methods that might require DATE memorization or familiarity with historical FACTS . With nothing to `` Lock On '' to , it 's very hard to retain anything . Even worse , however , are the implications of the book 's approach . I like History because I enjoy being able to look at a set of evidence and trying to figure out , based on otherwise stale information , what * actually * happened , what life was like . Somehow , I got the sense that by describing outright `` what life was like , '' the book implies that to force students to learn INFORMATION is useless , that students are unable to think for themselves and interpret historical information with any accuracy.I think I should comment , also , on one reviewer 's dismissal of this book as `` Nouveau History . '' I come close to BEING one of the `` Tenured Radicals '' this reviewer had so much disdain for , and I still hated this book . I would hate it if I were communist . There 's so much wrong with it that to criticize it for its left-wing perspective is plain silly.I would recommend `` The American Promise , '' by James L. Rourke , Micheal P. Johnson , and a few others instead .
 This book was horrible . I was forced to use it in a mandatory brainwash ... er , history course for school . The book essentially goes like this : We settled Massachusetts , and the indians , blacks , gays and women were persecuted.Then , we started a westward expansion which led to persecution for indians , blacks , gays , and women.During the revolutionary war some white guys fought or something , but it is important to note that the indians , blacks , gays ... This book is a proselyting tool , a transparent piece of propaganda . I did n't convert .
 This has got to be the worst and boring history book of all . Throughout my entire years in school reading history book this has to be the worst . It gets so boring you ca n't even read it if you try . If you did read it , chances are you did not understand them 10 pages . Combining with a horrible professor and book it 's going to be one long semester for me .
 I 'm a high school junior in NJ , and I have to say that I have never met a single balanced history textbook throughout my education . `` From the back cover
 This is one of those `` Nouveau History '' books . You know the type , the white man is evil , most of U.S. history was about slavery . If your teacher has assigned this book , then I would advise you to read `` Tenured Radicals '' by Roger Kimball to get a better indication of what your teacher is really like .
 dont waste your time with this guy . I do n't know where he gets his info . My son has one of Mr. Nash 's textbooks for history and I have never seen so much left wing bias , especially in a textbook .
 I honestly do n't get the appeal of these books . Why bother making -LRB- or reading -RRB- black & white reprints of classic four-color comics ... ? I mean , yeah , the stories are still great and the original comics are hard to find , but a huge part of what made these comics great was the eye-popping artwork , including the bright primary colors
 I 've never seen comics in black & white before . I was truly disappointed .
 Think about all the worst stereotypes of the melodramatic villain , including the satirical ones . They 're all rolled into one here , but rest assured , as you knew from page one , all virtue is rewarded and vice punished -LRB- except of course when the vice is perpetrated by one of a family of utter paragons , then it is written off as mere boyish spiritedness and all is , ultimately , forgiven -RRB- . And if you think that sentence is a bit contorted , you 'd better stay well away from Fanny Burney.Like other reviewers , I was led to this from Northanger Abbey . I chose it from the several other C18th novels listed in that because I knew something of Fanny 's estimable father 's musicological writings and I was intrigued by her career as Keeper of the Queen 's wardrobe or whatever it was.What I got from it was how far above her precursors Jane Austen is in terms of clarity of style and depth of characterisation . Reading this book with a C21st sensibility , the sententious moralising by the most ` admirable ' , i.e sickeningly flawless , characters is almost unreadable.Here 's one taste , there 's a lot more like this ... -LSB- Dr Marchmont is a learned cleric , adviser to the hero . He had cautioned the hero against pursuing the heroine too hastily because he , Dr Marchmont had been disappointed in the character of a lady whom he had initially taken to be a non pareil -RSB- `` Dr Marchmont , as he saw the pure innocence , open frankness and spotless honour of her heart , found her virtues , her errours -LRB- sic -RRB- , her facility , or her desperation , but a picture of youth ; and regretting the false light given by the spirit of comparison , in the hypothesis which he had formed from individual experience , acknowledged its injustice , its narrowness , and its arrogance . `` If you imagine you would relish 996 pages of that sort of stuff , throw yourself unhesitatingly into the delights of this work.I will say that the plotting is about on a par with Sir Walter Scott although the utter certainty of vice and virtue receiving their just due and of the hero and heroine ending in wedlock leaves you only wondering what twists and tribulations they , and you , will have to go through to get to page 996 .
 Published in 1988 , this autobiographical hodge-podge of medical training , travel and dabbling in the occult is at times fascinating but ultimately ends with a 22 page pretend speech to a group of skeptics about why Crichton believes in various occult practices like channeling and talking to cactus plants -LRB- I 'm not making this up -RRB- . The title , `` Travels '' , and even the jacket blurb leave you thinking this might be about travel - you know like taking a trip to Australia . And though there are interesting short accounts of travel to Asia and Africa , these accounts get fewer and shorter as you are unwittingly led into Crichton 's real purpose in writing this book - noting his personal beliefs and experiences in the occult and trying to convince the reader that there is something to them.The first 1/3 or so of the book includes Crichton 's experiences in Medical School in New England . I found this fascinating mostly because Crichton seemed to always feel so superior to not just the other students struggling to learn the art of medicine , but also his teachers , the other doctors and pretty much anyone else he came in contact with . What a colossal ego the author had ! Many accomplished people have these over-sized egos , and you can even argue that you need an over-size ego to accomplish great things , but it is hard to accept the views of someone with seemingly so little perception regarding others . And while there are strangely anti-social and uncompassionate doctors out there , they are few and far between in my 20 year experience as a physician.In case you think that Crichton only treats doctors with disdain , wait until you read about other people with whom Crichton had contact . After medical school , Crichton makes a ton of money and becomes famous via his fiction and movies and then seemingly spends much of the rest of his life wondering why he feels so empty . I really felt sorry for this guy by the end of the book . I also wondered what kind of venereal diseases he caught in this life of frequent marriages , promiscuous sex and libertine travels . I admit I was rather disgusted when Crichton and his buddies visit a child brothel in Thailand.But most of the book , and clearly the theme of the book , is Crichton 's dabbling in the occult . Crichton tells us of out-of-body experiences where he floats up in the room and looks down at his body , hearing a cactus talk to him , pulling three entities -LRB- a bug , a devil , and a little man with a hat who sat behind one shoulder -RRB- out of him , paying various fortune-tellers to tell his fortune , noticing auras , playing with energy fields and re-living his life as a gladiator . -LRB- I 'm not making this up . -RRB- I have to admit , I was intrigued with why a shadow entity needs a hat - but that 's neither here nor there . When Crichton tries to convince the reader that there really are energy fields that surround bodies and you have passed your hands over tens of thousands of patients as I have and never felt a thing - well , it 's hard to respect anything else this guy says . So , call me a skeptic . -LRB- Wait , I know , I was n't holding a crystal . That must be it . -RRB- Crichton is a decent writer and quite imaginative in his novels and I frankly do n't know and do n't care if some of this `` autobiography '' is made up or not . But the obsession with self wore thin after a while and when an author spends much more time discussing how other people thought his feet looked funny after his blisters healed than on the experience of being atop Kilamanjaro - well , just know what you are getting in to before you read.Due to the occult subject matter , generally whiny tone , and the author 's disdain for most others and certainly any mundane person or belief , I can only give this book 2 stars . But it was interesting , in a voyeuristic way .
 I thought the Travel parts of this book were extremely entertaining to read . I was enjoying it up until Crichton got into the stuff about entities attached to his body and his obsession with cosmic stuff . Also the severe lack of Dinosaurs has been noted .
 In this series of autobiographical essays , Crichton comes off as self-absorbed , selfish , emotionally immature and alarmingly credulous about paranormal phenomena . If you enjoy Crichton , give this book a wide berth ; it will reveal your hero 's feet of clay
 I doubt this would have been published if Crichton were n't Crichton . Just a hodge-podge of stuff - medical school , a few good travel essays , a lot of paranormal stuff - energy balancing , auras , channeling , etc. etc. . I see a lot of readers loved it , but I thought it was a waste of time .
 If I had read this book by Chrichton first , I never would have read any of his other works . The book itself is not too bad , the writing is jerky at times , however , my main problem with it is his overall attitude and personality . Chrichton reveals himself to be a very arrogant and snotty person through this book . He does n't travel to these exotic locations because he has any interest in them , he only goes there because it 's not easily accessible to other people . If the `` average '' person ca n't go there , he does just because he can . Another way he shows that he thinks he is better than everyone is at one point in the book he describes meeting some African women and while he is sitting there talking to them he mentions that he had a hard time seeing them as people . To him they were no different than animals . Then he just moved on to his next adventure . He cared nothing for the places or people ; he came , he saw , on to the next place . He also shows his arrogance by ignoring the recommendations of people experienced in activities he does or places he 's visiting . Someone would say to him `` You ca n't do that and this is why . '' and he would just either ignore them or argue with them believing he could do anything only to find out he was wrong and it was always a shock to him.After a while , I just got tired of his vague , negative descriptions of the places he 's been -LRB- he seemd to have all these high hopes for each place and was never satisfied when reality hit -RRB- and the way something truly terrifying happened to him everytime he went some where new . This book is far from his best and has actually turned me off reading him ever again .
 I have read a lot of Michael Crichton and thought it intelligent and interesting . After just finishing `` Travels '' this afternoon , I have to admit that I hated it . I know that this book was about his inner and outer travels in life in which he reaches self discovery , but in reality it is one of the most self obsessed books I have ever read . He whines and complains and tries to find excuses for his bad behavior and his inability to have a meaningful relationship . Instead of looking at the international travel -LRB- as little as he actually talks about it -RRB- as a great opportunity to learn about other cultures for who they are , he is continually belittling and condescending . His only real self discovery is when he turns to self help and psychics so he can talk about how wonderful he is and how misunderstood he is . For all his money and experiences he could have had the same attitude anywhere , one of ego centered self indulgences . Nice try but highly frustrating and diary-ish . He should have kept this one to himself .
 Crichton is a pretty good fiction author , but this autobiography left me quite unimpressed . It starts out OK - his days in medical school - and there are some good sections when he is travelling the world , but the stuff at the end about auras and the possibility -LRB- or liklihood if you believe Crichton -RRB- that para-psychology is real made me lose a lot of respect for the guy . OK , I can buy into the fact that there are levels of subconsciousness , but I ca n't buy into the spoon bending , psychic readings , or the seeing of auras , etc. . James Randi is a famous skeptic who has offered $ 1 million for anyone who can show that any aspect of telepathy , etc. , is real , and he has had no one walk away with the money.How much money do you think Crichton paid for his `` conferences '' in the desert ? Or his readings with psychics ? Please . This was a very wealthy guy who got hoodwinked by a lot of different people over the years . The problem with the book is that he claims to be of a very scientific mind , yet he never discovers the man behind the curtain . He wants all of his observations to be true , so of course , they are true.I really think he spent too much time in L.A.Also , he claims that most illnesses are brought on by the individual and that much of western medicine is a crock . However , he died of cancer at a fairly young age . Where were his crystals when he needed them ?
 I will admit immediately that my biggest complaint about the book is that it was not what I expected . I have come to like Michael Crichton 's writings with their intelligent plots , vivid characters and unexpected devlopments . `` Travels '' had some unexpected developments that I did not like.The book started off as a documentary of his life of , logically traveling . He explained how he was attracted to exploration and why it was important to him by giving several chapters of background . He retold his adventures into jungles , deserts and cities with the precision and detail you would expect with a philosophical perspective that gave the book greater depth.However , just as the book started developing well , he transitions into solely mystical travel and tells the story of his transition from something of an agnostic to a mysticist , complete with talking with the dead , visualizing auras and bending spoons . It became very dull and overly introspective and I had great difficulty reading through the last few chapters.It was well written and interesting for most of the book , but do n't expect you be amazed as you would with any other Crichton book .
 This book was rather disappointing . Crichton comes across as pompous . As I read it I felt insulted that he needed to overexplain every insight to his readers . He went on some interesting trips , but I could n't help thinking someone else would have described the experiences much better .
 I read this book in college after I had read a few of his books , mostly because every other day a new movie was being adapted from them , so I thought I might give them a try . Crichton is an entertaining storyteller , much like John Grisham , but after a while the plots begin to feel formulaic and contrived , which is why I stopped reading them altogether . Fifty years from now people will say , Michael Who?I initially read this book because as the time I was considering a career in medicine , and I noticed that Crichton wrote about some of his medical school experiences.What I got was a series of ` travels ' by a guy who had too much time and money on his hands , and although intellectually gifted , obviously emotionally immature . No wonder the guy has been married so many times . I especially was put off by the line where he talks about one of his marriages and said that it was falling apart because one of them wanted children and the other did not . He never says who it was that did n't want children , but it is n't difficult to figure out that he is the one who did n't want any kids getting in his way -LRB- but he did n't have the guts to admit that it was him -RRB- . Who knows , they may have prevented him from going on one of his overindulgent self-discovery voyages to some exotic place.I 'm all for visting interesting places and learning about other cultures , but Crichton does it with such a smug and hedonistic tone that I find his attitude insufferable . Then , when you wonder if his self-righteousness could get any worse , he gives his readers -LRB- whom he must consider to be uneducated rabble who are n't so fortunate as to travel all over the world -RRB- a laundry list of tips on how to get through life . Gee , thanks , dad .
 I was amazed that in this day and age , a well known author can describe an African woman as an `` animal '' and SouthEast Asian child as a `` mongrel '' . Mind boggling ! ... The author includes a story to a southeastern brothel where children are the prostitutes . As a reader you are shocked at him and his friends , actually checking out the kids in room after room . Somehow Crichton decides it is not for him and opts out.I am thinking , Did you really have to go into the brothel where children are prostituted to find that one out?Sick ... Washington Post calls this crap `` entertaining '' ! They must have been thinking about the dinosaur book .
 I love international travel and thought that I was buying a travel memoir that would inspire new ideas for my travels . Instead , I found this book to be frustrating , annoying , irritating , and almost unbearable to finish . I have lost all respect for Michael Crichton . During the 10 % of this book that actually covered international travel expeditions , I found him to be a whiney , cry-baby . He had no backbone , complained about EVERYTHING , and found no joy in the simple things in life . He certainly did n't find the `` growth '' that he claimed . Beyond that , the other 90 % of the book covered his strange fascination with auras , spoonbending , etc. . It was just weird . Not a travel memoir by ANY means . If you seek to read this book because you 've got the travel bug and are looking for inspiration ... look elsewhere . This book should NOT be in the travel memoir section of the bookstore . I want my money back !!!
 I am truly surprised so many people loved this book . I bought it as soon as I saw it because I was a huge Michael Crichton fan . Big mistake . He shows himself as selfish , whiny , immature , and self-absorbed . I will have a hard time reading another one of his books with such a horrible image of him .
 It took me 1 month to finish reading this book . It was a disappointment compared to his other novels . It 's a waste of money and time .
 There are adventures throughout the world . If you can write well , you can share those adventures with others.Michael Crichton can write well -LRB- with the clear exception of State of Fear -RRB- , and he shares his adventures , his `` travels . '' These travels are his travels through medical school , in search of adventure in out-of-the-way places , and his search for `` the power of the mind '' -LSB- my words , not his -RSB- . Two sections bother me a lot . One is his search for that `` power of the mind '' ... for example , bending spoons with the power of thought . Although he keeps claiming that his science background keeps him on the straight and narrow , after bending his own spoon he says `` great ! No need to search for any explanation . '' The travel analogy would be , what ? You suddenly appear in China , and the path to get there is not important.Strike one.As Crichton hangs around with `` friends '' interested in pursuing sex with children in Thailand , he states he is not interested , but `` boys will be boys '' -LSB- again , my words -RSB- . Strike two.And I 'm sorry ... State of Fear?Strike three.Michael Crichton , you are out !
 A good friend of mine insisted I 'd read this book , because she knows I love exploring the spiritual aspects of life.In the end I was very disappointed . Not in the writing or the exploration aspects of the book , but Michael Crichton 's whole attitude . He would spend a chapter sharing his learnings and his eye opening experiences , only to revert back to his arrogant , narrow-minded attitude once again for the next chapter . How can anyone claim they 've learned anything in life when nothing they learn from it seems to sink in?Sadly , this book left me with a very bad taste in my mouth . I have no desire to read any more of his books .
 The book starts off strong with interesting accounts of his medical school experiences , but after a while , the story becomes more of a sales pitch for meditation and other new age mumbo jumbo . By the end , Crichton looks like a total kook rather than the `` Harvard trained physcian '' that he uses to advertise himself . If you really want to read about `` Travels , '' pick up a copy of Tony Horwitz , Bill Bryson , or writers who actually know how tell a story .
 We were very disappointed as the book arrived very wet . It was December during the time that we had a month of heavy rain . It was packaged in a paper envelope and it was soaked when we opened the packaging so when it finally dried after several days , it was in terrible shape . The pages were wrinkly , some of the ink ran and it had a smell to it ! And it was a Christmas gift so it was very disappointing!A suggestion would be that in the winter when weather conditions are wet that the book be put into a plastic bag before wrapped in the paper packaging .
 First , why this book merits the stars it does get : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The Bibliography is excellent , and is highly recommended as a great source for further reading ideas . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The author has the good sense to have recognized a good idea and to have tried to work with it in his own church and to point others to it . For this alone , Doherty is to be commended.Now , why it only gets two stars : This book is a surface-level introduction to the topic at best . It excels in stating the obvious , and then in regurgitating others ' ideas . When the author does attempt a truly original observation , he fails to develop it.Contra the previous reviewer , I do n't see the practical suggestions . Telling us the obvious truth that we need to develop programs of relevance to the surrounding community is NOT a practical suggestion -- it is an annoyance in this case because it is scarcely followed with even an example from his OWN ministry , much less an actual plan . I do n't doubt that he knows what he 's talking about -LRB- and I 'd bet his dissertation really might be good -RRB- , but it 's just not here.The basic ideas are found in earlier -LRB- and better -RRB- works , especially by George Hunter and Ian Bradley , whose books are light years ahead of this one in quality . OK , there 's another reason for the presence of some stars
 The book had gotten me very interested to keep reading , but I did not like the eanding or who was doing the murdering . It should have been a little more interesting as far as the characters .
 Could n't really finish this book , real weird , sort of cop / alcoholic single parent novel , more than horror . sort of seemed like a bad episode of Dexter ... Kind of violent towards the main boy to , which was not pleasant . Surprised this has such a good rating , not up their with The Store , or even THe Resort from BL . WOuld n't recommend .
 I have a VERY hard time believing that many parts of this `` memoir '' are true . I am sure he had a rough time and was from a rough neighborhood but the book is littered with Christian speak and rings really inauthentic and manipulative to say the least . Nicky Cruz would have us believe that a minister came in to the ghetto and brought the heads of every gang to their knees in prayer on the street after preaching for just a few minutes , then somehow gets EVERY gang memeber in Brooklyn to attend a tent revival . Where are the people from The Smoking Gun , It smells like some major embellishing to me . Not to mention the writing style is dated and pretty sophomoric . There are alot of typos and grammatical errors and it pretty much feels like it 's been written by someone who writes for The Watch Tower magazine.Hey I 'm all for a good redemption story but this one just feels like propaganda , if you want to read a good gang redemption story , read a book called Monster .
 There was a lot of opportunity by the authors of this book - Nicky Cruz and his partner - to reach out and touch some of the thousands of troubled gang members in this country . Indeed , the chance was there for Cruz to show these lost kids what God 's love is truly all about and how they can find salvation through acceptance . But instead , Cruz - apparently under the influence of Pentecostal Brainwashing - goes in a tirade of nonsense such as speaking in tongues -LRB- purely theater -RRB- and a host of holier than thou condemnation tactics - and in the process loses many kids that would have otherwise been found . I do n't fault Cruz for his ministries , he is trying in his own way - but if he would leave the snake handling alone , he would reach a lot more lost souls .
 I was really looking forward to the continuation of Ayla 's story , but this was more like a broken record repeat of it . This is the most repetitive book I 've ever encountered . It made me wonder if the author was to be paid by the word ! Really , it was sad - and annoying - how much of the book was wasted on retelling the previous 4 books . Then there were the constant repetitions of Ayla 's `` formal greetings '' and the overly detailed and rather crudely written sex scenes that had me thinking it might be more fun to go sandpaper my brain . The story did n't progress much for all the hours it took to listen to it . I do n't recommend it unless you just want to hear a voice going on and on and on about nothing much at all .
 I 'm going to make this short and sweet . What a disappointment . I also waited with much anticipation for this book and was so upset I almost but a match to it . The ending left me wanting to throw it out the window . I loved all the previous books but like other reviewers I found myself skipping page after page searching for some `` action '' . I 'm hoping the next one will be better . Usually I buy the hard copy . I may wait and get it from the library .
 I loved all four of the first books in this series and could n't wait for this one . However , it is very much a repeat of everything that happened in the preceding four books in the series about the cro-Magnon woman -- Ayla continually dazzles Jondalar 's family with her ability to start fires with flint , domesticate wild animals , hunt better than the men in the tribe , etc. in the hopes that her amazing abilities will help them accept her as one of them . With nothing new to add to the series , this one was not worth the time it took to finish reading .
 I have read every book in the series , and despite the fact I was not thrilled with the 4th book , I was excited to see the 5th one had come out . Unfortunately , as far as the series go , I feel the first one was wonderful , the second ok , the third excellent , and the fourth and fifth nothing to write home about . Auel needs to get herself a good editor to tighten up her work . There is a good novel in here somewhere , she just needs some help to find it . She also needs to remember that what made the first book so special is that Ayla was human . She 's become such a superwoman I sometimes just find myself shaking my head.I 'll read the 6th one when it comes out , it is as if I ca n't help myself . But here 's to hoping Auel recovers the magic she seems to have lost .
 If `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' was as mediocre as this book , its likely that the series would have ended right there . `` Clan '' was an excellent book -- and the others in the series were also very good -- but this book is very lacking in drama and repetitious to the point of boredom . The detailed research , which was skillfully woven into the story in earlier books and gave life and dimension to the characters and events , appeared in this book as lengthy descriptions which interrupted the story . As an Auel fan , I 've eagerly read all of the previous books in this series , and was hoping that the negative reviews on `` Shelters '' were exaggerated . Sad to say , they 're not . The only positive thing about this book is that Auel fans will have a chance to re-enter Ayla 's world again after a long wait . I 'm hoping that the next book will be better ...
 What a disappointment ! Be prepared to skip not just pages but whole chapters ! In fact , do yourself a favor and skip the whole thing !! This entire book can be read in minutes , I brought it on a plane trip and was so cheesed off that I wasted the valuable space in my carry on . I mean , nothing ever happens in this entire book -- its boring -- all character development has been arrested -- why does the reader have to be subjected to every inane , sophmoric thought that goes through these characters minds ? Why was this book even printed ? Did Jean Auel get tired of her characters ? Geez-o-man , I hope these reviews save at least one person from being bored beyond belief . Whatever happens , Do n't buy this book !!!!!
 I do n't know what happened , but his book was a sore disappointment . I waited excitedly for this book to come out . When I was done all I could say was that I would not recommend it to others . The story was weak . She described everything to death and forgot to tell a good story .
 I personally do n't see what 's so different about this book from The Mammoth Hunters or The Plains of Passage . When all is said and done , there will only be three important books in this series
 Having been a faithful reader of the first 4 books , Shelters of Stone was eagerly anticipated for 11 + years . What a let-down ! It is if someone else wrote this book . The repetition of descriptions of places or encounters that the characters have is annoying , to say the least . Jean Auel never wrote like this in the first 4 books . Ayla can rethink a thought or conversation for two or three pages . It is if the `` author '' is trying way too hard to educate the reader or make the situations in the book more true through repetition . Or the publisher , like a teacher , said this had to be so many pages long and the writer went back and repeated and rehashed each scene in the book . One of the most irritating books I 've read in a long time . If you liked the first 4 books of the Earth Children series I would NOT recommend this book . It is a great disappointment .
 Sorry Jean , but like many other Ayla fans , I have absolutely longed for this book , and now I wish I had waited for the paperback.When `` Plains of Passage '' ended , Ayla & Jondalar have journeyed through an array of fascinating adventures , and have at last arrived at Jondalar 's home cave , pregnant , ready to be mated . `` Shelters ... '' tells the story of their next 8 months , a tale that would have taken a couple of chapters in any of the preceding books , in an agonizing 749 pages ... I skimmed and skimmed looking for a spark of Ms. Auel 's altogether absent inventiveness and storytelling skill . No pathos , no finely drawn protagonist , no interesting new adversary . If she had wanted to add another few pages , perhaps Ms. Auel could have quoted her Song of the Mother ONE MORE TIME ? I 'm disappointed that JA would cheat her fans ... I gladly paid for the book , but the story I expected was missing .
 Most other reviewers have mentioned the repetitive nature of the novel , so I wo n't cover that . Suffice to say that I have given up looking for plot or characterization -LRB- or even references to the Cave Lion -RRB- in the `` Earth 's Children '' series , and am now only skimming it for the unwitting humor . Jondalar 's ex-girlfriend is jealous because she does n't have a hunk or a baby like Ayla . :-LRB- So she dresses Ayla up in a boy 's winter underwear . Hee hee ! But Ayla decides to wear it anyway , to shame the jealous ex , and another woman thinks , `` I would n't want Ayla mad at me ! '' Word , sister , neither would I. Ayla is -LRB- shiver -RRB- so scary when she 's angry ! And then there were the names . One male character is called Bologan . I wondered if his wife was Pastrama . The height of insult is to tell a woman she 's fat ; just like in a modern society , everyone gasps when they hear that . It 's a hoot from beginning to end , which is when Jonayla -LRB- I suppose a baby boy would have been named Ayladar -RRB- makes an appearance . What will Marona do for an encore , Jean - tip a bucket of red dye over Ayla 's beautiful new dress ? And will Wolf have a cute baby just like Ayla and Whinney did ? Oh well , I guess I can wait for the next `` Harlequin Prehistorical '' . Especially if it 's this amusing .
 I can not believe , after 12 years of `` research '' , this is the best Ms. Auel can come up with . The tediousness of the cave life -LRB- yes , yes , you wake up and pass your water , but do I need to read about it several times throughout the book ? -RRB- , the ad nauseum introductions , the one-dimensional characters ... I was beyond frustrated ! I think ice age cave life was well covered in her previous books and was looking forward to seeing the story advance and bring closure to many of the visions and dreams Ayla has had throughout the previous books . Even now , Ms. Auel has let 5 years elapse since this was released and I ca n't help but wonder if we will ever see the dramatic conclusion alluded to in previous books . She does n't need more research , she needs to finish !
 Finally , I finished the book . This book is too long , with too little content . You feel you are reading the same paragraphs over and over until you have it memorized verbatim . There is n't an engaging story . Basically it 's about Ayla getting introduced to Jondalar 's people and travelling to the Summer Camp -LRB- similar to the story in The Mammoth Hunters -RRB- and having her baby . I was waiting for something interesting to happen in the book , but it never materialized .
 Was disappointed in the book . Too much repetition . Was n't it Hemingway who advised not to use a paragraph when a sentence would do ? And , to use short sentences . Had Ms Auel followed his advice the book would have been half as long and , maybe , a much better read . I found her last four books better than this one . Hopefully the next -LRB- last ? -RRB- one will be better .
 I noticed a lot of reviewers complained about the repetition , and that was defended as `` filling us in on the first four novels of the series '' . That does n't hold water , since there was SO MUCH repetition within this book . The justification just does n't make sense since so much was repeated in this book . That is hard to accept since we see so much of the same things said over and over again within this same , 5th novel . And on it goes , but often with the exact same words instead of different ways of saying the same thing.Hence , it was a tiresome read , but at least I finished it . I know my husband could n't even manage to do that.Ayla and Jondalar continue to have * amazing * sex , which we get to read about . They have their baby , and Ayla continues to insist that the man is responsible for `` starting '' the baby . Too bad - it would have been nice to maintain the Goddess as the important Creator . : - -RRB- Wolf was a nice critter to have around , and I did worry when he was injured and was relieved when he recovered . I 'd like to have seen more of the people domesticate their animals , including horses or at least consider it . The Awe with which the derned things were constantly greeted by newcomers got pretty tiresome.Ah well . I knew what it was when I bought it so I guess I should n't try to hold it to too high of a standard . : - -RRB-
 I have every book in the Earth 's Children series & looked forward to reading book 5 . Unfortunately , I 'm not even half way thru the book and feel like putting it aside . It 's repetitious in ways that are beyond boring such as the greetings done with Ayla . We get the idea after the first greeting . It seems as though the author was n't quite sure what to put in this book but felt it was necessary to put a book 5 out there because her readers were eager for it . Next time , wait until there is something to write . The readers will wait eagerly ! But this makes me wonder if the next book is also going to be boring .
 Why did n't Ayla react to the revelation that Jondalar 's Elan -LRB- clan ? -RRB- is the tail of an ermine and that he has always liked the white tails with the little black tips ? It just happens to be the very same thing that she used to decorate the white tunic she made for him . Remember when she was floored that she was going to be adopted into the Lion Hearth of the Lion Camp ? Also that Jondalar has also been choosen by the Cave Lion , and has scars like her too?Speaking of the Cave Lion , Ayla appears to have forgotten him in this book , she hardly ever `` prays '' to it anymore.And why does Jondalar now get very upset around a dead body?He wase n't so neverous around Rydag or the two Sungaea children or Jetamio or Attaroa.Mabey Jean was so busy re-re-re-writing the Mother 's Song that she did n't notice there few laps of the plot .
 After reading the first 700 pages , I gave up any hopes of encountering a plot . Simply nothing of consequence happens in this book . Ayla encountered a few people who grumbled about her association with the clan , but these were easily dismissed by the rest of the people of her cave . If anything , Ayla was too easily accepted , leaving her no challenges to overcome . Even the detailing of stone-age life , which was a favourite aspect of the previous books , was lacking here . So , for most of the book , we just get passages from a terrible poem interspersed with Jondalar 's proclamations of love .
 I eagerly read the first four books of the Earth 's Children series after my mother was done with them and even lent out Clan of the Cave Bear to my grandfather who is interested in prehistoric people . When he asked about further books in the series , we had to explain that they were about Ayla and not about prehistoric people.After 12 years , I was thrilled to hear that the fifth book was out , hoping that there would be an interesting plot when Ayla met the flathead-hating Zelandonii and some ghosts from Jondalar 's past.Well , for the most part Jondalar 's immediate family accepts the whole `` flatheads-are-human-too '' only minutes after hearing of Thonolan 's death -LRB- which was quickly glossed over by some crying and then was all right as soon as Ayla demonstrated her `` firestone '' -RRB- and most Zelandonii are at least open to the idea of flatheads = humans . There are a few dissenters , but the `` meetings '' that the people would have over flatheads seemed a little bureaucratic for a hunter-gatherer society.Marona 's trick on Ayla seemed awfully contrived and I wonder if Auel asked a ten-year-old for advice on that setup . Like other reviewers , I also did n't like the concept of `` trailer-trash '' in a prehistoric setting . Brukeval and Zelandoni were fairly well-developed as characters and I sincerely hope that there will be more conflict with the former in the next novel -LRB- ie . Wolf kills Brukeval defending Ayla and the tribe calls for her banishment and Jondalar has to choose , etc. . . -RRB- but I doubt that will happen . As for Zelandoni and her obesity , most non-industrialized societies respect a woman with meat on her bones and so I was rather confused as to why `` fat '' was a pejorative term in this novel . Also , why is Ayla the only person across a continent and half who can fish with her bare hands when there 's a dozen old timers around here who can smack walleye out of the river?And of course , Ayla has her baby with the cutsey name of Jonayla . Iza , Uba , Nezzie , Durc-ina ANYTHING other than a combination of their two names ! Jonayla has a very small part in the novel other than being nursed a few times . Granted , she 's a baby , but there was so much leading up to her birth . Do n't get me started on Whinney 's filly Gray -LRB- Cloud ? Smoke ? Mist ? -RRB- Please , Mrs. Auel , give Ayla a fault or have her make a life-threatening mistake or at least tension-building -LRB- argue w / Marthona over parenting or dinner , just do n't feel like having sex with Jondalar , become allergic to wolves , something ! -RRB- There was so much potential in this novel that you did not take advantage of!Actually , there are two things that bother me more than anything and they are n't in this novel , it 's what they portend for the sixth . Willamar -LRB- was n't he Willomar in 2-4 ? -RRB- promises to take Ayla to the Great Waters to see dolphins -- meaning she 'll be able to `` talk '' to them and go swimming with them and proclaimed a goddess by the locals . The other is that there is some evidence now that some prehistoric people from France managed to find their way to N. America by hunting seals along the ice cap . I am terrified that Auel has heard about this and now Ayla will be the first person and goddess of the Americas as well.Ayla 's already taken Eurasia by storm ... now there 's a possibility that she may come here as well ...
 The `` Earth 's Children '' -LRB- tm -RRB- series has been a guilty pleasure with me since its inception , so I was glad to see that Jean M. Auel was going to continue it after so long a hiatus . Unfortunately the latest volume is a disappointment -- hardly worth waiting 12 years for . The one good thing I can say about it is that Ms. Auel had done her research , but as far as story goes , there is n't one . The first 500 pages read like a travelogue , with extended descriptions of the geography and other aspects of the setting . The only action is umpteen scenes of Ayla demonstrating her firestones , or Jondalar demonstrating his spear thrower , or one or the other of them relating the adventures from previous books . I was thankful for a little of this as I had not read the former volumes for a couple of years , but it went on far too long . Most of the new characters were charming and bland ; the antagonists were mean and bland and incredibly under-used . There is little sense of conflict and none whatever of a cohesive plot . Things get a little more interesting in the last third of the novel -- at least I did n't find myself blipping over large portions of it in a vain search for something interesting , as I did for the first two thirds -- but events still seemed random and pointless . _ Shelters of Stone _ may be accurate in its depiction of a year in the life of Cro Magnon woman , but it does n't offer anything that makes an absorbing story . It rather seemed like a chunk of material that had to be gotten out of the way before the next installment . Why that chunk had to go on and on for over 700 pages is unclear to me . If you have n't read this one yet , do n't waste your time ; there 's nothing necessary here to the next book . If you feel you must read it , get it out of the library .
 After waiting so long for the next book , this was rather disappointing . The slide into tedium actually started in Valley of the Horses but at least that had two story lines going for a while and an interesting romance . The Mammoth Hunters was more interesting with Ayla finding her first group of Others -LRB- although the many and extreme `` misunderstandings '' between Ayla and Jondalar were rather unrealistic -RRB- . But reading Plains of Passage at times felt like reading a `` how to live in the Ice Age '' textbook , the only thing I could hope was that the next book would have less research and a better plot . Unfortunately , Ms. Auel is so enamored with her own research -LRB- which she obviously spent lots and lots of time on -RRB- she wants to put every bit of it on paper . I 'm not quite through with the book yet since it has become more laborious than enjoyable , however , I must ask , is this book trying to impress its readers or the many archaeologists and PhDs that Ms. Auel has become so friendly with during her years and years of research?Even without the overbearing manifestation of all that research , the story is extremely slow . How many times do we need to see Ayla introduce Wolf ?? Or hear about how extremely beautiful Ayla is . Get to the point already.Another thing , the storyline does not hang together in regard to the Others considering flatheads as animals . How could these obviously intelligent Others particularly the Zelandonii really think of the Clan as animals and yet have at least two of `` mixed spirits '' in their midst and not think much of it . How would you react to , say , a half human half chimpanzee in your neighborhood ?? There are a number of examples of contradiction in regard to this outlook in the story.Most importantly , where are the Neanderthals ??? That was the hook . That was what was so extremely interesting about Clan of the Cave Bears -LRB- which is still one of my all-time favorite stories -RRB- . These Zelandonii are very advanced for 35,000 years ago , living not all that much different than the way the American Indians , Native Hawaiians or Australian Aborigines lived just 250 years ago . The Neanderthals , now that was different and very interesting .
 It is with a heavy heart that I declare my disappointment with this book . There was so much promise , and instead it is mostly boring , befuddled and bare of plot.It is apparent that Jean M. Auel 's interest in the research behind the book overcame any desire to tell a decent story . The majority of the book merely exists to take us on a tour around the Dordogne region , and to look at the major artefacts found . Jondalar and Ayla are simply there as `` guides '' . This is why we do n't even get to the important aspects of the story - the matrimonial and birth - until the last quarter , and even then it seems rushed . I think it 's fair to say that most readers really only care about `` what happens next '' , and there 's precious little of that to be had.And it 's been mentioned in other reviews - the book is horrendously edited , with too much repetition and unnecessary characters . It also frustrates with the number of suggested plot lines that simply fade away with no follow up . There 's a great small novel lurking amongst these 750 + pages , but unfortunately it is smothered in banality.It 's a vast opportunity wasted . So many things could have happened . I waited 12 years , and I 'm just so sad that this is the result . I only hope the 6th book is better .
 I was very disappointed in this last installment . 2/3 of the book seemed to span a total of 2 months and then in the last 2 chapters we rushed through 6 months of time . The character development was very poor and the humanity of the characters was missing . I would have rather spent my time re-reading Clan of the Cave Bear . It would have been a better story .
 First the good news
 If you want to explain to someone what a Mary Sue is , hand them this book . Ayla is a genius . She invents needles , the travois , and various healing techniques . She tames cave lions , wolves , and horses . She is a doctor , an animal trainer , and a priestess . The tribe 's high priestess thinks that she should become the most powerful spiritual leader of the tribe . Men everywhere think she 's beautiful . Everyone likes her . The only person who does n't like her is jealous because she is so beautiful , and that character later makes friends with Ayla after Ayla demonstrates how wonderful she is . Every single character in the book coos and sighs on how gorgeous , intelligent , and kind she is . At the start of the series Ayla was an interesting and somewhat well-developed character , but as the books keep coming she has become progressively more annoying . At this point it 's getting ridiculous . I have read hundreds of books in my lifetime , and in all my years of reading I do n't think I have ever seen a more annoying main character . At this point she has become so nauseating that I had trouble actually reading the story.This book deals with Jondalar 's return to his tribal homeland , and the way that he and Ayla settle in to what will become their home . It deals chiefly with the tribe 's reaction to Ayla and the way that Ayla reacts in turn . Several skeletons in Jondalar 's closet come to the surface , which I wo n't spoil for those who have n't read the book.The reason I did n't give this book one star is that Ms. Auel , to her credit , knows her stuff . She did an amazing amount of research for this book and it 's certainly informative if nothing else . She also has very interesting ideas on the culture , mores , and religious beliefs of Cro-Magnon people . Unfortunately she integrates this information without grace , and large chunks of the book are devoted either to random summaries of local flora and fauna or recaps of previous books . Sadly , the weakness of her characterization and her clunky dialogue overshadow her research and ideas . While this book did n't have the sheer number of hardcore sex scenes that the previous two did , the ones that are present still seem like they could be taken straight from the pages of a Danielle Steel novel . All in all it reads like the bastard child of a history textbook and a harlequin romance.This does n't mean that I hate Ms. Auel . Ms. Auel 's Clan of the Cave Bear is a truly innovative and mesmerizing work . It was a joy to read , and I give her the highest marks for her work . The second book , the Valley of Horses , is also good , and Ayla is not half so annoying without a posse to fawn all over her . The third book , The Mammoth Hunters , signals the start of a rapid decline in the series ... on the plus side , her euphemisms for various sex organs are hilarious .
 As a Jean Auel fan , I was very disappointed by this latest book in her Earth 's Children series , and I am frankly at a loss at how the same person who wrote the absorbing _ Clan of the Cave Bear _ and _ Valley of the Horses _ could also write this , and require twelve years to do so ! Despite the lengthy hiatus between stories in this series , the writing in _ Shelters _ actually seemed to be rushed , affecting important elements of the story.The Good : As in Auel 's other novels , _ The Shelters of Stone _ is clearly well-researched , and she makes a strong effort to describe the scenery as well as the animals and artifacts native to the time period . Despite the flaws , it was fun to return to Ayla 's world after 12 years . I was generally entertained by the book despite its 700 + page length.The Bad : Repetition
 I have read some duds in my day -LRB- basically everything Terry Goodkind has ever written -RRB- books that made me practically give up all hope that there is a single author/editor/publisher on earth dedicated to anything but mediocrity - but this . . this ... catalog of repetitive , slogging , meandering , sixth grade writing level piece of mammoth dung is one of the absolutely WORST books I have ever not finished.I could n't finish it , honestly - I just could n't - not after five hundred some odd pages of wanting to go directly to FRANCE and spray paint graffiti all over the cave walls that were Ms. Auel 's inspiration for this mess.Ayla - who will always be played by the great -LRB- NOT -RRB- actress Darryl Hannah in my mind is not actually just a Caucasian ancestor but Albert freaking Einstein , Super woman and a mythical god-dess of all that is holy and beautiful . I have never loathed a character so much . She is beautiful , has enormous breasts , is the greatest lay ever but is also the single most brilliant person of the era . Everyone is awed by her . She never makes a single mistake . She invents everything , tames animals , makes tea , heals , performs surgery , educates everyone , hunts like a man , is a perfect warrior and can make a hell of a meal out of SPAM . All while pregnant . Everyone else in the book is pathetically stupid and her boyfriend is a complete himbo - he might as well be in an ad for Calvin Klein underwear . All he does is grin knowingly.There are endless descriptions of the geology and plant-life of the era -LRB- like reading an Earth Science book -RRB- and this supposed genius research that Ms. Auel accomplished is stuff anyone with half a brain could figure out with no research at all . Plus she basically tells everyone at the beginning of the book that some of it is accurate but MOST is made up - so there ! Like it 's my book and I 'll make pre-history anything I want it to be.Yeah ok . The Earth 's Children geniuses have so much more going for them than people did in as recently as the 19th century . So what happened ? Everyone was all new-agey and women were equal to men in complete positions of power and then what - 25,000 years later women did n't even have the freaking vote . Ok , sure , makes sense to me.Anyway the rate at which these folks were creating art and items would have had them in computers and Lear jets in record time . So what the hell happened ? Everyone got really stupid?The characters are shallow , there is no plot , the book is filled with repetitive introductions , snippets from the other books and feats of amazing wonder that make Ayla out to be the freaking messiah and all of it is written like a guidebook for writers on HOW NOT TO WRITE.You could lose your sanity stumbling over paragraphs with sentences like : That sounded familiar to Ayla . She was n't sure why . She decided to make some tea . She dug around in her travel pack for some mint . She liked to bring tea to Jondalar in the morning.As well as conversations like the following that go on for entire CHAPTERS : `` I know what you are thinking . '' she teased Jondalar . `` What I am thinking is that with this new spear-thrower that I invented , only after you inspired me , we will be able to hunt much more efficiently and therefore be in less danger from charging bison . '' Jondalar grinned . `` That is right . Charging bison can be very frightening . Remember what the Mog-ur said ? '' Ayla reminded Jondalar . `` Yes I remember , but tell me again . '' `` The Mog-ur said that we should invent a weapon to not be trampled by bison because of his great fear of bison . He was a smart holy man , though I am not sure I know what that word smart or holy actually means , '' Ayla decided to make some tea while they continued to talk . `` Then we shall have to invent words for holy and smart Ayla , words like kamakakapoopoo and blerdge . '' `` I do n't like those words Jondalar , '' though she winked at him knowingly , `` Let 's just use smart and holy instead , you himbo . `` If anyone actually does read this kind of drivel and enjoy it please email me so I can say that I have at least been emailed by the most boring person alive.The fact that this woman has sold millions of books is a sad commentary on how uneducated most people are . I had never read any of the middle books after Clan of the Cave Bear -LRB- which I thought was at least mildly entertaining -RRB- and I picked this one up because I wanted a good thick beach read.Apparently the woman -LRB- Ms. Auel -RRB- is utterly senile -LRB- thus the repetitions -RRB- and ca n't even remember why she wrote this in the first place . Of course her agent and publisher I am sure gently reminded her - FOR THE FREAKING MONEY.Read this book ONLY if you want to have fantasies of throttling an old senile woman -LRB- the author -RRB- or if you have no wish to contribute anything useful to the universe on any level .
 I 've been waiting for the release of this book for almost 10 years . I started the series in high school , and books 1-3 quickly became some of my favorite books . The 4th book started to get repetitive and dragged a lot , and I was hoping that would n't be the case with this one . Unfortunately , that is the case . I was hoping for something along the lines of The Mammoth Hunters , but what I got was a stream of forgettable characters that were never very well-developed . Too many characters were introduced , for no good reason . I kept mixing up the two women whose names started with `` P '' , and the two men whose names started with `` B '' . And too many different caves to keep track of.It 's the same old story ... Ayla is perfect . People do n't trust or like her at first , she must prove herself by showing them her inventions and skills , then they love her and practically make a goddess out of her . Puhlease !!! I used to like Ayla , I really did , but I 've lost interest in her because she is no longer realistic at all . I mean , does she have any faults ? The only one I can think of is her inability to sing -LRB- which I find completely ridiculous , since she is able to mimic every animal known to man - why ca n't she mimic a good singing voice too ? -RRB- . Ayla is just TOO perfect . She is no longer human but a mockery , sort of like a child 's superhero . She needs to wind up on the losing side sometimes , needs to reveal SOME human foible ! The chick is starting to really annoy me . I 've actually started rooting for her antagonists . The story would be richer and more intersting if just for once , Ayla did n't become allied with the most powerful people in the tribe , the most skilled , the ones with the highest status . Why ca n't Wolf really kill someone ? -LRB- then she 'd have to suffer through guilt and be truly ostracized -RRB- Why ca n't she get truly ANGRY once in a while ? Like a real person?I was hoping this novel would answer a lot of lingering questions put forth in the first 4 books . I was sadly disappointed . There did n't seem to be much of a plot , other than Ayla meeting new people , the endless recitations of relationships and titles , Ayla showing everyone her inventions , etc. . Of course Ayla is going to be challenged , and of course she is going to overcome it fabulously . One thing I was surprised at , was the lack of Jondalar 's character in much of the story . His relationship with Ayla seemed to lose its steam.I admit that I used to like Auel 's descriptions of Pleistocene Europe , but endless descriptions of this valley , that stream and this rock outcrop got very tedious . I skipped over many paragraphs , and at time many pages , just to get to some action . I think Auel did a disservice to her longtime fans by bogging them down with too much description of the landscape , and too much repetition of Ayla 's exploits , of which we are already familiar ! -LRB- I mean , come on ! Hardly anyone is going to pick up this book , 5th in a series , without having read the other books ! -RRB- . I think this series has definitely run out of steam . I must admit that I 'm only halfway done with the book , but it 's all I can do to finish it , and this is coming from a person who has read and reread the first 3 books at least 4 times each !! It is a CHORE to finish this book . I keep hoping something interesting will happen , some questions about Ayla will be answered , but I am let down . The points in the story that are supposed to be important leave me feeling really ho-hum . Of course I 'll finish it , just because I 'm such a long-time fan of the series , but I almost wish that Ayla and Jondalar would 've settled down with the Sharamudoi and the series ended there . I ca n't imagine how the last book will be any better than this one . This book put me to sleep . It 's sad . It truly seems that Ms. Auel 's heart was not in this book .
 This has to be one of the worst books I 've ever read - and I love the first four books of the series . There is barely a plot - little to no character development and no conflict to drive the story . What 's worse is that she repeats herself constantly through the whole book its like reading the epic of gilgamesh . Ayla has sex then washes herself like Iza taught her . Five pages later she does it again and we are again told how Iza taught her to wash herself and that is repeated at least three other times . She spends the rest of the book - rehashing stories from the previous four - again - multiple times . And now that I am re-reading clan of the cave bear - I have found at least two passages that are repeated practically verbatim . When reading this book I felt like her editor was standing over her shoulder saying - hey Jean ! It 's been 10 years - you 've got to finish this story - and so - unwillingly ploped this down onto paper and submitted it . The plains of passage spent much of the time talking about how they were going to mate when they reached Jondalars home and how she was going to be so happy to have a baby and that 's pretty much all that happened in this book . The barest inkling of plots that showed up -LRB- the conflict between Clan and Others that Ayla will obviously have to mediate -RRB- was avoided entirely presumably put off for the next book and that 's too bad because this book could have used a story .
 I have read all the novels in this series and though I thought the previous one was tedious , it was still acceptable . I must part company with this one , though . It commits the unpardonable sin for literature
 Probably the worst book -LRB- romance novel -RRB- I 've ever read . I waited 753 pages for a story to develop but never found one . Ms. Auel wrote that Ayla married Jondolar and met his family . Ayla has `` mountainous breasts '' and Jondalor has an `` over-sized member '' -LRB- Aul 's words -RRB- but they `` fit together well '' . Having written that , Ms. Auel tries to re-write these words in as many ways as she can to fill space . Every other page is filled with the same litany of Ayla 's many titles as she meets , or re-meets , each character in the book . I never again want to hear about the daughter of the mammoth hearth , chosen by the spirit of the cave lion , protected by the spirit of the cave bear , formerly of the Mamutoi , accepted by the Zelondonii , etc. etc. ad nauseum . Her editors obviously did n't bother to do their jobs or we would n't have to hear the physical attributes of every character in the book repeated as though they had n't been described in detail two chapters earlier . This could have been a decent read like the prior books in the series if the filler was cut down by 90 % and if it had led into an actual story of the Clan meeting up with the Zelondonii or any of the other subplots that show potential but are never developed . In the name of Mut , Great Mother of All , also known as Doni , the Great Earth Mother , I suggest you read something else .
 Yawnzzzz . It took me a month to read this book ... waiting for something to happen . It never did . Perhaps one should read it when stoned . Perhaps Ayla and company ate too many magic mushrooms and became too lethargic to actually do anything exciting.Like Zillions of other Auel fans , I waited 12 long years with breathless anticipation for this book , having thoroughly enjoyed the previous four . Thank goodness I did not pay the R260 for the hardcover . I eventually borrowed it from the library . Twelve years to write a book ? I 'm afraid it shows.I fully agree with Reader from Canada -LRB- April 2003 -RRB- and his critique . All the no-nos of writing a good novel . Says it in a nutshell . And like another reader mentioned , it was asif someone else had written the book . I just think Jean Auel got so wrapped up in her own life , and kinda lost interest in Ayla and her clan . It seems it was just re-hashed verbiage dashed off to fill out a book . It really was such a disappointment.What bored me was the continual references , ad nauseum , to the happenings in the other books . Told over and over to whoever asked . Surely Auel must have known that the zillions of fans have read her other books , and any newcomers would then also read the other books to catch up . We did n't have to be told things all over again and again . It was like a tired soap opera . I 'm not surprised that even Wolf got bored and ran away a few times ... Boring to have to read all the `` introductions '' of each person . That must have filled up the book by about at least . And Ayla 's general lack of interest in healing plants etc. . I wo n't even speak about the graphic sex scenes , which seemed to me asif the author thought , `` oh ok , it 's expected , we 'll drop a descriptive sex scene in here ... '' To me it did n't add to the book , it jarred in fact . If I want to read about sex , I 'll buy a suitable book.And sure , Auel 's research is phenomenal . She proved it in her last 4 books , but the research was introduced in such a manner that it all flowed , and was therefore readable and interesting . In this book , every time you were told `` something new '' , it was like being hit in the face with a wet fish . The research was obvious . Another no-no of good writing . Your research should not `` show '' , but `` flow '' and be part of the story.There was no plot , there was no drama . And there was so much potential !! I kept on waiting for and expecting a confrontation with the `` flatheads '' . Lots of potential for drama there , if it were more fully explored.Or with the resident breeds . A lot could have happened . How about Ayla going off in a huff , being driven off by unkind words or actions . Jondolar could have gone after her . There could have been drama between the people and the animals . I expected it , but nothing . Such wonderful acceptance ! So boring ! One almost wishes for another earthquake ... I am just sorry that this book did not come up to expectations . I still think Auel is a brilliant writer , when she puts her mind to it . There is another book in the pipeline ? Oh dear , after this one I 'm not sure if I want to read it now . What are the chances that it will be better than this one ? I will , however , re-read the first 4 books of the `` Earth 's Children '' series . Brilliant , especially Clan of the Cave Bear . The first 4 in the series are way better than anything else I 've read in the same genre . To the readers who actually LIKED this book , well , I suppose , `` different strokes for different folks . '' And to Jean Auel I say , `` You can do it again girl , just cut out all the psychobabble and get back to basics ! ''
 Do not waste your money on this piece of garbage.How many times are we going to see this formula ? Ayla meets strangers , who do n't trust her . Then they like her . Then they find out about the Clan and do n't trust her . Then they love her again . This book is nothing new . The entire thing is a rehash of the previous three -LRB- yes it was used in Clan of the Cavebear , so I should say previous four -RRB- ; Auel does n't even bother trying to come up with new ideas.The most interesting part , the birth of Ayla 's child , is taken care of so fast you almost miss it , and her attitude to the child is one of `` Oh is n't this nice ? '' No where NEAR the fierce love she had for Durc . It was totally unrealistic that a woman who had wanted another child for so long would be so unemotional about finally getting that child.And of course the tribe has their version of Broud , who immediately does n't like or trust Ayla . It 's the same character with a different outfit , and we 've seen him lots of times before . And the tribe is all a twitter about the animals . YES WE KNOW ALREADY !! The biggest disapppoint was the total lack of plot development . Except for having her child and tieing the knot with Dalamar , nothing new or exciting happens . -LRB- and those things are debatable as exciting anyway -RRB- . I wish Auel had taken another few years to at least find a plot for this one , because there is none . Nada . Zip.It 's not even worth the cost of driving to the library to check it out .
 OK -- here 's the entire plot
 In `` The Shelters of Stone , '' Auel continues a disappointing trend that initially surfaced in her second book , `` The Valley of Horses . '' Rather than playing to the strengths that we saw in `` The Clan of the Cave Bear , '' i.e. an original idea couched in some impressive research , she is now resting her entire series on her weakest points
 This is the culmination of the degeneration of a great idea and a great character -LRB- Ayla -RRB- . I read the entire Earth 's Children series last year , one after the other , and I did n't even make it halfway through this last one . It was utterly useless plot and boring self introductions . She should have just ended the series with them making it back to Jondalar 's home ... what a pity.I also did n't care for the last half of the series -LRB- starting with the last part of Valley of the Horses after Ayla met Jondalar -RRB- because it became disgustingly obvious that Auel was living out her sex fantasies through Ayla with Jondalar as her ideal man . This happens way too much , and makes me ashamed of women authors who otherwise have great epic historical fiction plots and ideas.Yes , sex a part of people 's lives in all times and places , but when it starts to absorb the plot and characters it just is n't fun to read anymore .
 I bought this book because I enjoyed all the others , to varying degrees -LRB- though I do n't really remember the fourth one at all -RRB- . And I have to admit this one has a not put downable quality to it in that you want to know what happens ! But nothing much does and there are so many repetitive passages that it made me wonder whether the book was edited at all . I think the Zelandoni attitude towards `` Pleasures '' is refreshing but I do n't think the sex scenes between Jondalar and Ayla add anything to the story .
 As a grandmother preparing for a spring break with my grandchildren , I purchased this audio book so they would have something to keep them busy on a long ride of over 9hrs , when we were playing it it came to a part that I thought would be a little kissing however it became X rated for children ... not knowing the author or reading any of Jean M Auel books before ... this is not for the ears of children 6yrs to 12yrs of age ... I on the other hand when my grandchildren went back home I finished the book ... all but the sexual parts that go into real detail ... would be great for kids ... . its to bad that this book goes into that much detail this book as is should not be recommended for children as it was when I looked children books . I bought this out of the Children section ... and it has now been removed out of the Children 's Section recommendation ...
 I fell asleep twice . This book should be used as a teaching aid on what NOT to write . There is absolute NOTHING happening . In my book , `` Alien Ice , '' I have more action in one paragraph than there is in this whole 15 hours of listening . I quit listening after 4 tapes because I kept falling asleep . Shame on Brilliance for publishing this book on tape , especially since it is unabridged .
 I was a great fan of the Authors previous books . I found all of them imaginative and the detail very interesting . I have to admit that The Plains of Passage became a little tedious at times , but the story line made it worth the while.In this installment however , the detail was tediously boring . I found myself skipping pages to try and get back to the story . But the story was merely a recounting of the previously explained history of Ayla and her skills . The characters are even so similar to previous books characters that the encounters are repetetive . The story that this book tells is almost non - existent . The characters are one dimensional . It could have been told better in two hundred pages.In other words , it was a big disappointment , a well written yawn .
 I waited over a year to get the audio cassette version of this book . I read the first four books when they came out orignally and loved them so much that I wanted my husband to hear them on audio cassette , as we have a long commute to work . He enjoyed them and understood when I was excited about the fifth in the series . Finally the long awaited day came when I had the audio book in my tape player and we settled in to listen to what very soon became a disappointing letdown . Not only do I agree with the rest of the reviews but I must add that the audio version has added another faux pau . Someone decided that the reader should give Ayla 's voice an accent . Yes , they are always going on and on about her foreign accent but in the other audio books she had regular speech and sounded no different from the rest of the Cromagnons . You could use your imagination to figure out how Clan people sounded . Now she sounds like Natasha -LRB- Boris and Natasha -RRB- and it is annoying and laughable . Sometimes the reader seems to forget the accent and speaks normally . Later the accent returns . Please !!! I am so sad that I can not love this book . I keep hoping Lorimar or Brakovar will kidnap her or do something to bring a little suspense ... what happened to Merona , Jondalar 's old lover who played the `` evil '' trick on her ? She might turn up later in the book but somehow I doubt it . I am grateful that halfway through the book we have only been subjected to one sex scene . This book is so boring , everyone is so nice and modern-thinking ! We are plodding through , out of loyalty on my part . I pray the next book in the series redeems itself .
 after re reading how fire is made , what seemed like a 1000 times I decided this was the most boring book ive read in a long time .
 Like so many other fans of the Earth 's Children series , I was disappointed in this installment . In my opinion , the book was about 500 pages too long . Too many words !! Get to the point Jean Auell . Where was the character development ? Where was the story of the people ? The dialog was totally unbelievable . In short it was an effort to finish the book , I only did so because I am an optimist , I kept hoping it would get better . Will I read the next book ? If it takes another 10 yrs . to get out I probably wo n't .
 I waited twelve years for this book , and I would have been less disappointed if it had not been written at all . It is entirely too lengthy and uses too many words to say too little . The description of how the `` spear thrower '' works is one example . What took half an hour to read could have been summed up in one page . The use of contemporary English does not fit the characters at all . I think I 'll pass on the next book in the series where Ayla visits the Pacific . What a disappointment .
 I have read the first 4 books in this series . I thought the Valley of the Horses was the best one . I bought the unabridges version of the Sherters of stone in cassette form . Jean Auel , in my opinion , wrote a very long book of descriptions of Ayla 's talents with healing , medicine and food . Al of which were explained in the other books.THERE WAS VERY LITTLE ACTION EVENTS IN THE WHOLE BOOK . It dragged on and on . The next time I buy a tape version I will get the abridged version . Maybe that will cut out all the stufff Jean told us in the first 5 books . Based on the other books , especially the first three books , I was extremely disappointed in this last book . I can honestly say I would not reccomend this book for others to waste their time on reading it.Fred Davis
 While I really liked the earlier books in this series , this latest installment is a big disappointment . I kept waiting for SOMETHING to happen , and it really never did . I think there were huge opportunities in the plot line , but it 's almost like Auel lost steam because she never pursued them . For instance , the whole book could have circulated around a dramatic meeting or conflict between the Others and the Clan , followed by understanding or resolution . Also , Ayla 's character did not `` ring true '' at the end ; she was uncharacteristically weak and fearful . Sorry to say , but we should skip this one , and keep the good memories from Clan of the Cave Bear .
 This is the book to read when you need to fall asleep . The excruciating detail will wear any reader down . I loved the series but felt the characters in this book had no personality . Ayla has become such a goody-goody with none of her previous fiery personality and Jondalar has none of the character he had in the previous books . The new characters introduced in the book are sadly lacking in development . Rather than buy Shelters of Stone , read Clan of the Cave Bear .
 I have been an avid fan of the Earth 's Children series since the beginning . After waiting 13 long years for the sequel to Plains of Passage , -LRB- which , in my opinion , started Auel 's lack of wonderful story telling that the three previous books had had -RRB- you can imagine my disappointment when yet again we have an incredibly long boring stale story . Most people who would read Shelters of Stone are familiar with the Earth 's Children series ; therefore , we do not need an entire book of rehashing the past 4 books . There were barely any new story lines and each page was racked with long drawn out personal histories of people that did n't really matter to the story as a whole . Auel could have gone soooo many places with this new book , when instead it 's just another narrative on how to skin a deer . Believe me , it pains me to not like this book because I really wanted to ... but Auel made it so hard to really get into and enjoy . I can only hope that the next installment of the series goes back to the beauty of the first 3 books . Although I probably wo n't be able to read it as well because I 'll be about 80 when it finally comes out .
 After waiting 12 years or more for this book I was very disappointed !!! The story is repetitive at times . Also , there is too much attention to detail . I think Ms. Auel spent too much time writing this book . I found myself skimming over the descriptions to get back to the story.Too many new character introductions , some of which have detailed story lines and then are never mentioned again.I have loved all of Jane Auel 's other books and hope that the next book in the Children of the Earth series is more like her other books.I usually abhor abridged books but think that in this case it might be a better choice.If you do not have the other books in the sereis borrow it from the library or from someone that already has it .
 I really loved the first 3 books in the series and liked the next 3 in the series , but felt the books were becoming too much formula plot lines . This book was such a disappointment ! She has so much to work with to create great drama and has seemed to instead repeat herself endlessly about the animals , the crafts , the history , geology , etc. . . Not to mention the laughable descriptions of the sexual eposides.This is a definate must miss .
 It is apparent Mrs. Auel wrote this book to cash in on the popularity of her first four Earth 's Children books . Much of the writing in `` Shelter 's of Stone '' seems to be copied from the other books . The descriptions of caves , clothes , tools , etc. are wordy and endless . The character 's are weak and if there is any plot , I ca n't find it . Auel uses 741 pages when she could have told the whole story in 25 . Save your money and do n't buy this one and you can be sure I will not waste my money or time on reading her sixth .
 I have read the other books in the series and waited anxiously for this one . This latest is so repetitive that I do n't really believe Jean Auel wrote it . An example is that the Mother 's Song is about three pages long and is repeated three times . When Ayla is introduced to members of Jondalar 's family , the lengthy formal introduction is repeated each time she meets a new member , and there are about two hundred members . It is not until about the last three chapters that the book picks up the pace and we begin to get a story line . Maybe this is where Jean began to write . The novel could be considerably condensed by tightening up the prose and eliminating the redundancy . Where was the editor ? I felt embarrassed for the author . I probably will read the final book , but I certainly hope it is an improvement .
 Ayla and Jondalar arrive at his people 's home , where some people are awed by the things they bring back while others are nervous and/or hostile.There , now you can save yourself the trouble of reading The Shelters of Stone . This book has nothing new to offer . The pages could have been recycled from the third and fourth volumes , changing people 's names and titles to fit . Ayla meets Jondalar 's people and goes through the same process of introduction and mutual discovery that she 's gone through with every society she 's encountered throughout her journey . As if we had n't been there when she raised her animals or discovered the firestones , here we 're subjected to those same tales as Ayla tells them to her new people - not once , not twice , but half a dozen times - and only one iteration is noticeably condensed from the others . At this point it would be perfectly acceptable for the author to say `` Ayla showed them the firestones and they all murmured in amazement , '' or something to that effect , but no , each time someone new comes along we get another three-page demonstration -LRB- and I wo n't even mention all the new people who have to be introduced to the horses and the wolf -RRB- . You can get through the first 400 pages without discovering anything of great interest . I recommend finding something better to do .
 ... because she could do everything else.I have read all of Auel 's Earth 's Children series and I have to say that is book was a disappointment.First off , the characters are all one-dimensional , boring and predictable . We all know that Ayala can do , say or wear anything and it 'll turn out to be `` right '' . Jondalar is such a wuss , lol . I mean , does he ever disagree with Ayala or get over his insecurities of every man desiring `` Ms. Perfect '' ? Another thing are the explicit sex pages . Ok , how many times to we have to know when Jondalar is going down on her ? Yes , yes ... feels great ; I love it too but there are so many times you can read about it before you start turning pages 3 at a time to skip over the taudry and tedious 3rd rate , quasi-porn . All and all this book was NOT her best . I 'm really wondering if Ayala will ever see her son , Durc again . Maybe Jean should concentrate on giving the readers what they want ! THat loose end needs to be tied !
 I read the other books of this series all in a day each ... this `` The Shelters of Stone '' has been at my night-stand for weeks and I am only half-way through it ... Mrs. Auel this time takes to long describing things , people and places , and the story itself never takes off ... a great disappointment after a 12-year wait .
 I enjoyed her previous books . This one is , if not the most , at least a serious contender for , the most boring book I have ever read . Thank God I 'm finished with it . What preserverance to complete it at all ! .
 About 1/4 of this book is well written . The rest -LSB- sticks -RSB- ! Yes it is that bad.I love the Earth Children series but I am not going to say this was a good book just to be a loyal fan . ... It has SO many inconsistancies , way too much repetition , and no plot what-so-ever . Do yourselves a favor , if you must read it , wait until you can get it a the library . Do n't waste you money .
 Like one of the other reviewers , I felt that I was led into expecting several conflicts between characters -LRB- which made the other books so interesting -RRB- , but the conflict fizzled out or was avoided every time . It is as if Ms. Auel deliberately avoided every conflict.Also , I felt that Ayla is being pushed into becoming a religious Zelandonii although she has made it clear that she wants a home and family with Jondalar instead.The original Ayla would refuse to be forced into such a mold . Remember the sling she taught herself to use when women of the clan never touched weapons.Remember how in every other place she met people , she told them the whole truth about her past -LRB- including her son , Durc -RRB- and then dealt with the conflict . This time she so badly wants to be accepted that she wo n't acknowledge her son.In the first four books , I felt there was an in-your-face integrity about Ayla . When she made mistakes , she dealt with the consequences . When people did n't like her because the Clan was her family , she did n't try to play it down . Although she was hurt , frustrated , and angry , she just went about her business and expected them to deal with their own feelings.Zoelena spends much of the book trying to trick or coerce Ayla into becoming more involved with the Zelandonii . She emphasizes how difficult it would be to be mated and raising a family while being a Zelandonii.Ayla is happily mated to Jondalar , finally , and expecting his baby . WHY would Ayla be tempted to give it up?It just does n't make sense . For 5 long books now , all Ayla has wanted is a family and to belong . WHY would she give the family up and place herself in such a strictly proscribed religious life?It is even obvious that Zoelena 's concerns are n't about helping Ayla grow . In the book it clearly states that Zoelena wants to control Ayla 's healing gift because it might cause some unnamed trouble to allow her to continue to heal without being a Zelandonnii.If Ms. Auel is true to Ayla 's original character , I do n't think she would make her become a Zelandonii because Ayla would fight against that unnecessary control.I also felt there was a lot of repetition of things like describing
 The only good thing I can say about this book is that I did n't have to buy it . It was a birthday gift from my sister . What a way to celebrate your 60th birthday . I eagerly awaited the 5th installment in the saga of Alya and Jondalar . Jean , you have insulted all of your devoted fans . Give us credit for having read the previous books and stop repeating yourself over and over and over again . Enough already . If you ca n't do any better than this , forget the 6th book . Sorry Sis , I wish I could get your money back .
 AFter waiting so long I felt cheated after reading this book which could have been summarized in one sentence . Ayla reaches final destination , mates , and has Jondalar 's baby . The rest of the book is totally plagarist from the other books in the series . All the events are exactly the same , just the names are changed . There was absolutely no new plots involved . What a shame .
 There was no character development in this book . The characters were either perfect beyond belief or just downright bad and lazy . The protaganists , Ayla and Jondalar , have become one dimensional and boring . The antagonists do n't actually create any conflict worth writing about . The book is unbearably repetitive , and the physical background descriptions were endless . Too much of the book spent time reiterating what had happened in previous books , I think unnecessarily . Or maybe I 've just matured in the past 12 years and expect more ... What a letdown .
 I had been looking forward to the next installment of this series for many years . The research is impecible.The description of the life-syle of the characters , their tools , hunting and gathering methods , ceremonies and rituals , the role of the shamans and the leaders , the hierarchy of the skilled craftsman and the incredible caves was accurate . The reader could relate to the place and time through the wonderful word pictures.The constant repetition of the various experiences throughout the book was mind numbing . A reader really can remember the description of how the horses were tamed , how the spear thrower was developed , etc. from Chapter 3 to Chapter 15 to Chapter 23 . There was too much redundancy.The sex really got boring . We know they were really physically attracted to each other , had great sexual compatibility and had sexual relations whenever they could . But was this really meant to be a ` romantic novel ' with endless , repetitive sex ? The 700 + page novel could have been cut to 400 pages .
 Jean Auel started out with an exciting story of Ayla , but threw the series , she slowly either lost interest or just forgot how to write . She is loosing her followers , who have watched Ayla grow . All hopes for Ayla to return someday , and find her son Derk are all but lost , as the books become more boring and seem to only fill pages with gibberish . The # 6 book in the series is not out yet , but I think I will read threw the pages before I buy it , to see if its worth the purchase .
 If you have to know how Ayla 's world turns out -LRB- Will she perform heart transplants ? Power Zelandonii civilization with cold fusion ? Tame a mammoth instead of eating it ? -RRB- then by all means read this book . And , I think if you are a fan of Romance Fiction , like Nora Roberts or Diana Galbadon -LRB- sp ? -RRB- , then you would probably enjoy it.If , however , you want a gritty exposition of the human ice age , forget about it . Or , read the book for amusement value . Otherwise , read Clan of the Cave Bear and stop there . That book managed to be a great piece of storytelling . Shelters of Stone is a tired piece of romance fiction from an author who is obviously tired of writing the series.Best thing I can say about it
 I recieved the book and appx half way through reading it I found that around 50 pages were missing ! evidently a factory mistake so evidently a factory second someone got on the cheap then passed it on to me !
 Having enjoyed Auel 's previous books and looked forward to the latest , my strongest feeling is that of having been conned ! If Ms Auel really did write -LRB- or compile -RRB- this book she has treated her readers with contempt , and her publishers have neglected their duty to us . Perhaps she was persuaded against her better judgement to squeeze out one more book , for this is what it feels like.Most readers will have read the previous books in the series and know them well , but Ayla and Jondalaar 's history is raked over again and again - a synopsis at the start may have told any new readers all that was necessary . If repeated flashbacks to this history , repetitions of the `` Mothers Song '' and extremely unsuccessful attempts to describe numerous painted caves -LRB- needs an illustrated non-fiction book - how about it Ms Auel , as you have obviously lost interest in the story line ? -RRB- were extracted from the volume , it would be half the length . Shame on your publishers for letting this go by.I should have appreciated more honest reviews from all and sundry , including Amazon , before the book appeared for sale , and feel let down by them as well . Perhaps more honest reviews are in order now .
 If you like trying to decipher a book with lots of typos , feel free to start with this one . On the other hand , if you want a proof read book , I would avoid the Kindle version of this book until Amazon gets around to creating an updated version . -LRB- An if that happens , I 'll try to remember to delete this review . -RRB- I attempted to report the errors to Amazon 's customer service , but the response dialog did n't work , twice . Since I ca n't tell Amazon where the errors are , I 'm listing the errors I highlighted in the book . Maybe someone at Amazon will read this review.The Shelters of Stone
 Clan of the Cave Bear is on my top 10 list of favorite books . I have read it and others in the series many times over the years , both in book form and on tape . Though the other 3 books were not as tightly written , they were entertaining and interesting . But not The Shelter of Stones . It is 700 + pages of nothing . It is a rehash of what happened in the past with no depth or creativity . Nothing new happened and even the old stories was told in a very shallow way.All the talk in the earlier books about how Jondalar 's kin felt flatheads were so abhorent - the supposed reason for Jondalar 's strong reaction in book 2 , and embarassment in book 3 . They get to his home cave and his kin just say , `` huh - there 're human ? Gee , that 's interesting . Thanks for telling us . We 'll have to think about it . `` I suppose the next book could actually have some plot to it . But I 'm not going to hold my breath . 700 + pages and we did n't even meet anyone from the Clan.I agree with the readers that disappointment does not even describe my feelings . If you are a fan of the series , you may want to skim through it just for continuity . There is always hope that the last book will be better . But I would n't put it high on my list of things to read . Re-reading the other books -LRB- which did over the last year -RRB- is much more enjoyable .
 I have been one of Ms. Auel 's addicted readers throughout her entire series . I fought my way through The Shelters of Stone for the first 275 pages and finally tossed it aside . Replay , Replay , Replay . I enjoyed the five page spread on the caves in France in one of the 2001 editions of National Geographic significantly more . 13 million copies printed of The shelters of Stone ! My copy got trashed . A great disappointment to this previous fan .
 Like many fans of the Earth 's Children series , I eagerly awaited the publication of Shelters of Stone , after being quite disappointed in Plains of Passage , on both first and second readings . I was hoping that Ms. Auel would once again hit the stride from the first three books , but , alas , while an improvement over Plains , Shelters is largely a description out in search of a story . It appears to be a pastich of large chunks of previous books for the two or three people out there who might not have read the first four , endless and tedious `` formal introductions '' that read like the Biblical `` begats , '' plus lots of her research materials and descriptions that she felt a deep need to share , lightly encased in a fairly forgetable boy gets girl , girl gets acceptance story . Lacking in the intricate interplay of characters of the earlier books , peopled with largely cardboard figures -LRB- Zolena/Zelandonii being something of an exception -RRB- , I must say I was disappointed . I may wait for the library or the paperback next time . You may want to as well , for this one .
 Jean Auel has written 5 books in this series . This one is the poorest . It drags , page after page , it drags . It is repetitious to the point where I skipped whole paragraphs . Much of it is re-hashes the previous books . The sex appears to be added as an afterthought to relieve the boredom . I kept hoping , but nothing ever happened that grabbed my attention . `` Valley of the Horses '' was fascinating , it sits in my bookcase and I 'll re-read every couple of years . Shelters of Stone I 'll donate to the local libary .
 I was totally dissapointed by this book . It lacked originality and adventure as the other previous 4 books provided . The 700 some odd pages of introductions and rehash of the other books was totally boring . I almost put the book aside , but kept reading expecting something interesting to happen , but did not .
 I 'm in agreement with everyone else . I was disappointed in SoS because of the long , detailed , repetious explaination of everything . One positive point . It did pickup speed towards the end which will perhaps make the sequel a better work . Good luck Jean !
 As I learned after reading it , this book was completed after the author 's death . It would have been kinder to leave it undone . The story just rambles on and on . And my chief complaint with the whole series is this
 I 'll admit to being one of those fans that read the first four books in this series 15 times a piece ! They were wonderful . But after waiting the twelve years it took Auel to write this fifth book , I was sorely disappointed.The style , the excitement and the herbalism i had grown to treasure in the other Ayla books were really lacking in this one . The rehashing of old stuff was over the top , and I think the editor did n't do such a great job of catching the repitition Auel insisted on writing . I guess it would have been helpful for someone who had n't read the other books in the series , but even then , some of the repition was within this same story!Had i not known better , i would have believed this book written by a totally different person.On the flip side , if you are a die-hard fan such as myself , this book is a must . If only to offer us hope for the next one !
 Wonderful series prior to this . Shelters of Stone , however , tarnishes Jean M. Auel 's reputation . Quite frankly , I do n't believe she wrote it herself .
 I really enjoyed the other books . I too was looking forward to this one . But nothing ever happens . The descriptions are too long and the story is very redunant . I skippped over page after page until I finally decided to put it down .
 I liked Clan of the Cave Bear but Auel gradually slipped more and more into cheap sex novels as she went along with the series . Shelters of Stone should be sold in porn shops .
 After eagerly awaiting the 5th book for over 10 years I find myself disappointed in it . It was very slow going at the beginning and introduced too many new characters who did n't seem to have a whole lot to do with anything . Brukeval and Laramar could have been made into better antagonists but were left kind of hanging . Do n't get me wrong ... I loved her first three books and the fourth was alright but I guess I expected more out of the fifth book because it took so long to be finished . Hopefully the 6th book wo n't take as long and will be better than the 5th .
 I thought I was getting a hardback and mine has a different cover . It 's pretty tired looking so if I decide to keep the series I 'll probably get a different one .
 This book took a long time to arrive from the supplier and was not as shown - in fact I had time to read the last book in this series -LRB- 1248 pages - large print -RRB- before I got a chance to read this one - and they were ordered at the same time . It was a much smaller novel and the print was smaller than I had expected that I would receive . The condition of the book was not bad but there were a lot of folded pages on the inside . I do n't dispute that the price was a great deal but I do wish that the supplier had said more about the condition of the book before I purchased it .
 The book was good , however I found that it repeated the history of all prior issues to a point of boredom at times . The book was full of typographical errors on the Kindle version . If it was worth reading again , I would read the paper version in hopes of avoiding a multitude of typos .
 I painfully read the entire book just to see if something exciting would happen up to the very end of the book . It did n't .
 I read the first 4 books in the Earth 's Children series as they were first released . I 've been re-reading them , including this latest book , in anticipation of the sixth book being released in March 2011 . Holy Cow ! I thought my remembrances of long rambling sentences and overdone passages might have been wrong , but if anything , it is worse than i recalled . The author is a fan of repetition , and finding obsolete synonyms to use for descriptive purposes , then beating them to death as though that would bring the words back into the common lexicon.And enough with the overdone , overblown , overly descriptive vanilla caveman sex . We get it already .
 I can not recommend the ebook version of this book . Assuming the print version was edited properly , I would probably give this novel 4 stars . However , there were so many errors in the ebook , I was never able to immerse myself in the story . The errors would jolt me and return me to the real word . The last third or fourth of the last chapter had 6 errors . It was often difficult to figure out what the correct word was .
 The typographical errors in all the books of this series , have made this otherwise wonderful book , extremely difficult to read . Not only are there occasional errors , there are repeated errors , in the character 's names . I was very disappointed in the quality of the ebook .
 but I did . I did it to be fair since it has been SO LONG since the first time I read it . And ? ... it was no better . It is without a doubt the worst sequel I have ever read . The fact that I loved the characters did n't help a bit . Every review is right about the constant going over and over of the previous books . If I could tell Jean Auel anything it would be this
 After such a long wait I think I expected something a little more than a rehash of her 1st four books . There was no character depth in this novel compared to her last ones , and I think the main characters acted very differently in certain circumstances than they would have previously .
 Like every other fan of Jean Auel 's Earth 's Children series , I have been waiting years to find out what happened to Ayla and Jondalar . I 'm sorry to report that Shelters of Stone was anticlimactic and a disappointment.The main characters that I have come to know and love have been reduced to mere cardboard cutouts . The endless descriptions of the Zelondoni locale are mind-numbing and the constant repetition of introductions and past history are boring in the extreme . I began skipping most of this unnecessary narrative before I was even half through reading the book.I had the book on backorder with Amazon for months and could n't wait to find about about Ayla 's and Jondalar 's matrimonial and the birth of their child . These two significant events were treated by the author in a casual and offhand manner as compared to the endless descriptions of the Zelandoni landscape . It was very depressing.If you are a real fan , you will want to read this book . Do n't invest in the hardcover ... wait until it comes out in paperback . That way you wo n't feel as disappointed by your investment .
 Do n't believe the hype.The massive amount of research which clearly went into this book does not make it a good story . There 's no plot ; no tension ; no suspense . Much of it is actually a clip show , with Ayla and Jondalar endlessly rehashing their past adventures and inventions . Nothing of note happens . A & J return to the Zelandonii , mate , and have a kid . There are hints of conflict with the Clan but nothing happens . The characters are plastic , too-perfect people and the writing is slow , static and rife with both authorial intrusion and needless info-dumps . Pages of truly bad rhyming religious doggerel -- which are , along with much else in the book , repeated several times -- add a touch of ludicrous awfulness.It 's boring . Skip it .
 I find it difficult to believe that the same woman who wrote the amazing `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' has written the subsequent books of this series , which have gotten further and further from the quality of the original . `` The Shelters of Stone '' wins an award as the book that took off in the most directions , only to let each and every story idea peter out and die a painful death . I kept wondering where everything was going , only to realize I was at the end of the book ! The only plus is that using the Earth 's Children series as soft-core porn seems to be an idea that has been given up in this book . I read it because I HAVE to , in the hope that she may again wow me . And , of course , I 'll read the next one , as will everyone else , so perhaps writing something actually enjoyable wo n't matter anyway as far as the profit margin goes . Yes , I 'm a sucker . I might have given this book 2 stars , but the cover art prohibited me from doing so . Is it just proving that Auel has lost the ability to create a vivid picture in our minds ?
 What is this series ? I guess it is romance , in the same genre as those thick novels with a woman and Fabio on the cover . If one starts this book with that in mind , you wo n't be disappointed . It still has Ayla inventing everything and healing everyone , and Jondalar is still an amusingly dumb blond with one endearing attribute . The animal friends are still there , wowing the prehistoric residents of France . Auel still manages to make sex scenes tiresome -- singlehandedly she may keep teenagers from having sex because she makes it seem so boring.But a fun bubble-head read nonetheless . Smart of the publisher to release this book in May -- it is the perfect beach read .
 This story is a continuation of the saga of Ayla and Jondalar . If you have forgotten the last books , never fear , every past event and vignette is told -LRB- and retold -RRB- often . This book has something for everyone but is based on the drama of prehistoric humans trying to eke out a living by merely hunting and gathering . Interspersed with this are lectures/discussions on society , early cooking methods , herbology , abortion -LRB- ! -RRB- , mythology , racism , more racism , mating rituals , mysticism and anthropology . Every few pages there are also endless introductions as Ayla meets the Zelandonii . And , of course , just when the reader is about to be lost from the umpteenth repetition of the phrase , `` Ninth cave of the Zelandonii '' , Ayla and Jondalar escape the crowds of Zelandonii , go off on their own , and engage in the steamy romance that has made them famous , and made these books unsuitable for children.The actual plot does not progress much other than Ayla trying to settle into Zelandonii society , mating with Jondalar , and having her baby , Jonayla .
 What is she doing to this series ? Clan of the Cave Bear was magnificent . Valley of the horses was interesting . Mammoth Hunters was tantalizing . Plains of passage was barely entertaining . This book is even less entertaining . She does n't answer questions . What happened to Durc ? Surely there is a lot more to his story and the flatheads then this . Surely , there has to be more going with the original clan . I mean , where is the story ? She just rehashes everything again and again and it takes pages and pages and pages to get any plot . She is slow writer and I ca n't believe I waited this long for this thing . I feel like a flathead for actually reading this thing .
 I really enjoyed reading all of the preceeding books in the Earth 's Children series . So when I saw this book at my public library , I checked it out immediately . Unfortunately , this book is not the same as the quality of the series I remember.Throughout the book there are many details about prehistoric lifestyle and environment . I appreciate the amount of research that went into creating an accurate depiction of the time . However , it slows the pace of the book down to a crawl . Long narratives that are unimportant to the plot occur every 5 to 10 pages . Some explanations are described over and over again . The book is filled with repetitive text on medicines , hunting technology , and lengthy formal introductions of the umpteen unimportant characters in the story . I dislike having my `` hand held '' while reading a story , and too much is explained and not enough is left to the reader 's imagination and intelligence.Only a few new major characters are introduced in this book , and not enough time is spent fleshing them out and exploring their relationships with each other . Only a few minor events occur in the lives of Ayla and Jondalar , the main characters in the book.The character of Ayla does not seem as believeable as she once was . She is tall , blonde , beautiful , has super-human hearing and sight and she is stronger than most men . She knows more than the tribal elders , and has invented fire , animal taming , and new medicines . Jondalar is tall , blond , handsome , and strong . He 's smart and caring , he 's invented the spear thrower and has a big -- to boot . Come on ! Stop pulling our legs!Their trials and tribulations now are nothing compared to the physical and mental abuse they had to endure when they were young . Ayla was very believeable and evoked much sympathy when she was first introduced in Clan of the Cave Bear . Now , she is like the Queen of the Senior Prom and she must put up with some teasing from her less popular classmates.If you liked the previous books in the series for their prolific and superfluous erotic scenes , you will also be disappointed . Perhaps it is because I have aged 10 + years since I last read the books , but these scenes seemed to be only roughly sketched out and hastily tacked on to oblige the readers who appreciate these scenes.My advice is to read only the first 3 books and stop . Get the Cliff 's Notes for the other two books . You wo n't miss much .
 This was a definate disappointment from such a talented author . What it basically came down to was a review of the first 4 books . I agree with the others when they say it could have been a 100 page book.I was absolutely delighted when this latest book was finally published . But it soon wore off . After such a wait ... maybe my expectations were too high . While Mrs. Auel lives up to the descriptive history she is known for , and I love , there really is not much of a new plot , new character development , nor any great conflict . Instead most of the book was taken up with lengthy introductions between Ayla and the Zelandonii , and the many times she showed them how to make fire - each time with a drawn out description.All that said , if you are planning on reading the 6th book , you should still give it a read.I truly hope that Auel revives her tremendous gift for story-telling , that made the first 4 books utterly captivating , in the 6th book . And that we do not have to wait as long as we did for Shelters of Stone .
 Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ... Snort ! Oh , excuse me , I must have fallen asleep over my copy of Shelters of Stone again.I felt almost obligated to read this book in spite of the bad press it 's received because I read each of the four previous novels in this series . I did n't like Plains of Passage very much , but had high hopes that Shelters of Stone would recapture something of the feel of the first three books . Alas , Auel has presented us with a tedious doorstop of a book that in the end left me wondering why I bothered to work my way through the whole thing . The plot goes nowhere , there is little character development , and there is so much repetition of material that I found myself skimming pages more and more frequently as I progressed through the book . The whole thing is so badly edited and the conclusion is so abrupt that I was left with the impression that Auel walked away from her computer to get a cup of coffee and while she was gone someone transmitted the unpolished novel to the publisher without her knowledge.And the Mother 's Song ... Oh , God , the Mother 's Song . What can I say that other reviewers have n't already said ? It 's one of the most outstanding terrible poems I 've ever read , rivaling some of the stuff in `` Very Bad Poetry '' -LRB- edited by Ross and Kathryn Petras -RRB- . Never mind the fact that it 's repeated several times . One reading was more than enough to convince me that this is one of the worst poems ever written in the English language . It should be awarded prizes based on its sheer awfulness and the way it makes your hair stand on end when you read it.To be fair , I have to say that Shelters of Stone is n't ALL bad . I enjoy books that focus on social history , fiction or otherwise , so the descriptive passages about housing , hunting , and ritual that annoyed so many other reviewers were often interesting to me.In addition , I was happy to find that Ayla and/or Jondalar did n't invent the wheel , at least not yet . I 've almost been expecting this to happen and was delighted to be disappointed in this respect.In short , there is very little new information in this book . Auel takes 700 + pages to tell us that Ayla and Jondalar are mated , that their daughter is born , and that Ayla has decided to become One Who Serves . Sorry , Amazon , but I ca n't recommend that people purchase this one . If you 're devoted to the series and feel that you must read it , check it out at your friendly neighborhood library and save yourself the purchase price .
 The only way I was able to finish this book was by skipping huge chunks of it . This series -LRB- Earth 's Children -RRB- , which began with such promise , has become completely lame . Jean Auel should put Ayla and Co. out of their misery if she ca n't think of some new story lines . If you must read this , get it from the library . Jean Auel does n't deserve any of your hard earned money for this turkey .
 I always like the Earth 's Children series and I eagerly awaited the release of the 5th book . I was greatly disappointed with it . I found it very dragging , repetitive and had no definite plot going on . It was very long but it had no actual substance . It 's suppose to be the 2nd to the last of the series ... it left me bored to tears . I do hope the 6th and final book would have an exciting conclusion .
 A bad book made worse by the fact it took twelve years to write . I really can not add anything else that has not already been said . Ayla is the source of all technology , she discovers/invents every tool that ever existed . She is perfect in every way , shape and form . Far from making mistakes as she did in Clan of the Cave Bear , she executes every form of etiquette perfectly , no matter how new or strange it is to her.The book is poorly written , with cardboard characters that have no believablity . It 's poorly edited , with massive amounts of repetition and run-on sentences . Entire sections of the book can be skipped with no loss to the story . Auel never seemed to catch on to the idea that a book can be short , and still be good.I wo n't go on any longer , because everything that needs to be said has been said in the spotlight reviews .
 I have read the previous books and thought they were great -LRB- though earlier works were better than some of the later ones -RRB- . This one was horrible . No plot but lots of repetition . Did she just discover the copy and paste function on her word procesor ? This book did nothing more than rehash the story line of every previous book . The lack of a good plot was frustrating . Jean started out several good twists but did nothing with them . Characters that could have caused some interesting friction just melted away into nothing . I like a happy ending as much as anybody but it would be nice if there were some twists and turns to the story line and the possiblity that all may not turn out rosy . In the end I felt that this book was something Jean just pushed out to leverage off of the popularity of previous books - a way to get some fast cash . I wo n't waste another dime on this author . If she ca n't spare the time and dedication to her readers to release a polished work of fiction then I ca n't spare my time or money for it either .
 I too eagerly awaited Shelters of the Stone , as I had so enjoyed the first books in the series . I too am very let down by the lack of spirit and repetitious passages of this book . I was recently disappointed by Diana Gabaldon 's latest novel The Fiery Cross , after rating her series one of my all time favorites . Maybe I expected too much of these last novels since they were so long in coming , but I am not waiting with eager anticipation for any follow up books . However , I will probably read them only because of my long-time loyalty to the series .
 I can summarize this book in 3 words -- `` Here , meet Wolf '' . Over 700 pages of repetition . No plot development . No climax -LRB- much less an anti-climax -RRB- . It basically details all the relationships at the `` shelters of stone '' . Ms. Auel had already begun to repeat herself -LRB- in full detail -RRB- quite a lot in the 4th book of the series . In this 5th and disappointing addition to the series , she was apparently given editorial rights to this book . Big Mistake . Someone needed to take scissors -LRB- not just a blue pencil -RRB- to the manuscript .
 I plodded through this excessively repetitive tome , reading over and over about the same things , and wondered how the editor -LRB- s -RRB- and publisher of this book could have let the author get away with such undisciplined text . Or was it the long-awaited windfall profits from anticipated sales to fans that motivated them . Of course , the author is primarily responsible for this endlessly pedantic prehistory , which does not even do justice to the cave paintings or their artists . This is a sad way to reintroduce oneself after 12 years , practically a generation having passed in the meanwhile . If another twelve years pass before the final book is available , I doubt if anyone will stick around to read it . I read some fan literature that extrapolated this book 's plot and found it much more entertaining and was sad to find that the author-fans stopped in mid story . I think they could have written the whole book and it would have been grand . If these authors are still around , I would encourage them to post the rest of their work . We can all enjoy their creation , in the same way that other fans have rewritten Star Wars Episode One to edit out the drivel Lucas put in . Maybe it will also give Auel some inspiration , which she sorely must need to have taken so long to produce so little . Remember , Jean
 Was she paid by the word ? If so , she earned her money . Every sentence in this looong , slow and dreary novel was repeated , rehashed , resaid and reiterated numerous times . The book could -LRB- and should -RRB- have been a quarter of the length it is . The dialogue is unbelieveable at best , the psychological insights hilariously anachronistic . The only genuine feeling is when cave drawings are described . The sex scenes obligatory every 75 pages are a howl and the fashions are to die for . Read it if you must , but Jean Auel has lost the touch and produced a really bad , padded monstrosity of a wooly mannoth .
 Ugh ... how much can one read about the landscape ... the rocks ... the rivers ??? and Ayla & Jondalar having sex ?? I skipped through most of the book and was still bored . What a disappointment , after waiting so many years!I do not recommend this book to anyone.I wo n't be reading any other sequals of the Earth 's Children after this one !!
 Thank goodness I did n't buy the book ! Reading it took longer than usual , and I even skipped large sections that rambled on with scenic description , or dull rituals . The endless , repetitive introductions , along with showing people how to use the fire stones , over and over , bored me to death . I hope the final book is better ! I think Jean Auel took too long a break from writing .
 So disappointing . The plot drags , and the characters are uni-dimensional and not rounded out like her other books . Also , the plot conflicts are trite and stereotypical . I 'm glad I took it out of the library . I own all the other books by Auel and have re-read them several times , but am not planning to buy this one , or read the next one -LRB- unless the reviews are phenomenal -RRB- . In case I was remembering with rose-colored glasses , I chose to re-read Clan of the Cave Bear -LRB- the best in the series -RRB- . The characters were well rounded with clear understandable motivations that led to how they acted . Iza , Creb , Brun , Broud , along with Ayla `` the outsider '' . Even the secondary characters were rounded out
 I mean honestly , who here actually read word per word the numerous pages filled with chants/prayers and song lyrics ? I 'd turn the page to skip ahead and lo and behold - - more lyrics ! eeks ! I 'd turn the page again and goodgollymissmolly ! More lyrics ! Over six pages of funeral song lyrics . Gee , how captivating . And what 's with that long poem at the end of the book ? What ? Is Miss Auel trying to be hip ? Hoping to score an MTV spot ? Is she going to change her name to MC Auel ? I 've followed the entire series all these years . The endless sea of boring and needless details from this book has now confirmed this is the last book I 'll read by Auel and whoever else attempted to help her write this snore of a story .
 The author has really lost it with this book . It 's 720 pages long but for its content it could be 80 . Nothing happens . Auel repeats over and over and over again certain phrases that will drive a reader crazy . If I hear , `` The one who is first among those who serve the mother '' , one more time , I 'll go crazy!Apparently , Auel has intimidated all editors . This book clearly did n't have one . Not only is the book over-written for so little content , it is poorly written . People are constantly `` smiling broadly '' at each other . Jean - ca n't you think of another phrase?I feel used . In reality , Jean wrote one great book -LRB- the first -RRB- and three so-so books after that . Then , she sucks the life out of her readers for a few bucks with this latest effort . There is no way in the world that she does n't know how bad this book is . If she were an unknown author trying to get this published she would be laughed out of the building.The kicker is the lame , lame , lame name that Jean chooses for a particular new character . It 's just about the worst cop-out I 've ever heard and it reeks of laziness , or it reeks of over-cuteness , choose your poison . What a dreadful end to a dreadful book .
 Not only does absolutely nothing happen in this book , but it is so poorly presented that you really do n't want to spend too much time reading this . Skip the long paragraphs , skim through the vast majority of the dialogue , forget about the poem , and wait for book # 6 . Hopefully , the last book -LRB- # 6 is supposedly the last -RRB- will buck the trend of the series going from good to bad as it progresses .
 I absolutely adored book one , loved book three and quite liked two and four but I 'm getting really bored now . The endless , endless repetitions of the stories of their journey , the constant reactions to the animals , the characters agonising over the same things again and again ... . If you cut out about half of it , then it might be a good book , as it is ... do n't waste your money
 I enjoyed the first four books , but could n't believe this was written by the same author . Slow , painfully repetitive , and WAY too long for very little plot development . I made myself finish it -LRB- skimming the last half -RRB- just because I wanted to know `` what happened '' - in case there 's a next book . Not sure I 'll even read any next book at this point unless the author and editor make a concerted effort to trim . Also not sure why author has to make Ayla the inventor of all human advancements - first to tame a horse , first to use a spear thrower , first to use a sewing needle , etc. . Talk about a Renaissance woman ! Makes the character that much more unbelievable !
 I 've never felt compelled to write a review here before but I feel I must for Shelters of Stone - if only to save someone from spending their hard-earned cash . I 've read the previous 4 books in the series and enjoyed them in spite of the -LRB- sometimes interesting and sometimes tedious -RRB- attention to detail . I do n't even know if I 'll spend the time finishing this book . There are too many other good books out there to be wasting my time on this one . I 'm half way through and nothing has happened , and , from other readers ' reviews , I do n't think much is going to . I do n't know how many more descriptions of river banks , rock outcroppings and caves I can stand.My disappointent lies less with Ms. Auel than with the editor and publisher . An author is human and can sometimes deliver and sometimes not - who knows what 's been going on her life in the past 10 years - but shame on the publisher for allowing this to go to print when such devoted fans are obviously anxiously waiting for its arrival ! Life is too short to waste time , and money , on boring and tedious literature like this . I would n't recommend this book to anyone , although I would happily recommend any of the previous books in the series .
 Anticipation grows like an ice-pack . After a few months you have a bleak winter . A few years of waiting produces a glacier.After enduring the 12-year Ice Age of waiting ... my anticipation for Jean Auel 's 5th book had long ago been pressed and ground down into a small hard diamond of hope that what was eventually released would be well worth the wait.When Shelters of Stone finally debued , I reserved a copy at the local bookstore , raced down there the day it was released , and as eagerly as a 12-year-old devours Harry Potter , started leafing through the pages.I have not felt this let down by anything connected to Auel since that sad mockery Hollywood made of `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' . The fifth book did not begin to approach the brilliance of the first one - it could n't hold a flame to the second or third , and I 'm afraid it did n't even measure up to the fourth.While Shelters of Stone does approach the high standard of anthropological research established by Auel in the Earth 's Children Series - there is little else to distinguish this two-pound tome.Ayla and Jondalar have become flawless and godlike - they continually astound the Zelandonii with their discoveries and innovations , but they lack the little character flaws that made them believable before.Though the book is frought with the usual jealousy Ayla seems to arouse in those who are intimidated by her obvious superiority , drama is sparse in this book . There are few interesting subplots other than a humorous high-school stunt concocted by Jondalar 's former lover.The book is comprised largely of flashbacks to prior books and repetition , repetition , repetition ad infanitum . How many ways can Jondalar and Ayla make love ? How many times can we endure Ayla 's introduction ? How many more friends and family members are we going to have to meet?There are a few hints of what is to come - and I can only hope that some of Auel 's singular brilliance and originality shine through again.I do n't think I can survive another Ice Age unless there 's a fire at the end .
 Please do n't get me wrong
 Jean Auel 's `` Earth 's Children '' series would have been limited to a single novel had `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' been written in the same tedious fashion . Ms. Auel 's eagerly awaited fifth novel of the series , `` The Shelters of Stone '' is a study in excrutiating , minutiae . The reader makes progress across this vast and wonderous landscape with a magnifying glass , never seeing anything beyond the short focus of the lens . I confess to quitting the book after 260 odd pages . Ms. Auel is , in my opioion , an incredibly talented author , otherwise , I would have quit 100 pages sooner . Perhaps this was a 100 page novel that was filled with an additional 600 pages of very finely crafted descriptive verbage . I guess I 'll never know .
 I have been a fan of this series since Cave Bear was first published . My favorite book was Valley of Horses . When I heard Shelters was on the shelves , I ran straight out and bought it and was planning on devouring it that night.That was on the day it first hit the shelves and I just got through reading it . It was like walking up a sand dune with a 50lb pack on my back . I had to make myself read it.Maybe it is a setup for the next book , that 's the only thing I can think of . Like The Empire Strikes Back . It set up Return of the Jedi and that was about all . I 'm trying to convey as much respect as I can to Ms Auel , as I do admire and respect her work . I have a BA in Anthropology , and believe me , she 's done her homework.I was so starved for something profound to happen in this book , I was actually hoping Jondalar would bite the dust in a hunting accident towards the end . But , what more is there for them to do ? They 've completed the journey and there are no more worlds to conquer .
 When I was a quarter of the way through the book , I kept expecting some excitement , such as I found in my favorite , `` Valley of the Horses '' . And now I 'm almost half finished , and Auel is explaining how there always seems to be a cup at the spring for people to drink from ... duhhh I sure hope the next book gives us some of the ole ' Auel .
 Really a reminder and a rehash of her books . Did not have a story line . Really disappointed .
 After a decade , both Jean Auel and Robert Waller produced follow-ups to previous hits . I read both and wished I had not wasted my time nor money . Shelters of Stone and A Thousand Country Roads both lacked inspiration and originality . I will not turn instead to fresh voices in literature . Try `` Lost Nation '' by Jeffrey Lent or `` Shade of the Maple '' by Kirk Martin for refreshing , lyrical prose that is fresh and compelling .
 Shame on you , Jean . After 12 years of waiting this was a huge disappointment . No action , nothing new . I 've re-read the other books in the series over the past 12 yrs. , but will not be re-reading this one ! Sorry I bought it . Should 've just borrowed it from the library .
 Repetitive , slow , and too detailed.How could there have been a 12 year wait for a book that was for at least the first 700 pages a repetition of the first books ? How many times do we need to be told Alya has to go to the bathroom more often now that she is pregnant ? Do we have to have her show how to make fire over and over and over ? Where is the plot , the suspense , the action?I do not recommend buying this book , get on the waiting list at the library .
 Waited years for this book . What a disappointment . It is boring , repetitive , and has no story . I do n't think that the same person wrote this book as wrote the first four . It stinks and I want my money back for the TWO COPIES I bought .
 I loved Auel 's first 4 books . But this new book has gone over the top with politics and ultra radical liberalism . Lets be honest , Ayla now represents radical feminism taken to insane levels . I ca n't stretch my imagination far enough to possibly believe that life could have ever been so perfect back then . It does n't matter that its 10,000 years ago , Ayla has mastered birth control , gets drunk , sleeps around , is a strong leader , hunts , fishs , is a medical guru and completes every other masculine task known to man . She also teachs the entire tribe to accept severe racial differences . I 'm surprised Auel did n't have Ayla somehow attending college in Berekely ! Lets be real , do you really think this could have happenend in such a harsh enviroment where survival was at stake every second of the day ? I just do n't buy it and I think Jean Auel is trying to shove her politics down our throat . Read at you own risk .
 What a let down I hope the next book comes out sooner and is better than this one . I started reading this series when I was 17 years old and am now 33 so I am invested in the story . When I finished reading the Plains of Passage I was not even married and now have been for over a decade . The day the book became available I was first in line and could n't wait to spend a quiet weekend in my most comfortable chair reveling in Ayla 's next adventure.I have to say that I read through the entire book with my normal vigor but I feel almost betrayed in what this book has done to a once powerful storyline . The antagonistic characters in the book are transparent and no effort was made to develop or resolve their conflicts with Ayla . Other than the complaints at the different ceremonies and the foreshadowing malevolence they wished upon Ayla and Jondolar in their thoughts we are left at the end of the book knowing that we have been hung out to dry . When I finished the book I had the same feeling I get when a Sunday night movie special ends with a to be continued right in the middle of the main plot . I hope Jean Auel 's ` to be continued next Tuesday 's episode ' is not eleven years down the road because if it is as weak as this book is then it will not be worth the wait or anticipation I had while waiting for this release.On a more positive note , hopefully the next book will resolve some of the many open plot items left hanging in the Shelter of Stone . As I mentioned earlier , I have been an avid and loyal reader to this series and I hope to be rewarded in her next book . Finally , I hope the wait is not so long that I receive it as a retirement gift .
 When I found out Jean Auel had a new book out , I bought the hard cover not wanting to wait for the soft to come out . That was a mistake . I have been a big fan of Jean Auel for years , and have read her previous books numerous times . Shelter of Stone however left much to be desired . Her detailed description of `` everything '' was a bit much . I enjoy a good detailed book , but this one was overdone . I had to force myself to pick the book back up and continue reading it . The first five hundred pages were slow going , but after that , things picked up and it was easier to read . Hopefully her next book will be less descriptive of rocks and ledges and more of the story of Ayla and her new homeland .
 I am a big Auel fan having each of her previous books in hard cover and having read them multiple times . There are about 700 pages in The Shelters of Stone , compared to Clan of the Cave Bear at around 450 . Auel 's books seem to becoming longer and more descriptive but at the same time the time line in the story becomes shorter . I was disappointed when after being three-quarters through Shelters of Stone only a few months have been covered -LRB- versus multiple years in her first two books -RRB- . It also seems that Auel must repeat herself describing characters multiple times in the same book . One character 's description , Echozar is described three times in Shelters of Stone - this is a character we knew in the previous book . I found myself having to skip sections of description because it was the same thing that was said a few pages before . I am hoping that Auel is n't repeating herself because she believes her readers are too stupid to remember one character , or one event , from time to time . Or is she just trying to stretch out a storyline so that she has enough for her expected and final 7th book ? I had high expectations for this book and am very disappointed at the result .
 This book was such a let down , I almost want my money back . I had been griping for years about the Earth 's Children series and where in the world was that new book . I was so excited to finally to see the book alive and in print that I bought the first copy that I saw and settled myself in for an absorbing session . Imagine my surprise when I encountered all the other books mushed together in 750 pages of dry , tasteless reading . The repetition of the background of Ayla and Jondolar was really ... . bad . I am trying to not sound harsh but I would only recommend this book if you go buy it used in paperback . We will see if the 6th book can recoup my faith in this series .
 Having gloried in the first four Auel books , I was anxiously awaiting this present volume . What a disappointment ! After four tales of high adventure around which were couched loads of information about stone age living , we come to this new effort . I have slogged through the first 300 pages of this tome , and now it rests on the shelf . -LRB- Editing out reduncancies and there might be a worthwhile thirty page read here -RRB- . In those first 300 pages nothing more exciting happens than a dirty trick involving clothing and a death at a hunt , providing I suppose a plot ploy to expose Ayla 's healing powers . Not much high dudgeon here . Frankly , the book reads more like ... manual for the stone age then a tale fashioned by a writer who proved capable of excellence in her earlier works . `
 Not long ago I was introduced to Jean Auel 's `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' as required high school reading and I have been thirsting for her work ever since . Her implementation of archeological description is amazing , and the society she has created for these ancient peoples is ingenious . But the fact that I put off college study time for 700 + pages of trite , regurgitated information from the previous four novels is incredibly disappointing.I felt as if I was forcing myself to paste my eyes to the pages and endure the dull plot , which lacked much needed character development and REAL attention grabbing conflict . There were simply too many superfluous characters who had no real impact on the novel at all . I was hanging on every page , not because of what was happening on it , but because of the hope that the next one might hold something interesting.I pray that this is just setting the stage for a phenomenal fifth installment , because this one could have been cut to a quarter of its size and still provide the same monotonous information . Granted , the last 200 pages picks up significantly , but not enough to redeem the overwhelmingly bland plot of the previous 500 .
 I could have saved my money and a lot of time if I had know it was just a rehash of all of her books .
 Boring and tedious ! Repetitious story line both from earlier books and from within this story -- how many times do you have to tell Ms Auel , I 'm not stupid , you know . Hard-to-remember names , and an error-ridden Kindle transcription add to this reader 's frustration . I 'm new to Kindle and wonder if all Kindle books are subject to transcription errors or did someone forget to edit this one ? Tell you what , Amazon , let me be an advance reader , give me the titles for free and I 'll edit for you .
 I purchased the e-book ; full of errors . I am only guessing that the last page I was able to read was in fact the end of the book , it ended so abruptly . Was Wolf hurt ; was Wolf killed . I may have to life the rest of my life not knowing since I 'm not sure I want to invest any more $ $ then have to wait years to pick up again .
 I picked this up on a whim , having read the previous books many years ago and enjoying them . Unfortunately , I ca n't say the same thing for this one . Almost the entire book consisted of Ayla retelling events from the last four books to everyone she encountered . Some sections even seemed to be cut and pasted from earlier in the book word for word . The new plot elements were also very weak when they were n't overwhelmed by repetition . For the amount of time between this book and the previous one I expected better .
 Even though I enjoyed most of the previous books in the series and looked forward to reading this one , I found it was not only a terrible book , but a boring one.Repetitive , uneventful , heavy , unpleansant to read , etc. etc. . Nothing justifies reading hundreds of pages to sumerize it in only a few words . Ayla and Jondalar ger married , Ayla has a baby , Ayla proves -LRB- yet again -RRB- that she has wisdom and ` powers ' , end of story.I feel cheated and fear the publication of the next one in the series .
 The much-hyped , long awaited continuation of the saga of Ayla and Jondalar is finally here , and what a non-event it has turned out to be . The characters have turned to cardboard , the plot is plodding and , judging from the repetition and belabored descriptions , Auel must have been paid by the word for this mammoth disappointment . Auel 's meticulous research and knowledge of the paleolithic era are , as always , superb -- but that 's not enough to elevate this potboiler to the level of her previous works.Since nothing happened or was resolved in this volume , there 's sure to be another . I only hope Ms. Auel does n't make us wait another ten years , and that she is able to capture the magic of her earlier work , so sadly lacking in Shelters of Stone .
 I read the first book , I was hooked . I read the second book , and it was pretty good . I read the third book and started to get disinterested . I read the fourth book and I was disapointed on the focus of constant sex and how much of a heroine Ayla was . The fifth book , sadly , follows in this pattern.Not only is there an * extreme * amount of sex , but Ayla being ` accepted ' seemed forced . And the fact she keeps discovering things upsets me . Flint , ` spear-thrower ' , sewing , taming animals , ect , it 's just very overdone.Ayla has no real flaws , which I think , is a huge problem when reading this story , as the reader has nothing to identify with.I 've heard people talk about a story about Durc and what happens to him . I think after Valley of Horses , that might have been the better idea .
 We fans have eagerly awaited this 5th novel , only to be seriously disappointed.What we were served is an overpriced , under creative work of tediously simple verbiage , constantly repeated , ad nauseum . The least experienced reader would abandon this book without hesitation . The more savvy fans are likely to be more disgusted , than disappointed . We learn nearly nothing new , no creativity , beyond trite descriptions of myriad cave paintings . No effort is made to either share interpretations , nor suggest something `` mystical '' ... any conclusion may have been better than none.Ayla 's `` rape episode '' is so jarringly out of step , as to be totally misspent type . Volumes of character creation and evolution , then an abrupt departure of good sense . The ungraceful manner of the thought process that led each character toward the moment , simply do not mesh . The hubris displayed by our Author is purely insulting . Mz . Auel 's loss of contact with feasibility is an overestimation of her competence , a misuse of our trust and custom.Were a refund available , I would absolutely be first in line . We would have been far happier , abandoned after book # 4 , than cheated in the 5th .
 1 Part minimal story advancement + 9 parts rehashing previous novels and/or actually redoing things done in the previous novels ... I think I will skip the 6th one when -LRB- if -RRB- it ever comes out ...
 It was sooo disappointing ... save your hard earned cash and buy something else or you can wait until it shows up at your local yardsale . This book was no not worth the wait and not worth my cash ...
 I found the books for the most part enjoyable . Unfortunately , as with the other Earth 's Children books , I was again disappointed to find myself reading -LRB- and in the case of the current book , listening to -RRB- sexually explict details that should be saved for magazines sold only behind the counter . If not for these graphic passages , which add absolutely nothing to the story line , the books would be a delight to read . In fact , I can see the series being read by preteens and teens alike . The fictional books might even spur a kid 's interest in history , geography or anthropology . Auel 's books would merit a better rating but for the passages containing detailed sexual content randomly scattered throughout . Okay , some folks enjoy erotica and that 's fine -- go to a porn bookstore to get your jollies . The Earth Children Series is a good read without adding gratuitous sex to the mix . So , how about some new editions sans the porno , please .
 Other reviewers were spot on when they mentioned that most of this book was little more than a rehash of previous books . It makes me so sad - the fascination I felt when I first started reading about this world , such as the craft-making , taming of animals , etc. has been stripped away , repetition by repetition . I especially disliked the gratuitous sex scenes that have replaced the warm intimate moments between Ayla and Jondalar . I ended up skipping them to get to more interesting parts , except I found out there were n't very many at all . As I got to the end of the book , I realized I had skipped at least three quarters of the book , because most of it was repetition ad nauseum about Ayla 's wonderful character . I used to think Ayla was wonderful too , but she 's just not believable anymore ever since she became `` Super Ayla , Master of the Universe '' .
 Jean Auel needs to break out of her mold of trying to make the latest book a stand alone book for new readers . With the latest book this technique has gotten unmanagable . She spent at least a third of the book going over material covered in previous books . She needs to understand that this is a series and she should assume that her readers have read the previous books . If she wanted to include the old material in a short prologue to bring those who have n't read the other books up to date , this would work , since those who have read the previous books could just skip it . As it was , I found this book boring . It was a big disappointment !!
 I can not believe I waited so long with high expectations for this book . I wished for it to tie up so many loose ends and instead it only created more . As far as I am concerned the last three books have been a total loss . It has taken three books and many years for us to get from Ayla being , what 17 , to the 19 she is now . Puleeze !!! Also as another reviewer mentioned , the sex is out of this world and that is not the point of the story . The introductions are ridiculous for people living in the time frame they are in . And the flowery language they use and some of their descriptions do not seem to ring true.Please , enought sex , enough on the spear thrower and the fire stones , etc. etc. . If someone has not read the previous books they can go out and buy them . Please do n't put us thru the endless drivel of describing this again and again , each chapter in each book . We know the food they ate , and we know Ayla is beautiful.I also have a problem with the babys name , Jondayla ?? Did Jean M. Auel lose her imagination ?? Even IZA would have been better.Where is she going with a girl baby ? I assumed that Durc would one day meet his half-brother . The story leaves us hanging about the secret cave that Wolf finds , yet it is the Earth Mothers cave ? This book has taken us only nine months further along in the series . There are a lot of loose ends that need tying up.I also will wait for the paperback issue of the next book , if there ever is another one .
 I certainly agree with the majority of the reviewers that this book as a big diappointment . After waiting for many years to follow the continued journey of Ayla and Jondalar , we get a book that could have been written in a lot less time than 12 years - maybe 12 months!The first 350 pages of the book are pure filler - endless repetitions of greetings and titles - information from the first few books - in truth , absolutely nothing happens during the first 350 pages . But , even though the story picks up after page 350 , it seems rushed - so much more could have been said in a lot fewer pages . The whole book seems like an introduction to book 6 and the final chapter of the Jondalar/Ayla saga.Yes , I will buy book 6 ; however , if a new reader were to pick up SOS , he or she would not understand why faithful readers were so excited about this book being published - it just does n't capture the original exciting story of Ayla and Jondalar . And , if I were a new reader , it certainly would n't make me want to read the first few books to see what the fuss was about .
 This long-awaited book is just a long , boring review of Auel 's previous books.There 's no significant plot , only place descriptions -LRB- the same places over and over again -RRB- , explanations about the animals , firestones and other discoveries -LRB- which we already read in detail in previous books -RRB- , too-explicit sex -LRB- not that I mind sex , but I get tired of it -RRB- , and bad naming skills -LRB- if you 've managed to get to the end of the book , you 'll know what I mean -RRB- . I 'm tired of Ayla being so perfect , of her always ending up within the top-rank people , of her being the smartest person on Earth -LRB- I guess she 'll eventually invent the wheel -RRB- , etc. `` The plains of passage '' was pretty boring , but it had some thrill in it . `` The shelters of stone '' is boring , and I would n't recommend it to anyone.I 'm very disappointed .
 I had to give it two stars because the years of waiting and hype gave me much more entertainment than the book did . I have yet to read a more dissapointing book . After years of waiting ... years of Jean explaing she 's taking her time to get it right ... and this is the result ? You meet Jondalar 's people , one by one , and hear again and again -LRB- and again -RRB- the `` formal introductions '' , the explanation of wolf , the horses and spear throwers . Most of the `` new '' dialogue makes me think it 's set in the 1980 's . One can overlook the grammatical errors -LRB- there are numerous -RRB- , but they should be an embarrassment to everyone that OK 'd the book . I hate to say it , but this is not a good novel . I found myself skipping whole pages just so I could read something that interested me . You can throw out half of this book , and still get bored.I just can not believe anyone actually read this and said , `` Jean , this is a wonderful book . `` WAIT FOR IT IN PAPER BACK ... I wish I had .
 Sorry to say , there 's not much of a story here . The whole book feels like a set-up for the next , last book . Everything came too easily for our heroes & there was just no real DRAMA to be found . Ayla is easily accepted by Jondalar 's people , they get mated , Ayla & Whinney have their babies and Ayla decides to train for Zelandoni . The whole summer ` meeting ' , rife with potential for juicy plot developments , is rushed through with little incident . Other , minor characters that were introduced play no real part in THIS book.Ms . Auel does her usual careful research , of course , but falls flat on plot this time and I just ca n't help but feel like she did n't really CARE about this book . I have a strong suspicion that the final book will really pack a wallop and the drudgery of ` Shelters ' will prove to be key in the development , but , honestly , I feel as though I 've been fleeced!Please , Jean , hurry up with the last one , ok ? We waited too long for this particular letdown . You owe us one .
 After twelve years of waiting for this book , I could barely wait to start reading it , especially since Plains of Passage had been so boring and I was eager for the story to actually move along . I saved it for a 12 hour flight , thinking the 765 pages would keep me busy and interested until I got home . So wrong ! By the time I was a few pages into Shelters of Stone , I could n't imagine getting through the whole book simply because the writing was so painfully bad . But I did , and in abour four hours because it has to be the most repetitive book ever . I can not believe Auel or her editors actually put that many excerpts -LRB- and I think one of them was even put in multiple times -RRB- from previous books . I can not understand why Auel or her editors would think readers would need a recap of how Ayla invented or tamed everything for the Nth time . The last two chapters have all the plot movement there is . Read those last two chapters in the bookstore , or if you 're flying British Air , look out for my copy -- I did n't even want to bring it home .
 I remember reading the Plains of Passage on the bus during a school field trip we had in high school . I was so excited when the Plains of Passage came out , because I had waited a whole 2 YEARS for it to come out . I started reading the books when I was in junior high school and completely loved them . After I read that book -LRB- skipping a lot of the exposition about grass -RRB- I remember feeling slightly disappointed , but also thinking that the next book would be really great.There would be a lot of conflict with the Zelandonii considering the reaction Jondalar had to Ayla when he first found out she was raised by the Clan . Also , maybe we would see the first couple of years of life of her child . Maybe the whole Clan/Human conflict would come to a head . Heck , we could even see the return of Derc . I was satisfied that we would get the answers . . . Well , I 've been out of high school for 11 years now and finally the next book of the series came out . What . A. Waste . Of . Time.That was the biggest snoozefest I have ever read . I suffer from insomnia , and reading a couple of pages of that book was a sure-fire way for me to catch some zzz 's . How did her editor get away with allowing Auel to turn in that garbage ? I think Auel has the mistaken dillusion that she 's an arthopologist and not a writer . Fine , write an anthropology book . But the next time you want to disguise it as a novel , count me out .
 Having read all previous Auel books , mostly with great enjoyment , I looked forward to this latest . It feels like Auel 's heart was not in this one , and frankly I could not even finish it , abandoning it half-way through.The interest in a book about ice-age people would be in the author 's insight into a different way of life , different social patterns , even different thought patterns . Enlivened by Auel 's curiosity and research , earlier episodes were both believable and interesting , most especially the first `` Clan of the Cave Bear , '' a gripping , realistic portrait of how the world may have appeared to Neanderthal man.Granted that Ayla is now with people who are recognizably human , nonetheless , should n't there social and thought patterns by different from ours . Is it inevitable that Cro-Magnon man arrayed himself into little family units , with parents and children living together like families in suburban houses . Is it believable that ice-age humans had liberal sensibilities like ours . And even if so , is this an interesting book?There are too many anomalies here . The people depicted clearly had no sense of agriculture , no crops , no livestock . They lived off of what food they could kill or gather each day . Surely they were frequenly near starvation , and must have had to move about frequently . While we would like to believe that our ancestors lived harmonious social lives , it is too much for me to believe that this was not a world of great and irrational violence . Auel 's people never seem to suffer from disease , just the occasional accident . They seem to value cleanliness in exactly the same way we do , and this also seems quite far-fetched . If nothing else , would n't they have continual toothaches , not to mention numerous other diseases related to a seasonally deprived diet . Surely communities in this age were always on the brink of extinction , but you get no sense of that in this book.What is nice is Auel 's depiction of their appreciation of handicraft and fine art.She peppers the book with detailed , but largely irrelevant sex scenes . And there are numerous very silly episodes .
 Read the first couple of pages and then skip the next 250 . It is all review . Auel should assume that people who are reading this book have read the others and should not spend 250 pages re-hashing what we already know . We already know people will be `` amazed '' and `` disbelieving '' of Ayla 's and Jondalar 's previous adventures . We do not need to sit with them while they tell the story to each of Jondalar 's relatives.We also already know Ayla and Jondalar `` share pleasures '' more and better than any earthly couple ever did or could . I am not reading this story to get a `` thrill '' . In the last book , it got to the point that whenever Auel wrote about pleasures , I just skipped it , because it disturbed the flow of the story . This book was no exception.I want more depth , more story and less review . I have n't given up on the series yet , but if I have to wait another 10 years for the next - I wo n't be buying it .
 ... mostly because I kept telling myself , `` I know there 's a plot here somewhere . If I keep looking , I 'll run into it any minute . '' Alas , I was mistaken . Honestly , folks , this book 's entire storyline can be summed up in a couple of sentences , and not very interesting ones at that . If Reader 's Digest is still doing condensed versions of books , they might be able to make a readable copy of SoS , but , I , for one , have no intention of wading through this mess again . I really enjoyed the first four novels , and my copies of those are in pretty shabby condition from rereading , but this one 's going to stay pristine . If you 're looking for rich characterization and a top-notch story , try Robert Jordan 's Wheel of Time series - at least he releases a new one every couple of years .
 I am a voracious fan of this series and have read the first 3 books several times . I was especially entranced by `` The Mammoth Hunters '' - Auel 's ability to show Jondalar 's struggle with his own demons , Ayla 's misinterpretation of his response to her , and the wonderfully 3 dimensional characters of the Lion Camp . Then , in her journey across the `` Plains of Passage '' , Auel got lost . The characters grew less and less interesting , but the overall anticipation of Ayla 's introduction to the Zelandonii kept you anxiously flipping through to the end . I was so excited to spot this book that I pre-ordered it several months in advance , much to my disappointment.Jondalar 's father and other brother -LRB- hugely important characters in his life with a lot of potential for character development -RRB- are never really addressed . Marthona flits in and out , as does Zolena/Zelandoni who is a little more fleshed out -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- . But , again , you would expect such strong women with such attachment to this man to hold off on their acceptance of the foreigner for a while longer . There was absolutely no lingering discomfort for Zolena and Jondalar . I I believe Auel `` quick-fixed '' that hurdle by throwing a few hundred pounds on the poor woman . No threat now ! I was so intrigued by the potential for all these characters and very let down by the lack of conflict , drama , and character of the book . Please , please redeem yourself in the next one , Ms. Jean . Hint , by the 5th book , we know all about Ayla 's historical demons . Touch on them if you must , but 100 's of pages wasted on recap was overkill . We remember , write on !!
 After waiting with great anticipation for 12 looonnggg years , I actually took the day off work when my copy arrived so I could immerse myself back in the Ice Age ! 300 pages later , I gave up and decided to clean house instead . I now know why the book has the shortened title of SoS - 'cause if I EVER saw a book in distress this is it ! I am now perfectly willing to believe all those rumors that Jean is dead - she could n't possibly have written this drivel . -LRB- well actually she did , it was just in books 1-4 -RRB- This has been my favorite series of all time and now , sadly , I do n't care if she ever gets around to publishing book 6 . Even Ayla 's skills as a medicine woman ca n't revive this victim .
 This 5th book in the `` Earth 's Children '' series has been eagerly awaited for a remarkably long time . Given the amount of time Auel has been working on this novel , it is almost mind-blowingly bad . I have a hard time , in fact , believing it is even written by the same person as the other books in the series . The writing is poor , there is very little plot , the pace is excruciatingly slow , and above all it is unbearably repetitious . Not only does Auel remind us over and over again of things that have occurred in other books , which alone would probably be forgivable . She also repeats herself within the book over and over , both by literally repeating what the characters are thinking a few paragraphs after first revealing the information -LRB- sometime she tells us three or four times as if assuming the reader to be too dense to get it after being hit over the head with it twice -RRB- and also by repeating the same plot point endlessly -LRB- for example , Ayla and Jondalar reveal the `` firestones '' to each other character in the book individually , so that the reader has to suffer through the identical scene at least five times ; same with the `` spear-thrower '' and the animals and the `` pole drag '' etc. etc. etc. -RRB- . If she could n't think of a story , she should n't have written the book at all , much less subjected us to 800 pages . It is shameful that she will make any money from this piece of dreck , much less the huge amount she will undoubtedly pull in from it .
 What a disappointment !! I really expected a story , plot & character development after a 12 year wait and 800 pages . What I got was a boring formula written book with lots of rehashing of old material and characters turned into cartoons of themselves . The one good thing that came from this book is that now I do n't like any of the characters and really do n't care what happens to them ! I 'm cured !
 I waited 12 years for this ?!? Most of the other reviews have said enough . Basically , this is disappointing . I barely was able to slog through it once , and have tried and tried to read it again -LRB- unlike the other books , which have been re-read countless times - especially Mammoth Hunters -RRB- . The book is written as though the author did n't remember details from the other books . Misspelled names ... things that just do n't jive with what had been established in the other books ... and NO PLOT . And do n't get me started about the baby 's name , or how anticlimatic the Summer Meeting was . Ugh.I can only hope that Book Six is better ... however , I will be checking it out of the library rather than shelling out the money ... Sad , sad , sad ...
 Length , anybody can do . Research is nice , but laundry lists of extant flora and fauna left me skimming . Remedial writing is insulting . Sample
 For me , this series began phenomenally -LRB- Clan -RRB- and has slowly but steadily gotten worse . Auel seems to have run low on ideas and resorts instead to recycling material from the previous books . This 5th book is particularly bad about repeating what happened in the previous 4 ; I got sick of Ayla re-telling some facet of her life 's story to every new person she meets . Even if Auel wants to remind us of some of the other books ' details , she could have done so much more succintly . Also , she is more repetitive of story ideas than ever -- Ayla heals someone to prove she 's a great medicine woman , Ayla goes on a hunt , Ayla proves the value of the horses to everyone , Ayla is ostracized by some people for her Clan background , Ayla forms a special bond with someone who is crippled , blah blah ... I understand a lot was n't going on in the Stone Age , but if you have to repeat some elements of previous stories or some ideas , they certainly do n't warrant the same elaboration as in previous books . It says a lot , to me , that I could read the first sentence of every paragraph and occasionally a smidge more and not feel lost in the slightest as to what was going on . Over 700 pages ? Please ! Less is more , Jean.With that said , I could n't stop skimming the story . As much as I hated having to filter through this vastly over-long book -LRB- even the sex scenes were overwritten , as someone else pointed out , and how many more ridiculous euphesism can we take , really ? -RRB- , I became so interested in Ayla 's life in the first three books that I forced myself through this 5th one as I did through the slow parts of 4 and will through 6 , and I think fans will find it fun to play in the Stone Age again even if ultimately not much happens.As literature goes -- a really terribly book ; as quick reads go , not the worst you could pick .
 Oh , did I mention this book is repetitive?Note to Ms. Auel
 Home at last , our wandering prehistoric couple . After 173 pages , I have progressed through less than three days of the return of our hero , Jondalar , with his exotic and mysterious Ayla to the Zelandonii people . On the fifth or sixth day -- I think I have lost count -- we are dissecting the anatomy of a prehistoric funeral . To get to this high point , I have endured some of the lamest dialog , been subjected to pages and pages of rehashed material from the previous four books , and been bored to sleep with excessively detailed descriptions of the local flora , fauna , and geology . Much of the dialog reminds me of old television westerns like the Lone Ranger . Images of Jimmy Olson and Clark Kent popped in to my head at one point . The writing does not meet the quality of some young adult literature . I have read the first four books , more than once , the Clan of the Cave Bears at least three times.At page 256 , I had to return this book to the library for renewal -- which was disallowed due to demand . Now , I may never finish ; little in the first third of this book compels me to pursue the last two thirds . There are too many other books in my reading list to waste my time with this fifth bloated sequel.What ever happened to the writer who created the first four books of the Earth 's Children series ?
 Not surprised to see reviews that agreed with mine . Waited over 10 years for this book - loved the first four . Fifth is a re-hash of books 1-4 , no depth or richness to characters - very superficial . I kept `` waiting for it to get good . '' I periodically re-read the first 4 books simply because they are so complex and always learn something new . Not in this one . Do n't see how Ms. Auel can wrap this up in only one more book . As an avid , avid fan - I was totally frustrated by this read !
 This book was a complete disappointment . It basically meanders through countless pages of soft porn and repetitive descriptions with no plot or character development . None of the characteristics that made her earlier books good reading -LRB- insight into anthropological discoveries about human origins and development , descriptive scenes in which we are introduced to prehistoric animals and habitats , well-developed characters whose behaviors are motivated by plot twists -RRB- are in evidence in this volume . Instead , we are left with luke-warm husks of characters , many of whom are simply introduced on one page , only to disappear for good two pages later , with no seeming connection to the plot , and with no contribution to the development of the story . Ayla , who in previous volumes is portrayed as a strong , confident heroine is reduced to a sniveling , weak and submissive creature who continually worries about her mate 's undying love , meeting and anticipating his every need , and being a happy little hearth-wifeThis trite novel takes a shallow , sophomoric look at current social ills such as alcoholism , single motherhood , and child neglect and applies cliches in the form of Ayla-turned-social worker to redeem them . However , the characters involved seem one dimensional and one feels that perhaps they are in the book simply to provide an opportunity for Ms. Auel to expound upon her social views.Finally , there are no conflicts to resolve , no obstacles to overcome , and no real reason for the reader to continue to turn the pages of this dull book . It is , quite simply , an overblown soap opera put in book form . In short , you 'd spend less time and money on a Harlequin Romance , and probably get a better story .
 I wish I 'd read the reviews before I rushed out and bought the book . I 've been waiting with baited breath for 11 years for this book , and I could n't be more disappointed . CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR was terrific ; VALLEY OF THE HORSES was interesting ; THE MAMMOTH HUNTERS was a little disappointing because of all the cavegirl meets caveboy , cavegirl loses caveboy , cavegirl gets caveboy back . But I enjoyed THE PLAINS OF PASSAGE , trying to figure out what part of Europe they must be in.I agree with a reviewer who said that it 's amazing that an editor let this stuff fly . It totally pains me to say it , because I was such a fan . The book could have been cut in half if all the endless introductions were left out and the repitious backstory condensed.Even when the story was tired in the other books , I was interested in the healing aspects , the literary suppositions of religion , and the other anthropology insights.It read like a lot of cutting and pasting to me . Wish it had n't .
 Maybe I had to wait too long for this book . Maybe Auel was pressured into writing it & her heart was n't in it . Maybe she did n't even write it . Some one of these has to explain the vast difference in enjoyment I experienced between the first 4 books and this one.The more I think about it , the more I wonder how this book even made it out the publisher 's door . There was too much repetition & rehash -LRB- after 12 years I think readers had too much time to read & re-read the other books and know the past backwards & forwards -RRB- . Not enough interesting plot development occurred - everything that I expected to have happen in maybe the first 1/4th of the book took the entire 700 pages , and little new or unexpected things happened to spice up the expected events . I suspect 90 % of her readers could have fashioned a more exciting plot than this book had , especially after having over a decade to let their imaginations go at it . There were too many characters and sidelines to the story partially developed & then dropped . With all the wait between # 4 & # 5 I assumed extensive research was involved , but the background development resulting from any research was far inferior to the depth of the 4th book.This book is , at best , an uneventful bridge to book # 6 , IF Auel 's readers are not too annoyed at having rushed out to pay hardback prices for this one to even bother to buy the next one . The things of importance I took away from this book could have been conveyed in a few chapters of the next one . Surely the editors could have seen how inferior this book was to the first four . The publishers can only have been concerned with reaping hardback revenues , not maintaining the author 's reputation , to have allowed this book to go out their doors the way it is . I can not imagine the paperback doing well at all , and if there is to be a 6th book , she has a major redemption task in front of her .
 Most of THE SHELTERS OF STONE is pretty tough sledding . Ayla and Jondalar arrive at the Zelandonii caves . The people are amazed that she 's tamed animals , Wolf and Whinnie and Racer . They 're even more amazed when she shows them a better way to build a fire and her thread puller -LRB- the needle -RRB- . Later , she saves an injured man by suturing his wounds . By now we should know where this is going . I have to confess that I did n't , until maybe the twentieth time Auel has the head medicine woman/doctor/priest , Zelandoni , ask Ayla if she 's ever thought about studying to become a zelandoni -LRB- the priests have the same name as the people -RRB- . If we look at SHELTERS OF STONE , as a transitional novel , it 's not as hard to take . Ayla must learn to accept the fact that she has an obligation beyond becoming Jondalar 's mate and the mother of Jonayla -LRB- I do n't think I 'm giving anything away there , since I was able to predict the name of the baby as soon as I learned she was pregnant -RRB- . Despite its transitional nature , the novel has numerous flaws . There 's no plot . There 's no real antagonist . Auel fumbles about trying to find one . Laramar , a drunk who wo n't take care of his children , hates Ayla because she 's a foreigner , yet is given a higher status . Brukeval , who 's part Neanderthal , loves Ayla but hates himself because he ca n't admit who is really is . Marona , Jondalar 's former girlfriend , tries to embarrass Ayla by giving her clothes meant for a boy . Ayla 's so far superior to any of these people that we do n't worry much . So then , the only remaining thread is Ayla 's journey to become One Who Is First among the Zelandonii . Pretty dry stuff . I would imagine most people wanted to know if Ayla would find Durc , her son by Broud , a truly worthy villain from CLAN OF THE CAVE BEARS . But she 's only nineteen in this one , and he would be about eight years old , living far away . You 'll have to wait for the final book of the series -LRB- if you 're willing to read it -RRB- . Another flaw would be the constant repetitiveness . It 's almost as if Auel was her own editor . That ca n't be , though ; she thanks one in the acknowledgments . The worst example is Ayla 's idea that men contribute to the birth of babies . I did n't count the number of times it was mentioned , but it must have been at least two dozen.There 's some clumsy writing going on here as well . The poem at the end of the book is terrible . And the sex scenes are embarrassing.So now we know why it took Auel twelve years to write this novel . I can hear the arguing now among the editors at Crown . Will anybody buy the next book after suffering through this one ? Probably . But the people at Crown and Random House and Scribners and Little Brown should think about delegating their responsibilities to agents and their sales forces . I loved CLAN OF THE CAVE BEARS and the following two , but I wo n't be reading the next one , I can guarantee you .
 I enjoyed all of Jean Auel 's previous books and looked forward very much to the next in this series . After 10 years I had expected a work surpassing the previous . Unfortunately this book does not fit the pattern of her scene-setters . It is clear that JA has expended a lot of effort researching the location and prehistory and she commits a lot -LRB- excessive amount -RRB- of this tome overlaying the known around the characters-who-might-have-been . But now the credibility that one person made all these discoveries and had so many extreme characteristics begins to pale.What is lacking is story . I could summarize what Jean Auel stretches over 750 pages into 3 sentences . Several times we are led to believe that there might be some action , but potential fades to disappointment and more monotony . I did not put this book aside for two reasons . First , I was always prepared to give her the benefit of the doubt , based on her earlier books . Second , I hope/trust that this volume is a scene-setter for her finale , which hopefully will provide more reader interest .
 Unlike most true fans , I have not been waiting for eleven or twelve years , I just finished the series last summer . -LRB- I 'm a junior in high school . -RRB- However , that does not change the feelings that I have for this book . This was so repetitive that it bored me to death . Not only do we hear constant introductions , which get so very , very long , we also hear about the animals , former discoveries , and long descriptions of the landscape and what the animals look like , and so forth . We are led to believe that there will be a dispute between the Clan and the Others , yet nothing ever happens . We are led to believe that there will be arguments between Ayla and Marona , Brukeval , or Laramar , yet nothing ever happens there either . We also are led to believe that Zelandoni of the Ninth Cave will talk with Ayla about all kinds of things , yet it really does n't happen . After the buffalo hunt , not only does it disappear after someone gets trampled , it jumps again to something else . The book is well researched , but not as well as in the past . We never really hear about Ayla 's medicine skills , until toward the end of the book when a boy and Wolf are both hurt within about fifty pages . The summer meeting is anxiously anticipated , and yet again , NOTHING EVER HAPPENS !! What happened the wonderfully written books we have all read ? This was a major disappointment to me . Ca n't Jean do any better than this ? I hope that she has a good excuse , because twelve years is a long time to come out with a book like this .
 I just finished reading Shelters of Stone and I have to say that I expected more in the PLOT department . I enjoyed the new adventures of Ayla and Jondalar in the land of the Zelandonii . I appreciated that they have finally reached their destination and can rest ... I wanted to learn so much more about `` what happens next '' . I think that there are really only 5 or 6 major events in the story and they are , for the most part , left in limbo for the next book . I understand the concept of leave them wanting more ... but I would have liked to get a few of the book ' issues resolved in the 700 + pages . By the time I was at the end of the book , I felt that there was still so much story to tell ... As I was preparing for the release of book 5 I did refresh my memory regarding the storylines of the other 4 books . I am sure any other fans did the same . Most of the repetition was not necessary . I got tired of reading the repetitive sections of the story and found that I was skimming the text until I got to something new ... although I think that I too may have memorized the song of the Mother . How many meetings must be chaired for there to be any action on the part of the Zelandonii regarding Ayla 's `` new information '' regarding flatheads.I was very interested with the storyline between Ayla and `` The First '' , I suppose it could have been resolved sooner ... not much of a surprise there , especially considering her history in the previous books has been sort of leading up to this . I got rather frustrated that I was the one with the realization before Ayla . Usually she is so perceptive ... maybe with others and not herself ??? This being said , I am still looking forward to book 6 and I hope that it will answer my questions and tie up all the loose ends in Ayla 's Journey . I just hope that Ms. Auel gives me a lot more plot and a lot more credit .
 What a bitter disapointment/a repeat of all books up to now/she meets the zelandoni they are scared of her / they grow to accept her she has Jondalars child book ends with her agreeing that she is a Zelondona their name for mog-ur or mamuti . Some of the pages seemed word for word from her other books . It was clear this book was written for profit not because she had nanyrthing new or interesting to add ...
 Once again , Jean Auel 's gigantic sprawling saga of Ayla -LRB- proving that there were preppies in the Stone Age -RRB- staggers to its ' feet and lurches forward . The problem is , it lurches forward for something like 700 pages . Ayla has journeyed with Jondalar -LRB- her mate -RRB- home to his people . All of them have names like Marona , Farona , and my Sharona -LRB- sorry about that -RRB- and they mostly welcome her . Ayla goes about her usual tall blond medicine woman persona -LRB- it 's catching -RRB- while sharing pleasures with Jondalar , and being the very best cave person she possibly can be . All the while she is tormented that her new family may discover her Neanderthal heritage and tragic past . Let us leave the neolithic Martha Stewart to her pleasures and reread Diana Gabaldon . Forget it .
 Mrs. Auel did a brilliant job with her first book , Clan of the Cavebear . Having read everything after , it is painfully obvious she was lucky . All the books after bear out the fact that she should have stayed a housewife , and not pretend to be a professional writer . Someone has taught her how to pad a book with repetitive musings by the main character about events from the first book , ad nauseum . With this latest installment , she has perfected the craft of telling very little story while piling on the number of pages to justify the hardback cover price . I think Mrs. Auel ought to be ashamed of herself for putting out such trash . However , I imagine her aim is to pad her bank account better than she has padded her books .
 Rock formation , rock formation , new character ... etc.The sad part is , the rock formations are more interesting than the new characters . Just reread the first three and skip the rest of the series .
 Disappointed is just the tip of the glacier ; I also felt betrayed by Jean Auel . If she could not be more imaginative , she should n't have written another book . There is absolutely no tenuous story line . There is no intrigue and tension . Come on , do you think having to wear boy 's underwear in public is high stakes ? Even the birth of Ayla 's child is an anticlimax , and the baby 's name is atrocious . Every possibility of danger alluded to is dropped by the wayside . Nothing pans out . After reading adnauseam about the strange rock formation , and previous books ' reference to them , nothing huge is revealed . Much repetition and nothing new , other than being a lengthy author 's forward to her next sequel.My daughter bought me this book for Mother 's Day , and I had looked forward to reading it for 10 years . I absolutely love all of the other books in the series and still continue to re-read them yearly . It pains me to have to give such a negative review for Shelters of Stone . I 'll definitely read the next installment ; however , I 'll borrow it from the library first before I decide to purchase .
 I am a huge fan of Auel 's earlier books . I enjoyed reading about the certain discoveries of Ayla and Jondalar , the descriptions of the landscape , etc. . I looked forward to this book for many years , but it did not live up to my expectations.In a 1,000 + page book , the entire goal was to get to the Summer Meeting . It took 700 pages for Jondalar and Ayla to walk into camp , then finally make the journey to the Summer Meeting . What happened in those 700 pages ? Not much.However , there were plenty of name recitals
 if that were available . This was an awful book . I did n't enjoy any portion of it . I was drawn in by the wonderful ` Clan ' , and even liked the ` Valley ' . Could n't have cared less about the ` Mammoths ' , but suffered on to the bitter end . I feel like Jean became a cut-and-paste master , and I can tell you all of Ayla 's connections in my sleep ! Too repetitive , too bland . Wait for the paperback at the 1/2 off store if you must read this .
 I 'd eagerly awaited this `` new '' book in the series , however , I could have saved my money , and re-read what I already have in my collection . I really expected more than a rehash of events , we do n't need to spend an entire tome reliving the same old prejudices Ayla had gone through before . I had anticipated a final chapter , with Ayla meeting Durc and her Clan at some point , and living up to a dream she had about Durc and a new child she had meeting on perhaps dangerous ground . Or maybe I just dreamt this plot . At any rate , since MS Auel is writing another book , I sincerely hope she can get down to a continuation of the story and not simply a rehash of prior books with one new event !!
 I read the first chapter on-line at Amazon , and was a trifle suspicious as it was yet again the usual intro with the `` meet the animals ... etc etc '' . However I figured that after the last debacle of `` plains of passage '' where 50 % of the book was a repetition of the previous 2 books , the editors had put their 2 pennysworth in and some strict editting had come into play . After all this one had taken 10 years to complete !!!!???!! So it was my birthday and thought why not complete the set ... and I paid good money and bought the book ! ... I was -LSB- cheated -RSB- There is nothing new , in fact to look at the 5 novels in total , if you removed all the repetitions from them all -LRB- e.g. She 's preggy - so she has to pass water frequently not just once once - but twice - three or even more ... -RRB- -LRB- and Jondalar does love to clean his toothypegs with a wintergreen twiglet !!! 2-3 times in SOS , 3 times in POP , 4 time in MMH , and twice in VOH -RRB- theres really is n't enough story line to support any more than 3 books.In fact there 's certainly no new story line in this book . If you look back to The Mammoth Hunters it was inevitable that she was going to be the all powerful earth mother ... . she did n't even struggle much against it ... so what could possibly be new in the next 6th book ? just more of the initiation into Auels version of yet another ceremony ... . It would have been much more interesting if new characters had been developed after the Valley of the Horses , and we moved a decade on from these people . After all she 's been going around spreading these `` radical '' ideas around ... . So ... . what did happened back in the mamutoi camp when she left ??? ... . What did happen to Broud , Durc and and all the other characters ... ??? It really is n't good enough ... . the first 2 novels were excellent ... . but p ` raps Jean Auel needs a ghost writer to complete the series .
 Well , I 'm glad I was n't holding my breath for this one . What a disappointment . The plot -LRB- such as it is -RRB- takes so long to unfold it is n't funny . Much of the book is just revision of events in previous books . While this may have been somewhat justified -LRB- after all , it 's been a long time since the last one -RRB- , the stories really only needed to be repeated once . But instead , Ayla and Jondalar repeat the same information at great length to various people over and over again . Surely `` Ayla explained about finding Wolf '' would have done , rather than a three paragraph reminiscence every time someone new was startled by Wolf.The long descriptions of pretty much everything in Ayla 's environment also became wearing for me . While most of the interest in the books is reading about how humans used to live , the amount of description and way it is phrased was a bit much for me . In one passage the author actually referred to the sun as ` the shining orb ' , which left me thinking of Flora Post 's tortured literary efforts in Cold Comfort Farm.It was also amusing to note that Jondalar 's sexual technique has not varied in the slightest since the previous books - apparently he is a one-trick pony . Although I genuinely like the characters of Ayla and Jondalar , this book was dull reading for a lot of the time , and not in the same league as Clan of the Cave Bear .
 I have read the other reviews and I 've read all of the Earth 's Children 's books . I was so excited when I heard the book was coming out , but like many others , I have been sorely disappointed . Nothing exciting happens . There could have been great conflict with Jondalar 's ex or with Brukeval , but there was nothing !! All we had were Ayla and the ever smiling Jondalar -LRB- how could one guy smile so much -RRB- and a smart ... One Who is First . She was one of the most irritating characters I 've read in a long time . She was pushy and a know-it-all , not the spiritual leader one would think . Ayla has become way too wonder womanish . She does it all , and I guess no one else has ever thought of any of these things ! I will read the next book , but it will take a miracle on Auel 's part to make me a believer in Earth 's Children again .
 This book is one of the mose tedious reads I 've ever slogged through . What a dud ! Nearly 800 pages , and NOTHING HAPPENS . Auel has become so enamored with exploring her characters ' motivations she 's forgotten the need to entertain . This book is more of a paleoanthropology text than novel . Auel introduces scores of characters and gives none of them depth . As usual , Ayla is a superwoman who can do anything . Single lines of dialogue are often followed with up to two pages of descriptive asides that left me wanting to scream , `` Get on with the story ! '' That is , if there was a story . If this was the first book in the series , it would never have seen the light of day . Auel repeats scenes over and over , such as people 's fear at first spotting Wolf . Jondalar is his usual wimpy self who does n't come to Ayla 's defense when she 's humiliated by Marona . All these pages , and there 's ONE action scene ! And even that one does n't directly involve Ayla or Jondalar . It 's probably for the best , since Auel has always been a terrible action writer . I ca n't believe I waited feverishly for 12 years for this turkey . Where was her editor ? The book is full of hundreds of pages of needless descriptive detail that rob the story of any momentum . Auel seems to think it 's entertaining to the reader to spend nearly the whole book inside her characters ' heads . This one is even worse than that prehistoric romance novel , The Mammoth Hunters . She labored for 12 years and produced this ? Give me a break !
 I just read about 80 negative reviews of SoS and agree with most of them ... . but not many people seem to wonder who actually wrote the book . A diligent secretary who cut and pasted , a diligent fact-finder , plus someone to spead the stuff out for 700 pages ? I can hardly believe Auel herself wrote this incredibly dreary tale . It took me 4 months to wade through , using it to cure insomnia ... has Jean Auel had a stroke or something and noone told us ?
 Got this book as a Christmas gift at my request because I , like a great many other people , waited a long , long , long time for the fifth book to appear . How do I tell my son what a horrendous waste of his money this book was ! I have read the other reviews so I wo n't go into great detail . The one-star reviews said it all for me . Do n't want to risk being as REPETITIVE as the author . However , quoting P.T. Barnum , `` There 's a sucker born every minute '' . How true ... I 'm one of them . Terrible book . If you feel you must read it , get it at the library .
 I was so disappointed in this book . 741 pages of not a whole lot happening . Ayla and Jondalar finally made it to the Zelandonii people to meet his family and friends . They get married . She has her baby . That 's the whole book in a nutshell . So what was on those 741 pages ? Ayla meets every single person that Jondalar knows and we get to read about their formal introduction each and every time . Sometimes the intros take a half a page . Ayla gives her formal titles each and every time as well . Each and every person who meets her hears about how 2 horses and a wolf came to be her companions -- and we do too even though we already knew about it 2-3 books ago . A lengthy three page poem about Mother Earth -- we are treated to this not once but THREE times . Was Jean Auel 's editor sick or on vacation ? As always , Ayla is a compelling character and Auel 's descriptions of stone age life are fascinating but there is n't a lot of meat to this book and hardly any conflict . You keep waiting for something to happen but it never does .
 This book is MADE of stone -- and prehistoric conversation . Endless and infuriating recapitulations , a lethargic pace , non-plot , characters with not a whit of life to them , useless , tedious , drawn-out descriptions of rocks and topography , and worst of all , dialogue that would disgrace one of those softcover books that fifth-graders buy in school . Have I left anything out ? I wonder if Jean Auel ever did have anything to offer besides earnestness and a certain tempo . `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' has been blown up with helium four times , each time with less and less content and more and more pages . I have read every page she 's written up to now and I feel foolish for having done so .
 I just finished reading * Shelters of Stone * after it sat on my bookcase for almost four years . I enjoyed all four of the preceding novels . Therefore , I forsook my '39 page rule ' -LRB- if the author has n't hooked me by the 39th page , I give the book away . -RRB- I expected that in almost 800-pages , Ms. Jean would get around to introducing new concepts , new cultures , new ` happenings ' , or new stuff . But * SoS * turned into a repetitious travelogue of * Plains of Passage * . It is long , ponderous , dull , and boring!I was astounded when I noticed that this is review # 756 , and the average rating is 2.5 stars . Look at the bell-shaped curve of 1 and 2 star reviews predominating , tapering to the least amount of 5 and 4 star reviews.The story dies after page 200 , the author seemingly tired of writing the book and proceeded to pad it with 570 more pages of repetitive recollections from past novels instead of finishing it off in 400 pages . Perhaps Ms. Auel was paid by the word!But I kept plugging away , getting more and more upset at Ms. Auel for explaining almost everything repeatedly -- the long-winded name introductions ; the stories of finding and domesticating her animals ; the customs of the Clan , how much an angry Brukenval looked like her old tormenter Broud . Even the ` sharing Pleasures ' parts were repetitious . And when the ` The Mother 's Song ' was repeated for the 17th time , I almost gagged.What 's also bad about this mammoth effort is that nothing happens . No new inventions and no new places -LRB- other than some under-described caves and cave paintings -RRB- . She introduces new characters , but most are one-dimensional and uninteresting . The ones who do show some promise -- like Brukenval , or Larimar the brewer , Echozar of the mixed spirits , or even the ponderous Zenandoni are neglected , under-described , or under-utilized . Auel prefers her repetition to fleshing out these characters , creating interest , and advancing the story line.In the previous novels Ayla and Jondalar were responsible for most of the technological and philosophical advancements of humankind to that point
 Other reviews here are pretty blunt about the weaknesses of not only the 5th book in the Earth 's Children series , but of the growing problem since The Mammoth Hunters.I am a great fan of the series . I enjoyed learning about the theoretical and practical landscape of the time period . I would think about a description of a plant and try to relate it to something I might find in my backyard , or imagine gouging out a slab of wood to make a bowl , or picture the handworking of a hide.Ayla is meant to be `` every woman '' , so it 's through her we 're introduced to insights and inventions and deep observation . I am sorry that Ms. Auel did n't think to hand more of these to other characters , and have the main characters carry them along on their Journey . The Plains of Passage alone would have been much improved , as well as truer to the nature of discovery and invention.I have always been disappointed in Jondalar 's dimensionless character . He 's not a match for Ayla . As it stands , he 's barely there . He was a one-dimensional , homesick worrier on his brother 's Journey in The Valley of Horses . A self-pitying mess in The Mammoth Hunters -LRB- I actively disliked him and could n't understand why Ayla would love him at all by the end of that book -RRB- and a selfish , annoying worrier in The Plains of Passage . By Shelters of Stone , he lives up to his potential . With nothing left to worry about he 's barely present except to agree with everything Ayla says or thinks.There was so much that could have been made of him , especially in this book . Ayla is a stranger and he is home . That theme was reduced to a one-liner in Plains of Passage . Imagine how that might feel ; what tensions it SHOULD have created between them . He 's welcome , she 's excluded . Her fondness for flatheads and the -LRB- completely forgotten and unlived upto -RRB- hatred of them by the Zelandoni people . Jondalar suffered -LRB- interminably -RRB- through self-doubt in Mammoth Hunters , yet did n't flinch a moment once he was home . -LRB- Where , in the face of his friends and family and witnesses to his childhood indescretions , one could reasonably assume he 'd have at least an uncomfortable moment . -RRB- Ms. Auel was at great pains to explain the kinship debts and value-exchanges between peoples . Yet , Ayla 's foreign origins are glossed over and made trivial except as tension from a single misbegotten Zelandonii drunkard . This alone should have been explored and shown to be deeply difficult . Status was , and is , a hotly contested reality even today . Anyone who 's worked in an office and had to settle for the broken stapler and a small cubicle would understand it.How would they handle a woman without status , and no visible wealth , without knowable ties mating into a well-placed family ? Why was n't there more dissention and why was n't Ayla involved ? Why would n't Jondalar lose status ? In my opinion , he should have . His family should object , not everyone should automatically love her . It would set up some good tension and give Ayla something to overcome.I appreciated a great deal about The Shelters of Stone . As another reviewer pointed out , not all conflict is overt . Ayla makes enemies here . -LRB- although I note , she is never ` responsible ' for it . -RRB- Peer pressure and conflict is introduced . Inability to overcome prejudice and fear . I liked the author 's poem-song , very much . I was rather sorry she beat it to death.Ms . Auel explores more deeply the concepts and ideas that might have surrounded death , mating , and conception . I truly liked reading the reactions of some people , like Denanna , -LRB- who were n't demonized first , that is -RRB- to new ideas . We do n't fall in love with new ideas immediately , and human nature has n't changed that much in 35,000 years ! I also liked reading about reasons that a large populace might break itself into smaller settlements , and even hints about the origins of all the settlements throughout the books . I liked the exploration of the Zelandonii homelands , the cave painting descriptions , and the spiritual side of the people brought to life.However , I have to agree that the Ayla character has suffered in the last books , as well . Though independent , smart , and willful she was n't perfect . She made mistakes . Now she 's become cardboard ; she never does . If someone dislikes her , there 's always an underlying indirect cause . She 's always happy , content , and able to relate . She only gets angry on behalf of someone else . She 's lost her humanity.I 'm with other reviewers on this score . Not everyone has to think she 's nice and beautiful . More people should be envious because she 's given status they will never see , some should hate her because she brings uncomfortable change , some because she is rather arrogant , or because she has no compunction about challenging their long-held beliefs.Agents of change cause conflict . Where is that in the portrayal of Ayla and the society she 's trying join ? We 've been promised it through thousands of pages . Here we are ! And what happens ? Nothing.The only conflict we 're given is weak ; caused by spite and mental problems . That 's not only insulting to the established storyline , it 's weak storytelling . People are n't that polar . There are any number of shades of feeling . Ms. Auel did the same with Frebec in The Mammoth Hunters and it was every bit as disappointing then . Why could n't Frebec keep right on hating her ? He valued normal and she was anything but.I also have to take exception with a tone change in The Plains of Passage and The Shelters of Stone . In these last two books there are polemic passages . Using supposition and fiction to draw parallels with modern views and comparing those views disfavorably . I 'm a feminist , and I abhor vilification and intolerance , but I do n't think that living 35,000 years ago made mankind perfect or astoundingly open-minded . Finally , I have to agree with the repetition problem . I firmly believe that the allowance of chunks of repetitious and tedious material is due to the length of time between books ; to give us something hefty to read in exchange for the increasingly long waits.If I had the ear of the editors , I 'd recommend not doing so . I 'll be honest , if I was n't hooked on Ayla 's story , I 'd have stopped with Plains of Passage . I just want to find out what the denouement of the story will be at this point . I skip-read a lot of Plains of Passage and The Shelters of Stone . You could be winning whole new fans of the series with a solid , 350-page engaging story rather than frustrating series fans with a 750-page tedious one.Charlene Dewbre
 Oh , I hate to write this , but Shelters of Stone is a TREMENDOUS disappointment ! Stephen King often says that he is accused of having `` diarhhea of the word processor , '' but that condition is better applied to Ms. Auel and this monstrosity.To bring you up to speed
 Oh Goddess , deliver me from the interminable sex scenes that were about as repetitious -LRB- not to mention stiltedly , embarrassingly worded -RRB- as those with my comatose , alcoholic ex . Ughh . I actually cringed in some parts ... ! Aside from the `` tumescent manhood '' references , what else can I say about this book that has not already been said by legions of pissed-off reviewers?Yeah , I 'm an Auel freak , yeah , I 've waited forever for this book , yeah , I paid full price for it at the buttcrack of dawn the first day it went on sale -LRB- which I never do , being too cheap to buy hardcovers ever , but this was the long-awaited AYLA book ! -RRB- . The repetitive , pages-long introductions , the collective amazement as Ayla reinvents everything from fire to sewing needles to possibly deodorant pantyshields with wings , gets old in a hurry . The new information in this book could have been boiled down and extracted to maybe 200 pages . It 's been a long time , but I 'm not quite suffering from Alzheimer 's yet , and it was rather insulting to be handed , verbatim , chunks of the other volumes and endless explanations.There * was * a part where I was moved to tears , but for the life of me I ca n't remember when ... I gave this two stars instead of one -LRB- and had there been a no-star rating I would have given it one -RRB- due to the fact that -- despite Ayla turning into the Martha Stewart/Barbie/Britney Cavegirl Conglomeration from ... , it was nice to wander back into her world again . Like coming home.Way too many characters with forgettable , silly names -LRB- did she really have to name the baby Jonayla ?! -RRB- . A few well-developed , multidimensional characters -- as in the first book or __ The Mammoth Hunters __ -- would have done more for the story . I spent way too much time flipping to the back to keep everyone straight , and for folk who were mentioned once or twice , unimportant to the story , and then forgotten.Jondalar turned into a slavish , dumb lug , which was disappointing -LRB- I kept picturing him looking like a slackjawed Fabio clone -RRB- . His undying adoration wore thin after a few pages . And Ayla -- I used to love her , but lordy , has she morphed ! The only interesting character in this story was Zelandonii.I did so want to say something positive about this book . I even reread it . Ayla 's world , even the Paleolithically perfect one she now dwells in , is preferable to mine , and it does provide escapism . But I think next time I 'll settle down with one of the first three , and hope that Book Six is better!In the meantime , I 'm putting my copy up on -LSB- local store -RSB- for the bargain price of -LSB- price -RSB- or so , if anyone wants it . There sure are alot of copies up there ...
 Do the bad guys have Jean Auel tied up in the laundry room ? That 's my theory after reading ... what 's it called ? The Mountain of Mediocrity ? The Ravine of Redundancy ? The Boulders of Boredom ? Oh , right -- `` The Shelters of Stone '' . This reputedly took twelve years to write , and seemed to take at least that long to read.I usually enjoy kvetching as much as the next person -- OK , probably more than the next person -- but it truly pains me to pan `` Shelters of Stone '' . I 've been a fan since `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' , and have read all Jean Auel 's previous books many times . Like other fans , I looked forward to this book , and I * wanted * to like it -- but SOS -LRB- note initials ; they 're appropriate -RRB- is the literary equivalent of a clip show , and not even one which put any thought into selecting clips.As far back as `` Valley of the Horses '' , Auel included expository flashbacks so new readers could keep up . While * some * explanation might be necessary , the flashback problem has increased exponentially with each successive book in the series , and at this point , it 's truly unwieldy and distracting.It seemed as though * everything * that happened in SOS recalled some similar incident in the past that then , of course , had to be dredged up . Entire chunks of all four previous books appear to have been recollected verbatim . At one point , Ayla encounters opposition from Labrador , the dirtball town drunk , and wonders whether she 'll have to demonstrate her firestones to win him over , as she did with Freebird , the dirtball town drunk of the Mamutoi , who opposed her two books ago in `` Mammoth Hunters '' . When even the * character * is rolling her eyes and thinking , `` Oh , no ! THIS again ? '' , you know the well is running dry.In addition to over-reliance on flashbacks , the book is * internally * repetitious . The same scenes , conversations , explanations , and introductions -- zillions of introductions , with all of everybody 's names , titles , and affiliations -- and -LRB- Goddess help us all ! -RRB- that long-winded poem/song -LRB- which was n't riveting the first time around , let alone the third -RRB- are repeated , not just once or twice , but what seems to be every few pages . Then they 're repeated again . And again . It 's not only repetitious , it 's redundant . Very redundant . The same thing over and over . She goes on and on . She does n't seem to know when to quit . Sorta like this paragraph . Boring ? Annoying ? You betcha.Worse , for all the book 's cumbersome length and wordiness , it does n't seem to actually * go * anywhere or * do * anything . Pages and pages are spent on obviously painstakingly researched factual information about various flora and fauna , which I enjoy -- * up to a point * -- and which probably would have enhanced the story if it had been applied with a more sparing hand ... And , oh yeah -- if the book had * had * a story . There was potential here , which never got fully realized . Auel ended the previous book with Ayla and Jondalar arriving at the caves of the Zelandonii , and at the end of this book , 700-some pages later , that 's pretty much where they still are.The many confusingly named characters -LRB- there 's a glossary in back , but I was already doing enough page-skipping as it was -RRB- , basically just milled around . The good guys and bad guys are equally bland , and no character is developed to the extent of , say , Creb in `` Clan '' or Talut in `` Mammoth Hunters '' . If Auel felt she had to write a book this long , some of the space might have been better utilized by creating characters with depth and complexity , and giving them something interesting to do , instead of yet another description of the medicinal properties of such-and-such plant.We 're repeatedly set up for * something * to happen
 I am a big fan of the Earth 's Children series and was looking forward to reading the latest novel . There appeared to be no major plot developed in this book . The repition drove me insane -- how many times can you describe how to `` introduce '' yourself to wolf -LRB- in excessive detail -RRB- ? How many times can you describe how Ayla came to tame a wild horse -LRB- in excessive detail -RRB- ? I believe that the book did a good job of setting up the final book in the series , but I am confident that I could have skipped book 5 and not missed anything of importance .
 Like the other reviewers , I was profoundly disappointedin this book.I was a loyal Auel reader for her first four , thoughadmittedly they descended into mostly tedious botanicaldescriptions and repetitive sex scenes by the third andfourth books.There was so much potential in _ Shelters of Stone _ -- apregnancy , marriage , Other-Clan relations , intrigue.But none of it is developed . I ca n't believe how muchtime Auel spends on inane repetition of details fromthe earlier books , and on incredibly annoying sidecomments to the reader about scenery and reasons fortraditions . -LRB- A good author makes those clear fromthe story . -RRB- Much of the book reads like a bad home movie , withno editing -- for instance , we read about how Ayla wasthinking of stopping to say hello to Folara , and thenhow she does but Folara is a little bit busy rightnow , so they decide to talk later when she gets achance . I mean , please . Who needs to read that ?? My eyes started to glaze over at around page 200 , whenreally there had been no plot development whatsoever.This book reminded me of the movie _ The English Patient _ -LRB- though if possible , it 's worse -RRB- -- the darn thing goeson about three times as long as it needs to . Really , for the number of years Auel spent on this book , she hasproduced a surprisingly poor result.I wish that a loyal Auel fan would condense/edit/revisethis book and add some punch to the plot . There area lot of people who would really like to read about whathappens to Ayla . But please , not another thousandthidentical breast - > oralsex - > intercourse scene .
 I 've enjoyed the other books in this series , but the newest book in the `` Earth 's Children '' series was not worth the wait or the price . There is very little plot here - Ayla and Jondalar arrive at his home , and meet the family and tribe . The relatives have no personality to speak of ; they are Ozzie and Harriet cut-outs who are won over to Ayla in a few seconds . The paragraph-long introductions of people to one another with all their ties , etc. quickly becomes interminable - the book could have dropped a good 50 pages or more if this had been eliminated . There is no way you will actually read through them all . Auel does n't go in-depth enough with her research results to hold my interest . Looking into the crafts and techniques of the times could have been interesting . The conversations between characters are ludicrous and the logic mystifying . I mean , you have a people that ca n't think up an imaginative name -LRB- and just use numbers for each cave address -RRB- for where they live but can rattle off complicated mathematical descriptions of flint flakes -LRB- bifacial lateral triangles -RRB- . Yeah , sure . There are many little plot-lettes - scenes that could have been expanded into an actual story line but are never explored . The `` bad '' guys do n't do much more than plan one practical joke and throw a hissy fit . Maybe Auel will follow-up on some things in her next book , but at this point , I do n't care what happens to any of them . Auel has cheated her audience .
 This book was a disappointment . Like so many others , I had fallen in love with the characters and could n't wait to see what would happen when Ayla finally met Jondalar 's people . Talk about a let-down ! Clan of the Cave Bear was such a good story with well-developed characters whom we got to know well . Even the minor characters were developed ; for example , we knew that Ovra was shy and reticent , that Aba and Aga picked on Ayla in the hope of building themselves up in Broud 's eyes , that Ika was friendly and outgoing , and that Goov loved his mentor and adored his barren wife . Even those most minor of characters were real people . The plot-line was solid ; Ayla had lost her family and had to learn to fit in with a completely different type of people to whom she could not even speak . The only thing I never liked about that book was the long passages describing the flora and fauna ; it would have been far better for Mrs Auel to work her research into her storyline . Instead , the research was completely separate . But my sister liked those research passages , and we all loved the book.The Valley of Horses was compelling . I got bored with the long-winded descriptions of how to make a boat , but the characters were again richly developed . The conflict between Jondalar and Ayla as they struggle with their different backgrounds was realistic and gripping . The reader became a part of the struggle and desperately wanted these two to get together and accept their love . It was very emotionally stirring with a solid plotline
 Pre-historic drivel ... I forced myself to read almost every word ... the alternative entertainment would be drilling holes in my head with a slow drill . Even the sex scenes were cut and pasted from earlier work ... And how many dramatic inventions and cultural innovations can one gorgeous 19 year old come up with ? Please ... And we had a contest at our house
 Only once before in my life have I failed to finish a book because it was too bad to continue ; The Shelters of Stone makes that twice . Not since Clan of the Cave Bear , and perhaps Valley of Horses -LRB- which was good , if not as engrossing -RRB- has Auel turned out a really good story . Quite frankly , all I remember of the third and fourth books is that every time you turned the page , they were having sex again . The story line in The Shelters of Stone is not only boring , but the language is stilted and bland , and not at all helped by the fact that Ayla -LRB- a character I used to admire -RRB- seems to feel she must explain every little detail of life , over and over ... and over , pointing out repeatedly how she knows and understands what nobody else does . Why did I buy the book ? Once again , I had hoped that Auel had returned to the style of her original Clan of the Cave Bear , only to find she had not only continued her bland style from the last two books , but it 's actually gotten worse ! -LRB- Makes you wonder , quite frankly , who 's been writing what . -RRB- Well , on the bright side , the book is thick enough to make a good doorstop .
 It was with great joy that I discovered the 5th book was finally being released . That joy dampened with each page I turned . It is never a good thing when a reader can literally skip several pages without missing a plot point . Very few novels need to be this length , Shelters of Stone is not an exception to this rule.Ayla and Jondalar finally reach his home . The cave with the great overhanging stone eluded to in The Clan of the Cave Bear . Once there , Ayla meets Jondalar 's extensive - extended family and gets ready to finally celebrate their matrimonial . There are several characters who naturally cause minor -LRB- and I do mean minor -RRB- problems for the super-couple but they are easily overcome . Eventually they marry , start a home and Ayla delivers her new baby , Jonayla . I have to agree wholeheartedly with a previous review that said Ayla treats the birth of her child and the child itself almost as an afterthought.It is inconceivable that a woman who was forced to abandon her first child and misses him to the point of obsession can be so cavalier about the new one . After the harrowing birth of Durc , this was a minor point in the novel . She does look at the child and her reaction , `` Look darling we had a baby ! Is n't that special ? `` My 2 major complaints are the mountain of useless descriptions of the flora and fauna of the area and the endless round of introductions . It could be argued in `` The Plains of Passage '' that such pages of descriptions were important as they journeyed across Europe . Here , they add ZERO to the plot . It 's not necessary and frankly , it 's boring . It does seem as though Jean wants to justify her years of research by throwing it all at us in one fell swoop . As for the ` formal introductions '
 I was so disappointed and bored with this book . So many passages are repeated and so much that I wanted to scream ! I felt the book was so dry it could have fell apart in my hands . The other books in the series had life , adventure , and character personality that drew the reader in . Not so here . She fills the pages with boring detailed landscape descriptions that made me want to cry ! I thought if I had to read through one more repeated `` formal introduction '' or sexual encounter between Ayla and Jondalar that she reused and reused through the book I would cry . I truly feel she threw this nonsense together to take monetary advantage of those of us who had enjoyed the first books . I really expected better . What a waste of my money and time .
 I was excited to get this book , but quickly became disappointed in it . I almost started counting how many times someone remarked on what a beautiful couple Ayla and Jondalar make . There is no focus . The point of view is so spread around I started expecting to see points of view from various animals who happened to see the couple . In her earlier books , she had that tight focus of one or two points of view , which made for more tension and drew the reader into the characters . Not in this one.And the constant repititions of observations and various processes for making things made up at least a third of the book.So I ask - where was her editor ? Was Ms. Auel padding for word count ? She dragged a simple story into a huge , boring tome . As much as I want to see what happens next , if her next book looks as large , I wo n't waste my money on the hardcover ...
 I personally bought this book , read it all the way through , and have read all of Jean Auel 's previous books in this series . Of them , `` The Valley of Horses '' -LRB- arguably her best book -RRB- was terrifically engaging , mainly because the sexual tension between Ayla and Jondalar was so intense ... every reader MUST have had an orgasm when the characters FINALLY did . However , it must be said that `` Shelters of Stone '' probably is a waste of time and money . Among its most noticeable flaws are these
 Jean Auel is a thougtful and entertaining Storyteller . I gave her latest entry to the Earth 's Children Series an extra star simply because she does have masterful ability when turning a true tale of fiction -- as was done in `` Clan '' and `` Valley '' . This installment , however , is nothing more than a recitation of archeological and prehistoric research facts , coupled with excerpts from previous books in the series . The detailed and often boring descriptions of local fauna , rock formations , and environmental evolution reads almost schorlarly.While it is not surprising that she has become an educated and skilled researcher over the years . I do , however , miss the characters and the simple story ! When I pick up a book of this type I want to be entertained , not educated.I guess Jean 's writing like our species also had to evolve . Too bad it went commercial and she could not continue to humbly tell the story of a few larger than life characters while sitting at the kitchen table . I am disappointed in this book but I , like many others , will eagerly run and purchase the last installment immediately upon release . She is after all Jean Auel -- an All - American success story !
 How many times do I have to be told about the reactions people have when introduced to Whinney , Racer , or Wolf ? How many times do I need to hear about how perfect Ayla is ? I found myself skimming pages to get to the meat of the story . Very tedious and very disappointing . It troubled me to write this review.I was so looking forward to reading the latest in The Earth 's Children Series as I enjoyed the previous novels . I am sad to say I do n't know if I will read the next one . The entire plot could have been written in just a few chapters .
 Ca n't believe I waited so long for this ... Most reviewers already mentioned the endless landscape and flora descriptions and the total lack of action . No body seemed to have written about the sex scenes
 ... hindsight being 20/20 , I would have wished that Auel had spent an ADDITIONAL 12 years revising this book and gotten a better editor instead of dumping this horrible parody of our beloved Ayla on her fan kingdom . Not even a brief `` thank you for your patience '' on her dedication page to all of us who put her financial portfolio in the stratosphere these 20 + years.It apprears she took her loyal readers for granted in a big way . It 's obvious from the writing that she does n't care about her characters or fans anymore . That 's her right . It 's also my right not to buy any more books from her - not that she needs the bucks.This book was an insult to her fan 's intelligence . She wrote it like we had complete amnesia about Ayla 's previous exploits . It was like she was more concerned with making the last 4 books understandable to a brand-new reader - as if any new reader to Auel would pick up book # 5 from her series on purpose!My biggest gripe -LRB- and they are legion -RRB- is the spooky feeling that Auel did n't really write this book . It 's hard to put a finger on , but the writing just does n't have the same `` punch '' as the last 4 . I think she simply lost her momentum and interest for the story in 12 years . It 's obvious that her interests lie more with the archaeology/anthropology aspect than with the creative writing aspect - and it shows.I still give Auel kudos on her prior masterpieces - she deserves them , but I 'll be very cautious about anything else she writes from this point forward , and I wo n't buy her books sight unseen . I 'll read them from the library first!Jean , I hope you read all these reviews and take them to heart . We love Ayla 's story , but are real disappointed in this offering . Fire your editor , and spend more time with your character 's lives . Use your prodigious research to enhance the story , not detract from it .
 i have e-mailed your company twice now about my book missing pages . would really like to know if i am going to get one in return with all the pages in it or what . when someone pays for something , they expect it all to be there . Althea Chapman
 There is nothing new in this book . Its like the authorcompressed her previous books in this new one . It readslike a soap opera
 This book is tiresome ! Took real effort to read it all the way to the end . I was very much looking forward to this book which turned out to be a real snore . By the end of the first hundred pages I felt like Ayla was a prehistoric McGyver . Good grief , the needle , bow and arrow , etc. , I wondering how it was she did n't invent electricity -LRB- wait , no , that was Ben Franklin -RRB- . The effort to get to the end of definitely not worth it .
 Extremely disappointed after so long a wait ! This book was overly long with much repetition not only from previous books , which I understand , but within the same story . Enough with `` The Mother 's Song '' ! I found the writing poor and not engaging , character development lacking and far too much time spent on describing , very confusingly , the `` cave '' environment and surrounding landscape . Here 's a thought ... illustrations !! The `` map '' inside the covers did not help ! This seems to be such an interesting time in human history but Auel fails to really address this fully . The descriptions of how things were done -LRB- i.e. cooking , tanning hides , etc. -RRB- were great but ... as an Art History student I was hoping that she might take the cave art aspect and its possible meanings a bit farther . She starts to but then seems to have forgotten that particular plot line and it just peters out . Too bad . Ca n't say as I 'm eagerly awaiting the next one .
 Jean Auel should return any and all monies she received from the sale of this book to all the tortured readers who had to endure it !
 For me , this series began phenomenally -LRB- Clan -RRB- and has slowly but steadily gotten worse . Auel seems to have run low on ideas and resorts instead to recycling material from the previous books . This 5th book is particularly bad about repeating what happened in the previous 4 ; I got sick of Ayla re-telling some facet of her life 's story to every new person she meets . Even if Auel wants to remind us of some of the other books ' details , she could have done so much more succintly . Also , she is more repetitive of story ideas than ever -- Ayla heals someone to prove she 's a great medicine woman , Ayla goes on a hunt , Ayla proves the value of the horses to everyone , Ayla is ostracized by some people for her Clan background , Ayla forms a special bond with someone who is crippled , blah blah ... I understand a lot was n't going on in the Stone Age , but if you have to repeat some elements of previous stories or some ideas , they certainly do n't warrant the same elaboration as in previous books . It says a lot , to me , that I could read the first sentence of every paragraph and occasionally a smidge more and not feel lost in the slightest as to what was going on . Over 700 pages ? Please ! Less is more , Jean.With that said , I could n't stop skimming the story . As much as I hated having to filter through this vastly over-long book -LRB- even the sex scenes were overwritten , as someone else pointed out , and how many more ridiculous euphesism can we take , really ? -RRB- , I became so interested in Ayla 's life in the first three books that I forced myself through this 5th one as I did through the slow parts of 4 and will through 6 , and I think fans will find it fun to play in the Stone Age again even if ultimately not much happens.As literature goes -- a really terribly book ; as quick reads go , not the worst you could pick .
 Just as many other readers , I had almost given up on this series after the last book , but considering Ms. Auel spent so many years on this one , I thought she might offer her readers a fresh and intriguing sequel in The Shelters of Stone.NOT SO ... reading 800 pages of bland jibberish is what makes me disappointed . She did n't even have a plot to the story ! I appreciated her descriptions of the land and the crafts of the people in the other books as it was a part of the story . This time around , the scenery WAS the story . Did Ms. Auel write this book right after Plains of Passage and simply decide to publish it several years later to build a craving for this release ? I thought Plains of passage was weak . I could have written a better sequel.Bottom line
 I too had been anxiously awaiting the next in the series of `` Earth 's Children '' . Reviewing earlier plots was fine with me because I had forgotten a lot since the last book . But the book was basically boring . I was anxious for it to end . The worst segment was the complete details about the burial of the man who was crushed by a bison . It just went on and on and on . I would n't want to know that much about the burial of any person . And she kept repeating that poem about mother earth . I kept waiting for some conflict with the persons that did n't like Ayla but it never happened . The characters just sounded too modern for the era it represented .
 It seems that Auel was being paid by the word in this 5th book in her series . There is so much repetition and review that a fan of her previous books could skip pages at a time and not miss a single thing . Shallow characters , NO engrossing story lines or characture clashes , and not more than a glimpse of Ayla and Jondalar 's new life together . Boring . Take out all the mindless erotica -LRB- that I skip anyway and always have -RRB- , and about half of the flora and fauna descriptions , and every single recitation of the poem , and you will have a 100 page book to segway on to book number 6 . I rushed to get one of the first hardback copies of this book . It was a waste of money and reading time . For the next addition to the series , I 'll put my name on the waiting list at the library ... if there even is one .
 What a disappointment . As an avid `` Earth 's Children '' series reader , I waited with breathless anticipation for this next book . Basically `` The Shelters of Stone '' can be summed up as a rehash of previous books , absolutely no plot and no lead-in to the next book . Have n't been this disappointed since `` Star Wars
 I was eagerly awaiting the 5th book in the Earth 's Childern series , but it left me somewhat disappointed . In all of the previous books , there were numerous scenes of action , suspense , and intrigue . Even though they all would have the chapters of long descriptions of Pleiostcene life and ecology , they flowed better . The previous books also cover a much longer period of time . I estimated 80 % -90 % of the book takes place within the first few weeks Jondalar and Ayla return to the Zelandonii ! Around a 1/3 of it is the first day back ! It then seems Auel realizing how long the book has gotten , quickly moves ahead until its time for Ayla to have her baby . Many scenes were repetitive , Ayla and Jondalar seem to be constantly reminiscing in great detail . Even the expected controversy over her being raised by the Clan seems less dramatic . All but the dregs of Zelandonii society are quick to accept it and believe the Clan is at least worth an acknowledgement of their humanity . But , it was good enough for me to look forward to the next book . Maybe Ayla will invent agriculture or the bow and arrow ?? Or make contact with the local Clans ?
 I enjoyed the saga up to the Valley of the Horses , and was a little disppointed by The Plains of Passage . But this last book is nothing but a tedious account of the day-to-day life of some stone age tribe . It is slow , repetitive and boring . In fact it is about the only book I have n't finished in the last ten years.Just a book about the properties of plants .
 For as long as I have waited for this book , -LRB- and I went and reread all 4 previous books -RRB- it was truly disappointing . I just finished reading it this morning and I could n't believe how it ended . Absolutely nothing was resolved ! I was getting to the end and I could n't figure out how so much was going to be finished in so short a time.I have to agree with some of the other reviews that said many things were duplicated in the book . It almost seemed as if she forgot what she wrote in a previous chapter and rewrote it 2 chapters later . I also did n't like how she kept repeating `` The Mother 's Song '' , once was enough . Especially since the entire song is listed at the back of the book.I certainly hope there is another book because it will drive me nuts not to know what happens to certain characters . In her other books there were always sections that I enjoy rereading but offhand I ca n't think of anything in this book.If there is going to be another book this one is worth reading . If not , then be prepared for a disappointing ending to the series .
 What a disappointment ! I have always like the anthropology angle of the previous books in the series , but so much is repeated and unecessary I found myself skipping 5-10 pages at a time . This books is a mix between a boring high school text book and a cheap romance novel .
 What a disapppointment ! This book is tedious , over long and depressingly repetitive as Auel tries to recreate her dream world where everyone is nice to each other almost all the time . As someone who enjoyed the first three books , and sort of enjoyed the fourth -LRB- although that could have done with some cutting too -RRB- , you can give this one a miss .
 I felt quite let down by this book that we waited so long for . I found it confusing , repetitous , wordy , and lacking in follow-through . . The numbering of all of the Zelandoni caves , as well as each having a descriptive name , often confused me . Especially when Jean Auel would use the different names/numbers interchangably throughout . As with her previous books , we again find out how spear throwers came about , how to use firestones , the lay of the land , -LRB- which is good if you are an archeologist studying the Danube river region and parts of France -RRB- , and what it was like for man and beast to live in that era . I admit I skimmed and skipped many paragraphs when it became nothing but textbook material . Ayla did seem to have `` grown up '' in this book , having gained a backbone and level of maturity . But the hype of the Zelandoni 's negative attitude of the Clan was a washout . If you are wanting to read it , rent it at your local library first , before purchasing it . I 'm now glad I did n't buy it .
 I agree with a lot of the other low reviews of this book . The only good thing about it is that I borrowed it from my local library -LRB- doing so in protest of how long it took the author to release the book ! -RRB- so I did n't actually buy the thing ! There was just too much borrowed content from the previous three books , almost as if the author ran out of ideas and took from the previous three in order to fill her quota for the publisher . As a fan of the previous three books , this rehashing was totally unnecessary for much of the borrowed material was hard to forget , even if you had n't picked up and re-read any of the previous three books in that ten year span it took to finish the series . IF you 're a fan of the series and have n't read this book yet but are dying to see how it all ends , I suggest you do what I did and BORROW the book from a library so you can give it back when you 're finished !
 This book was a disappointment to me in that it became very repetitious , much more than it needed to be . Ayla and Jondalar made their way to his people , and people there do n't know what to make of her . The book goes on this way for awhile , and gets monotonous.A lot of scenery is described here as well.This is okay , but then , it just goes on a little too much . It has parts where some of the scenes get exciting , but not too often.When you read this , be prepared to yawn a little .
 Unlike the first books in this series , this book is tedious and repetitious . There is no real story or attention getting point in the whole 900 + pages . Without the long naming greetings and repeated explanations of `` feelings '' , there is nothing of interest in the book . As an avid reader and also an anthropologist , I found the descriptive passages so trivial as to make me want to stop reading . I only finished it because I was caught on the weekend without anything new to read!The period -- geographic -- descriptions were informative , but still could have ben covered in about ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- pages instead of nine hundred -LRB- 900 -RRB- . I was expecting another great book , but was greatly disappointed .
 When I first encountered the Earth 's Children series , I was enthralled , and eagerly read the first four books . It was with great anticipation that I picked up the fifth book , all the years later . Talk about a disapointment ! Ayla faces no new challenges ... it 's just the same formulas all over again . The spark has gone from the series . Even the long awaited birth of their child was boring . I hope the sixth book will be better , but I wo n't be holding my breath . The magic is gone .
 This yawner reminds me of seemingly endless car trips when I was a kid . Is it really possible that the author of `` Clan '' wrote this turkey ? - a Paleolithic soap opera drowning in herbal tea and endless introductions . I 'm thankful I checked it out from the library instead of wasting -LSB- X -RSB- + , but I still paid 30 + days of fines to tough it out to the end . I think I 'll celebrate reaching the end by brushing my teeth with a twig . -LRB- Did Jondalar use mouthwash ? I forget . -RRB-
 I have read most of the reviews and agree with most of them that it was a literary disaster.It 's difficult to believe that after a twelve year hiatus this was the result . The book is boring , repeating the saga of the previous books seemingly without end . Much of the story is concerned with repetitive long introductions which do nothing to advance a story line which never develops . Let 's finish with the medicinal value of the herbs , the wild animals as pets , the rocks and topography and the startling new weapons . We have been through that in our previous journey with the perfect couple . What I waited for was Ayala 's encounter with the clan and her son Durc ; and not an entire story only devoted to family introductions and a summer picnic.It appears the author is losing her focus .
 I had to buy this book as soon as I spotted it on the store shelf because I had absolutely loved the first four books of the series . I kept waiting for something significant to happen all the way through the story and was disappointed when nothing did . There was too much repetition throughout the whole book , from the presentation of the characters lengthy formal titles when they were introduced to one another each and every time , to Ayla 's flashbacks of her visit to the spirit world with her former clan 's mogur , to Zelandoni 's Earth Mother 's song/poem , and Ayla and Jondular 's lovemaking scenarios . I will have no desire to read any more of the series if Jean M. Auel decides to continue with it .
 The excellence of the first 4 books of this series set my expectations for the 5th book . I however am quite disappointed . The characters/situations/nuances are not nearly as well-developed as in prior books . I agree with other reviewers
 Like many others , I had impatiently awaited Ms Auel to publish No. 5 in the series . It was a long wait , almost 10 years , and for a time it seemed she disappeared off the face of the earthBefore Shelters of The Stone came out , I re-read the first 4 books , and was among the first to receive Shelters of the Stone on April 30th . However , as of today I am stuck on page 399 which contrasts with the Clan of the Cave Bear which I devoured over 1 weekend . Needless to say , this book was a let down.If one were to rate the 5 books in the series , starting with Clan of the Cave Bear most would agree with me that this one was a 5 on a scale of 5 . Valley of the Horses was also a great book and I rate this as 4 . However Mammoth Hunters was the start down a slippery slope for the series and I could only give this a 3 . It was appearent that ideas on where this series should go were in short supply at this point , but it was still an enjoyable read . Plains of Passage continued the downward slope and I must confess , even the first reading I had to skip a number of pages , the re-reading was impossible for me , so I rated it as a 2 which may be generous . I believe Jean had simply run out of ideas , hence the long wait for number 5 in the series -LRB- but 10 years ? -RRB- . Unfortunately , time did not do anything to rejuvenate the Series . To be fair , since I have not completed Shelters of the Stone I can not rate it below a 2 , but if it doesnt get any better ... So the big question is should Jean Auel even bother anymore ? I would say no , not unless she has some great ideas for the continuation or conclusion of the series that would do justice to Clan of the Cave Bear . Perhaps this one was just slapped together to reintroduce us -LRB- and her -RRB- with the story and characters before giving us the finale , but at this point I do not see where this series goes . So I will not be eagerly awaiting the next book as I was this one . When it does come out , if it does , I may wait awhile before buying it to see what people think first . But who knows , maybe I will be pleasantly surprised and she comes out with a blockbuster to match Clan of the Cave Bear .
 I 've been a huge fan of the Earth 's Children series ever since it first came out . I ca n't remember when I 've been so excited as when I heard book 5 was finally here ! I bought the first copy I could get and read like crazy , just like I did with the other books.Sadly , this book came as quite a disappointment . As others have mentioned , there is so little that is new , and scenes we had hoped for never happened -LRB- or were over so fast you wondered if these were the same people that have been talked about all along -RRB- . Over and over again we get the same stuff that 's been in previous books , and a buildup to moments that never happen -LRB- I expect they will come in Book 6 -RRB- . If you have been a fan of the series , certainly you still have to get this book and read it . I would n't have cared what anyone said , I would still buy it and read it , just as I will when the next Harry Potter book comes out . But if you are new to the series , do n't start here . And if you have read previous books and were n't all that thrilled with them , this is definitely one to skip .
 Having read her other books and waited so long for this one , I found it a disappointment . I purchased the hard cover and the unabridged tape version . For such a large book , it only covered approximately nine months of their lives . It has too much review , not enough action and way too much description . The review should mainly entice readers who have not read the previous book to do so . I grew tired of all the formal introductions ! At least , the problem with the young renegades group of Others men abusing Flat Head women should have been dealt with in this book . The description of the intimate moments ... between Ayla and Jondalar is good but becoming quite predictable . Too many loose ends were left for the next edition . Like finding additional fire stones ; Ayla catching fish wither hands ; Ayla 's acceptance of her calling and induction into the Zelandonii as a healer and `` One who serves the Mother '' ; Jondalars cousins child birth problems ; and how Ayla deals with the few enemies she has made in the 9th Cave . Can Ayla prevent the confrontation between the others and the Flat Heads ? How will Ayla deal with her fear of the next great earth quake ? I hope the next book will not be so long in coming and will cover several years in the lives of Ayla and Jondalar with a lot more action !
 I was sadly disappointed , I have been waiting for years for this book and I feel cheated . It looks more like a first scenario which lacks substance -LRB- except for the excessive geographic details -RRB- . I 'm not questioning Ms.Auel Research , obviously it 's extensive and thorough but this time it doesnt come through as it should and the plot -LRB- what there is of it -RRB- is sugarly and sketchy . It feels more like a prologue -LRB- which it probably is -RRB- to a new book , at the end you are left with a lot of loose ends , nothing is settled or properly developed . All in all a terrible let down .
 Where was the plot ? Where was the drama ? Where are the fantastic love scenes ? I loved Jean Auel 's first four novels and I highly recommend them to anyone but `` The Shelters of Stone '' was a huge disappointment .
 Like many people I was thrilled when I heard Auel was finally bringing out the long anticipated fifth book in her Earth 's Children series , so it came as a letdown when I grabbed up the book and began to devour the story only to find it repetitive and rather unexciting . I was looking forward to further adventures of Ayla and Jondalar , but was disappointed to find the majority of this book to be a tell-all about the first four books . I felt that I did n't constantly need reminding of what had happened in the other stories -LRB- if people are new to the series it is up to them to go back and read the first four books , not up to fans of the series to have to read all about them in the following books -RRB- , and when the story did try to move ahead into something new , it seemed sluggish , and slow to get anywhere.Though I will definitely read the sixth book when it comes out -LRB- and hope it is more back to what made me fall in love with this series -RRB- , I have to admit I wish I 'd waited for the paperback edition instead . * Note . Though this review says it refers to the bookcassette , please note it actually refers to the hardcover edition of the book .
 I feel like I got taken to the cleaners . Twenty years since the last sequel and this is the best Jean can come up with ? She should have already retired.The book did so much rehashing of previous plots I wanted to scream . The Mother song got way up on my last good nerve.All of the new material could have been placed in one short story . What a giant disappointment .
 I was a big fan of Auel , right until this book arrived . It 's approximately 700 pages long and it took nearly 500 pages before it starts to get interesting . I skipped chunks of pages because they are pure repitition from earlier in the book . I 'll probably buy the next one but only because of the first three and to see how it ends . Hopefully Auel wo n't let us down . If this book was half the length it would potentially have been great . I was disappointed .
 Like many readers of the Earth 's Children Series , I waited long years for this book to be released . I even took the time to reread the four previous books . I should have stopped after reading Mammoth Hunters . The plot lines ran the same course in Shelters . I was not pleased with Plains of Passage due to the transitory nature of the book and was hoping this would `` pep '' back up the series . If this is what we can expect from Ayla and friends in the future , I would aviod subsequent works . The one bright spot was the hint that the next book might provide something new . How many years will we wait and see this time ? I should have been reading my copy of Hansen and Kwaler 's `` Stellar Interiors '' for class . It would have been more enjoyable .
 I would like to begin by saying I have read and thoroughly enjoyed the entire `` Clan '' series . That was up until `` Shelters of Stone '' . I was almost entirely let down by this book due to the fact that I waited almost 6 years to read the next saga in Ayla 's life . The book seemed to lacked the heart and soul of the other books , especially `` Valley of Horses '' . I felt like she almost did n't know what to write about and all the characters and description , including Jondalar , Wolf , the horses , and even the food that had been such a big part of the previous 3 books , were forgotten about and she was trying to build and/or change Ayla into almost another character . I did enjoy the ending and I was starting to get into it . Maybe the next book will be better ; here 's to hoping for the next 6 years !!
 What do you get when you cross As The World Turns with the Flintsones ? Jean Auel 's Shelters of Stone . I really liked Clan of the Cave Bear , and Valley of the Horses was pretty good -LRB- if you overlook Ayla 's almost McGiver like ability to invent every major innovation of the neolithic period -RRB- , but this new book in the Children of Earth series falls flat in comparison.Although Auel tries to keep the same attention to detail that was obvious in her previous books , it comes across here as just page filler trying to justify the price of a 700 page hardback , and much of the descriptive passages are very repetitive in nature . The plot itself is almost non-existent and what there is of it would be more appropriate on a afternoon soap opera or the pages of a Harlequin Romance ... gratuitous sex scenes , jealous ex 's plotting revenge , and leering bad guys trying to cause trouble , all with one-demensional characterization.And , being an Anthoplogy major , I took exception to the obvious modern western mores , ethos , and cultural biases that she gave to these cro-magnon peoples . Although archeaologists have unearthed a lot of physical evidence from this period and place in history , it is a big stretch of the imagination to assume that they would react just like modern western humans to the same problems .
 The problem with this book , is that there was no way that Ayla could have met all those people at one time . So we are forced to live through the formal introductions and stating of family ties and titles ad nauseum . We are forced to read and re-read the same scenes each and every time someone meets Wolf or the horses . If that were n't problem enough , we are also forced to suffer through the telling and re-telling -LRB- to many different people -RRB- of the death of Thonolan and various other events that took place in other books ... I was so disapointed with this book . However , I am still glad I bought it and have a complete collection of the series . Let us keep a positive hope that the final book of the series will return us to the Auel writing style that we all love.I agree with everyone else about that `` mother '' song . Oh my gosh ... . get rid of it !
 The first 4 books in Jean Auel 's series captured my interest and attention totally -LRB- they were originally recommended to me by my daughter -RRB- , and I looked forward to this latest volume . As I have , for some years , been in the habit of writing thumbnail reviews of all books I read into my ` Booklover 's Journal , ' I thought I might share my entry for THE SHELTERS OF STONE with anyone who might care to read it : Following Auel 's earlier works , this diatribe was a HUGE disappointment . The novel reads as if the author had been paid by the word . It is BORING , to say the least.Auel uses totally unrealistic dialogue with her characters ... and often useless repetition ! It is a highly unsatisfying read , and words should n't even be wasted on criticizing it . It is truly a waste of time -LRB- at 753 pages -RRB- . Which is probably why I started ` skimming ' at Page 200 . I doubt , Ms Auel will have me buying the next instalment ...
 I too thought this book was well padded , too many repeated name calling .
 I am only 3/4 of the way through this book and had to check out other readers ' opinion . Yes , most everyone else like me think this book is a BIG disappointment . I 've kept going hoping a plot , a climax -LRB- not Ayla 's -RRB- would develop but it looks hopeless . Thanks to other reviewers comments I now know it ai n't gon na happen . I 'm not a writer but I think even I could have come up with a decent plot , like ... the Zelandonii , Ayla , and Jondalar all in a conflict with the Clan -- Ayla meeting Durc -- Wolf biting Zelandoni 's hand and she hauls off and wacks him -- something please happen to end this boredom !!
 I was n't far into this book when I found myself thinking this was n't Jean Auel writing it . I was very disappointed , I kept thinking SOMETHING was going to bloom into excitement but every scene fell flat . I really think someone besides Auel wrote this .
 Loved her earlier books and eagerly bought this one . By the time I plodded half way through I had a mental picture of someone learning to cut and paste . The endless repetition of the introductions , and the word Zelandoni , became most annoying . After 700 and some pages you realize the story could have been told in a couple of chapters . Wish I 'd just borrowed it from the library . I respect her extensive research but it might have been better appreciated in a non fiction form , as we were hoping for more of a story . More editing next time might help .
 I am a huge fan of the Auel series . I was disappointed with this sequel . Not only was there a lot of repitition but no controversy or passion that made the other four books excellent.I wanted controversy not a prelude to the 6th book .
 I ca n't believe this book was written my Jean Auel . I was very disappointed . It was so repetative it made you think she must have been contracted to write a certain number of pages , and with no real story line , the pages were filled with eleborate descriptions of caves , long introductions using every association the character has in their name , and the Mother Earth 's song over and over and over . I read each and every description , thinking surely there was something about this one that was pertinant to the story ... . waste of time .
 The first four books , as they originally came out , followed a consistent and attractive design pattern , thus they look like a series on your shelf and are artistically pleasing . The new binding looks completely different -- simplistic , boring -- and the text in no way lines up with that of the previous books . I do n't believe they 're going to get people to re-buy the earlier books in the new design . And the new design is not a correction to the original design . The decision makers at Crown Publishers have once again shown a lacking in sense of aesthetics and a lack of concern for their customers .
 I kept waiting to get to the interesting parts , but they never came ! This book is 95 % character development , and after such a long wait , very disappointing .
 I waited for 7 years for this book , and am sorely disappointed!I can only hope that this is an introduction to the next in the series .
 Sorry but I had alot of trouble even finishing this book . I 've read the entire series so far and enjoyed all the others . There are so many characters one needs some sort of outline to keep track of who 's who . The dialouge is extremely tedious with far too much small talk that adds nothing but words to the book . I 'm thinking Ms Auel wrote this in a hurry to fullfil a contract obligation .
 My teenage daughter and I both enjoyed reading this series . This book in particular was full of interesting insight as to how people may have lived and communicated pre-ice age . Very well written and enjoyable to read . Caution -- not for younger readers due to sexual content .
 All English teachers will agree that detail within a story is a must . They will also agree that there is a point where the detail is no longer helpful but , instead , becomes a nuisance . Jean M. Auel 's detail of Ayla 's surroundings quickly surpassed the category of descriptive writing and entered the ranks of A Bushman 's Guide To Nature . I am Only a high school student but it does n't take a professional to recognize a disaster . The story is slow and filled with useless detail . All in all I feel that Jean M. Auel should abandon any interests she may have in continuing with the series .
 Jean Auel had no story in mind when she wrote this book . Her first two were excellent but this one and the previous are dribble . If I could , I would get a refund . For sure , I 'll never buy another .
 I read all the others . They were preposterous but fun - Superwoman meets the Flintstones . This was repetitious drivel and drugery . I 'll not be reading the sixth - ever
 I waited anxiously 10 years for this book to come out . What a waste of emotion & time . The story moves at a pace similar to wood petrifying . Does Auel think her readers are all stupid ? She must , she repeats & repeats Ayla 's & everyone elses series of names , repeats not once , but over & over how each discovery was made -LRB- like using flint for fire or the sewing needle -RRB- or why Wolf is tame & how terrified Jondolar 's people are when they see him . I also thought this was the last book . I guess it 's hard to give up a cash machine like this series . I for one will not be making anymore deposits.This is my last Auel purchase . Hey Jean , reread one of your first books and go back to that imaginative , fast moving , action filled format .
 Basic writing courses teach new writers certain rules for creating great stories . Auel breaks many of them . 300 pages in , the book has become hard slogging.The worst sin is info-dumping
 Sorry Folks ... She should have quit when she was ahead . I am an avid fan of Jean Auel and also a would-be anthropologist who loves reading new information about this era & the theories of lifestyle comparison between Neanderthals & Homo Sapiens , but this pretty much bored the hell outta me!Reviewer Trish Marie summed it all up quite nicely ... tell me a story . In past novels , along with the detailed description of everything in this ice age , she did tell a great story as well and that 's where she drew her large fan-base . This book was filled with information , some very intriguing , but most of it was tedious and repetative . I too skipped numerous pages throughout , wishing something more incredible and suspenseful would happen . Instead , I was left to my own imagination as to what else could have happened to liven up the book . Could n't there have been something more intense happen in the first half of the book , other than Ayla proving she was n't embarrassed to wear boys ' winter underware in public ? And how many times did we read the detailed description of her new ideas and finds , which we had already read about in previous books ? I think I can now teach a class on how to start a fire with flint and `` firestones '' , without even have seen the stones myself.I have great respect for Ms. Auel , and have even listed her as one of my writing influences in the past . I 'm deeply sorry to say that she should have concentrated more on the story ~ breathing some life into it , or perhaps hung up her quill at the end of Mammoth Hunters . Having Ayla & Jondalar stay with the Mammoth Lodge , beginning her new family , could have been a very satisfying ending there .
 I am listening to the book on tape . It has all the hallmarks of a book that was paid for by the word . Every detail has to be repeated in excruitiating detail . And the assumptions about peoples naivtae about animal husbandry and animal behavior are just not believable . Wolves would not be novel items around settlements , and would not be as well trained just one generation out of the wild . Not believable is to put it mildly . This book reads as if it is a first draft and was never reread by the author . Shame on you Jean Auel . Clan of the cave bear was a brilliant idea . This is book reads as if you were tired of the story and paid by the word . Give it up . Start a different story . Make up something new . Please .
 I am so bored and I feel like it is a complete WASTE OF TIME . It is like a really bad soap opera - you waste your time on it because you became addicted to the series . This book is lacking everything that a devoted reader waiting 10 + years was expecting.Can Ayla do anything wrong ? Can she be any more wonderful ? What happened to the tension of her being accepted by the Ninth Cave ? Where is the fear of a foreigner with such unusual ideas ? Zelandoni , the One Who Serves , wants to reserve judgement on the `` mating '' of her and Jondular and absolutely NOTHING ever comes of it . Ayla is accepted and welcomed because she is so wonderful and since Jondular 's family does run the tribe then I guess she 's got the `` in '' . Lucky her , huh ? She becomes a Zelandonii before they even leave for Summer Meeting -LRB- around page 300 of the 750 pages -RRB- and even Joharran -LRB- Jondular 's brother and leader of the Ninth Cave -RRB- questions why she should become a Zelandonii so quickly . Does it matter ? NO ! Ridiculous.Way too much repitition of everyone having to reach down and let Wolf sniff their hand , showing everyone how to use the amazing firestarters , which tea concoction should she try today ? , is n't she just beautiful and would you expect Jondular to bring home a woman to be his mate that was any different ? By page 350 I found myself skipping all the descriptions of the surrounding rocks , caves , and rivers and it was very easy to put the book down for any trivial interruption!This book is simply filled with nothing . I am very grateful that I borrowed it from the library and did n't spend a dime on it . Not worth a penny so do n't waste your time which is worth a lot more than that .
 Summary
 About a year ago , a friend of mine recommended this series which she described as `` caveman porn , but good caveman porn . '' I have to say that despite her all too accurate summary , I was extremely disappointed that it was n't more than just that . I 'm young enough to have missed all the hype about these books when they were released so I was n't really expecting much , but after reading the excellent first book , I really wanted something more than just a couple thousand pages of repetitive sex , no matter how well written the descriptions of prehistoric life were or how well researched . What happened to the social commentary ? What happened to the depiction of being a misfit of society ? What happened to Ayla being the link between two tribes of people who ostensibly have nothing in common ? What happened to the underlying theme of what defines our humanity ? Maybe the sixth book with deal with the interactions between the Clan and the Zelandonii , but after the 2nd , 3rd , 4th , and 5th books , I 'm not too hopeful .
 I happened to pick up this book at a book exchange at a hotel in Stockholm ; I had never heard of the author but this was the only English book in a sea of Swedish ones :-| Initially I picked it up just to pass the time for a few min till the shuttle took me to the airport , but the first 25 pages were interesting enough so I decided to take it with me.It did help me pass the time for the next 10 hrs or so waiting in lines and at gates at airports and on planes - not having read anything else in the series , it was n't too terrible to read the backstories , but even I felt that the book could have done with several hundred fewer pages . I found myself skipping significant portions of the descriptions just to get to the story bits.Things I concur with other reviewers1 . Heroine as superwoman syndrome - can do no wrong -LRB- except as someone noted , carry a tune -RRB- 2 . Very stilted dialog3 . Some terrible romance novelish sex scenes4 . The endless repetition of the taming the wolf , birth pains for durc and medicine woman training storiesI wonder if there 's an abridged ` for kids ' version of this series - that might not be too bad ...
 I LOVED this series , until I got to this book . To tell you how bored I was with this book , it took me almost a year to read it , and I normally can read a book that size in about 3 days . Needless to say , I found the storyline extrememly dry , and the conflicts she had to deal with never amounted to anything . Granted , some of this may come to a head in the next and last book , but for this book , there just was n't anything to keep my interest . Towards the end of the book I became slightly more intrigued as to what would be happening to the characters , but in a book of this length it should n't take that long to get interesting . All in all , I am highly disappointed in this book . I have hopes that the next book will be more stimulating .
 Basically everything was explained over again in this novel . I understand that they had to explain to the Zelandonii & the members of their cave , but Ms. Auel should know that WE KNOW what happened . Why make us read the same events over and over again ? Why could n't she just said `` Ayla explained about how she discovered the firestones '' that would have made me feel better . I read somewhere that this book is a buildup for the next book , that makes sense with the introduction of ALL the members of this cave , to explain each status & how they feel about Ayla individually , But Still ... This book is overly repititious in every way . How many times do we have to hear about her unusual accent ? YES WE KNOW !! How many times about the firestones ? YES WE KNOW !! How many times about her animals ? YES WE KNOW !! Although I found about the whole novel completely annoying , I did enjoy the Summer meeting & when Ayla does deliever her child . That , for me was thrilling . I 've read each novel , and I 'm so glad that she finally is having a child.I think this is actually a good book for people who have never read the other books . It would make more sense . It almost covers EVERYTHING in every book.I was lucky enough to read the previous novels about a year and a half before this one was released . I feel sorry for the people have waited and waited for 12 years for this book they could 've written theirselves.I will read the next novel when it comes out . I PRAY that it will be less repitious . I 'm curious to know what happens to Brukevel , the man who is half-flathead -LRB- clan -RRB- who needs mass-therapy .
 ... Egads , what a let-down . I wo n't repeat the criticisms so eloquently conveyed in the other reviews on this page -LRB- 99 percent of which I agree with , especially the ones that point out that Auel smuggles in a geography lesson and calls it a story because she could n't come up with one -RRB- , but I would like to add one point of my own about why I 'm so disappointed : After 4 books of being told how Jondalar 's people wo n't accept a woman who had borne the child of a `` flathead '' and dreading the struggles she would face when she finally arrived , we find these Zelandonocrats to be a California-style culture who receive the news with a shrug and a `` whatever '' attitude , and now it 's time for Lamaze class . They 'll probably invent the analyst 's couch and liposuction before they get around to inventing the wheel.And I waited 12 years for this ? Come on , Jean , I know you can do better . Ca n't you ???
 I anxiously awaited Book 5 for several years after reading the first four , all of which I really enjoyed . The story started off ok -LRB- more of the same -RRB- , but included waaaaay too many recaps . I assume most readers have already read the first four books , and probably did n't enjoy this either . The second half -LRB- or two-thirds maybe ? -RRB- of the book were not good . The story was rushed , missing detail and left me wondering if it was even written by Jean Auel , or if she handed it off to someone else to finish it in time for the release . Overall , not worth it . Clan of the Cave Bears will always be the best .
 I thought from the beginning of the series that Auel created a good fantasy story . As a writer , however , she lacks rhythm and fluidity , and she does n't know to cut to the chase . There were many parts of the books preceding `` Shelters of Stone '' where I found myself wondering whether an editor had seen the ms. The writing is extremely clunky.My impressions about the writing itself are aside from the extreme unlikelihood that a character like Ayla could ever have existed . She 's the prehistoric wonderwoman who as a teenager is the master of her environment and the inventor of countless techniques , devices and implements that we take for granted today . Let alone that she tamed a cave lion , horse and wolf , saved Jondalar 's life , and subordinated him in almost every way possible.Twelve years passed between `` Plains of Passage '' and `` Shelters of Stone . '' I suppose that 's why Auel and/or her publisher felt it necessary to summarize the previous books in `` SofS . '' It probably took Auel half those years to make up the names for the seeming scores of characters . There are so many minor players that it 's very hard to keep track.The book is extremely tedious to read , and I 've been tempted to give up several times . I keep going because I want to find out what happens in the overall story . I 'm about 250 pages in , and almost nothing has happened . I figure at some point there has to be a confrontation between the Clan and the Zelandonii , probably involving Ayla 's son , Durc . Ayla 's loyalties will be tested , and the denouement will occur . I figure that 's what Auel is setting up , but she 's taking longer than forever to do it . I wonder if it will even happen in this book . Maybe she 's saving it for the next . In the meantime , Ayla drinks hundreds of cups of medicinal teas , meets every individual in the Zelandonii tribe one by one and almost nothing happens . When those few consequential things do happen , the action is barely portrayed and the dialog and minutiae go on forever . We get treated to the wonders of Ayla , her wolf and her horses over and over again . OK , they 're domesticated , now let 's get on with the story . And let 's see Jondalar behave like a strong Cro-Magnon man , as every surviving male at the time must have been , rather than Ayla 's subordinate sidekick.My guess is that the great majority of Auel 's 34 million buyers are women who feel subordinated by the world and see in Ayla the selves that nobody has let them express .
 I loved Clan of the Cave Bear , but after that , each book in the series got worse . Auel has taken what could have been a great prehistoric fiction series and turned it into soft-core erotica . While reading the book , I could n't help but get the impression that she spent more effort on the sex scenes than on the culture of the Zelandonii . The Zelandonii culture is virtually identical to all other Cro-Magnon cultures encountered throughout the series . I highly doubt that all prehistoric humans had the same ideals and worshipped the same deity in the real world , yet Auel paints them that way . I get the feeling that the culture of the people in these books represents Auel 's ideals of a perfect world , with no warfare , no religious hatred , and no male dominance . And while these are among the ugliest aspects of human nature , denial of their existence does not make for an interesting or accurate novel . The characters are shallow - Jondalar is portrayed as nothing more than a sex object , Ayla is still completely unaware of herself , and the entire culture is encased in an extremely unrealistic sexual innocence that simply enhances the sex scenes - does anybody really think they were unaware of the connection between sex and childbirth ? The only character in the novel with any depth is Brukeval , but even then it 's not much . I enjoyed the setting of the novel though , and will probably get the next one , as books set in this time period are hard to come by . Hopefully , the next book will be more like Clan of the Cave Bear .
 I hurried through the 4th book , to recall the story , since the last time I had read it was a couple of years ago . It was n't necessary . Auel goes over what happened in the previous books SO MANY TIMES , it barely is necessary to have read them . And for those who want to know what comes next , this book seems to add nothing to the story . We know that Ayla will have to retell what happened to her many times , but it bored me to read it all over again and so many times . There is too much detail to things that happened in the other books , and no detail to what is happening now . And a lot goes unexplained , like why Laramar 's son was injured , why was he in a fight . There is no depth to the the present story , too much `` remembering '' what happened to Ayla and Jondalar before . I really want to read the next book , since this one went knowwhere , but I hope there is more story to it .
 Unfortunately Amazon does n't let you rate a book with zero stars . How so little could happen in so many pages , I 'll never know .
 I got interested in this series by accident . I rented ` The Mammoth Hunters ' from an audio book rental place a few years ago . I listened to the book and I was hooked . I have purchased the entire series that Jean Auel has written so far . It is a 6 book series , but only 5 books have been written so far . This is the 5th . This book does not come up to the level of story telling that the previous books did . * It is important to read the previous 4 books to understand some of the things mentioned in this book . * The author has included more of the recent discoveries about cave society in her book at the expense of the story itself . * Unlike previous books in this series , the author raises many questions in this book which she leaves unanswered . * I feel that this book is not complete . It is only a prelude to the final book in this series.I fell that this book is worth buying . But only if you are a fan who has read the previous 4 books and are intending on buying the final book when it comes out .
 I found this book fairly interesting ; for the first half , anyway . After reading a few reviews , my thoughts that this book simply rehashed the previous four were comfirmed . There was too much emphasis on how brilliant and beautiful Ayla was , and how spectacular her control of animals was ; I got the idea after the first ten times . My hopes for this book were dashed by the time I finished it . All of the foreshadowing was for naught ; tensions were built , and then forgotten about . Discoveries or decisions were hinted at , but never reached . The end of the book seemed rushed ; events that were built up to be important were completely left out of the book , as opposed to excessive detail in the beginning -LRB- which I am a sucker for -RRB- . In short
 I waited 12 years for Ayla , and this book was a total disappointment . Nothing new happened , no new feelings , no new inventions , no new animals , no interesting story . Just a retteling of the previous books and a very expected meeting with the Zeladonii . Even the baby is only barely mentioned . I almost gave up in the middle it was so boring . I read the bad reviews and refused to beleive it , but if I hear bad review on 6 -LRB- who knows how long it will take to come out -RRB- I 'm not going to read it . 1,2,3,4 were amazing . Jean , what happened to the magic ?
 I looked forward to the next installment of the Earth 's Children series , but found SoS a disappointment . It seems Auel is more concerned with length than content , because there is more repetition and recycling in this book than all her other books combined.Just how many times does the Mother 's Song have to be printed ? One time through was far more than enough ... it 's too long as it is . Yet we see it in full 2-3 times , plus a printing yet again after the end of the book.Endless introductions and listings of familial lineages . Endless recycling of portions of the previous books . While yes , some would be necessary , when the same story is retold -LRB- when others ask Ayla the same question that has been answered previously -RRB- we have to hear the WHOLE THING again.This book was more than twice as long as it needed to be . Instead of letting of really focus on some of the interesting new characters , we 're bogged down in endless scenery descriptions . It gets to the point of being difficult to follow the relatively unsubstantial story and character arcs.Auel sets up some conflicts that could have become interesting if brought to fruition . Instead she all but comes out and says * Buy the next book * This volume was a cop-out ... filler material ... not really respectful of her fan base .
 I was n't far into this book when I realized the writing did n't even seem like it was Auels . My interest was perked finally when Ayla was tricked into wearing boys underwear , I thought `` ok , now the story is going to take off . '' Marona ? was never mentioned much again . I kept waiting for her to make trouble . I liked the story of Ayla helping the starving baby . The summer meeting was boring , the wedding was boring , the birth was boring . Ayla did n't even have to cook , every meal was supplied by that lady who loved to organize parties . I had so much anticipation as I read ... would Durc somehow arrive , would there be a confrontation with area Clan , would she make any new clothes to replace the traveling ones , would she get a tattoo , become zelandonni , would the drunk cause her trouble , or the mixed spirit man who hated her , why did n't everyone find out about Durc since this was such an issue in the other books ? Even Zelandonni hinted that Ayla was going to cause trouble , I wish she had ! I feel bad even writing this , I wanted so much for this book to be excellent .
 12 years of anticipation ; 3 days of disappointment . Out of 750 pages , about 300 of them may have contained new material , and as others here have noted , even that was less than compelling . However , I was n't crazy about The Valley of the Horses , either . I skipped almost all the chapters with Jon and Thon -LRB- and was thankful that it was split up like that so that I could easily bypass those parts -RRB- and was also bored with large sections of Plains of Passage . I appreciate how much research went into Auel 's descriptions of flint tool making and of the flora and fauna of the epoch , but honestly ... enough already.I think at this point , I 'd like to see Ayla assert her otherwordly power and really freak people out , but that 's unlikely . She will likely turn out to be the benevolent queen of the Zelandoni with the handsome King Jondalar at her side , and little Princess Jonayla -LRB- puh-leez -RRB- . That said , I 'll hope for better things from the last book because I am an eternal optimist .
 Like many other reviewers , I have read all of the novels in this series , and have found the quality of the writing -LRB- and editing -RRB- falls off dramatically after the 3rd book . I slogged through this one only because I wanted to see what advances the plot might take . Very few , indeed . Ayla is perfect ; Jondalar is the perfect man ; they are both so great , la la la . . The fourth book was painful to read , and should have been subtitled -LRB- My thesis on plant life in Neolithic Europe -RRB- , but this was just awful . I honestly ca n't say if I care enough to read the `` final '' novel . What else could happen in it , except maybe Jondalar accidentally discovers how to create iron , and Ayla has a dream where Creb teaches her how to begin purposeful cultivation of plants , so that they are the `` Parents of Modern Civilization '' ??? Sorry , Jean , but you lost my interest a thousand pages or so ago . I think that I 'll just re-read the first three novels .
 for such an unsatisfying book . Repetition , tediousness , dissatisfaction . Such a disappointment after the preceding four novels .
 This is a classic example of a series going downhill . As so many have remarked , the first novel was excellent ; the second had interesting parts -LRB- although I grew tired of Ayla 's inventions -RRB- . While reading Mammoth , I wondered what happened to the author 's ability to entertain , and Passage I could not even finish . Shelters of Stone is even worse , with the repetitions and lack of plot and lack of character development.Readers here have wondered why this book took twelve years to write , when the result -- according to so many -- was so very bad . If it had been a good book , that Auel was excited to write , it would have taken far less time . I believe that another reason for the repetitions is that the book was taking so long that Auel forgot what she was writing about -- or , if she did n't exactly forget , she at least needed to remind herself in detail , and assumed that all her readers would need the same prompting . She seemed to be unaware that reading a book takes far less time than writing it and that her loyal fans would not forget the events that took place a few pages earlier.This book must have been published for the money . Where was the editor ? Where was the agent ? But , ah , they are making money from this book too ... or who knows , maybe the published draft was far better than the original turned in by Ms. Auel .
 After reading and being totally captivated by the first 4 of the series , I waited impatiently for book # 5 . I am very disappointed in the book , but will continue to have high hopes for the conclusion of the series.My harshest criticism is of the sentence structure throughout the book . The writer did a poor job of portraying `` cave-man style '' conversation or speaking . Two sentences run together , separated by a comma do not depict primitive language or thought , and I do not remember seeing this in Ms. Auel 's other books.Also , I resent stumbling over explicit sex in a book which I have chosen for reasons other than hot sex or romance . If you must , one explicit scene would be quite enough , and any other occasion to include romance or intimacy could be handled differently.I could not recommend this book to anyone , but strongly encourage everyone to read The Clan of the Cave Bear , Passage of the Plains , Valley of the Horses , and Mammoth Hunter . They were 100 % superb !
 A total disappointment . I bought the book hoping that the authorhad returned to the wonderful storytelling skill she demonstrated in The Clan of the Cave Bear and the Valley of the Horses . By the time of her fourth book , The Plains of Passage she had almost abandoned the story and was so dedicated to flora and fauna that it was hard to read the book . The Shelters of Stone is even less interesting than the previous book . If you took out the part that was devoted to the characters that I wanted to read about the book would be only a few pages . Jean Auel either needs to get back on track or she should start writing educational textbooks . I absolutely will check out her next book before I waste any money on buying it .
 I waited 6 years for this next book in the series and would have rather waiiting longer for a book with some depth . The book was repetitive and thoughts were not complete . Many opportunities to build the story were just put aside for the next series . Reading the entire book waiting for Ayla to have her baby and then very little is mentioned of the baby once it is born . Her first books were fabulous this was a disappointment !
 I have trouble believing Jean Auel wrote this . Its missing all the story telling qualities of the first 4 books . Its almost a kindergarten version . Ayla was built up as a character with depth in the earlier books and becomes a shallow , power seeking brat . I love re-reading the other books , but this one is on its way to the Goodwill . Ca n't believe I waited this long for this drivel . yuck .
 At least the sex scenes are n't as numerous as in The Mammoth Hunters or Plains of Passage!This is a predicatable sequel with no real eye-openers . It all works out the way you figure it will . There were extremely repetitive parts -LRB- if I have to read one more time about how amazing everyone is by Ayla and her animals , I will scream -RRB- and some parts were just too easy-not enough conflict.That said , it was a light , interesting read . Wait till it 's in paperbackNothing will every beat Clan of the Cave Bear .
 I should of started at chapter 31 . Chapters 1-30 was so boring . I skipped over a lot of the info . How many times can you describe a moutain , a cave , and how to make tea and fire . The only thing Ayla needs now is a red cape and we can start calling her SUPER AYLA ...
 I thoroughly enjoyed Auel 's prior writings and had eagerly looked forward to this novel . I was very disappointed because it was so boring and repetitive . Where was the plot ? I kept thinking that Ayla was going to decide to search for her son , Durc or that there would be an encounter with the `` flatheads '' and Ayla would have to act as an interpreter . I wish I could understand why Ms. Auel would tempt her readers with signs that either of these plots would develope but never followed through . I would have given this a two star rating if I had n't had such high expectations .
 There are many comprehensive , articulate reader reviews here , so I hestitate to even write another . I am doing so , mostly , to vent my negative feelings about the author , who I feel cheated her many faithful fans . She made us love Ayla -LRB- and Jondalar -RRB- as we shared her life from toddler to womanhood through four books . Now , she has presented us with an unbelievable character who you soon realize will `` live happily everafter '' , for this book is going nowhere with the little hints of impending danger and drama . Jondalar 's cave community is as organized and civilized as any middle class 20th century American village . There is nothing believable here . Ms. Auel used our longing for another book as an excuse to do years of research and then she used Ayla 's life to piece the facts into a book . There is no story , no credibility , no soul . I am sad for Ayla . I am mad at Jean Auel for taking her beautiful story and striping it of what was so special . She should be ashamed for taking our money .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00466HQ1A/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_imgThis book reads as if it were a pastiche of parts of previous books . I came away with the feeling that there was no real plot to this book . My brother , who is a great Auel fan , called me -LRB- because I am a writer and have a doctorate in creative writing , and he is an engineer -RRB- to ask me what I thought of the book . When I told him that it seemed to lack a plot , he said in a very relieved tone , `` Well , I could n't find one , but I thought maybe it was just me . `` I hope the next book , which I gather is the last and which is already somewhat overdue , is better than this .
 I was excited to have the Earth 's Children series available for my Kindle , but the OCR errors in `` Shelters of Stone '' make it almost unreadable . Surely SOMEONE must review the copy before the book is made available for sale ? The quality of the story notwithstanding -LRB- the plot rather drags , as others have noted -RRB- , it 's incredibly distracting to come across so many mistakes in the text when trying to read the story . Publishers need to institute better quality control when issuing Kindle editions of old manuscripts .
 Like most devoted readers of this series I was waiting for this one -- Ayala finally meets Jondular 's family and the people of the Zelandonnii . I expected more drama & more subplots , especially with Marona , Jondular 's jilted lover whom he left to go on his journey , with his brother Thonalan.On his retun , only a few words of greeting between Jondular and Marona . A high school prank played on Ayala turns out ok and Marona is hardly mentioned again , except for her thoughts towards both Jondular and Ayala at the Summer meeting.Also , Ayala is warmly accepted by his family within 3 days of meeting her . Out of 200 people-Marona and Laramar are the only 2 who dislike her ????? UnrealI also found it tedious repeating everything -- yes I can appreciate recounting Ayala 's early life with the clan , her relationship with wolf and the horses , her acceptance to the Lion Camp , however once the reader is told this initally is it neccessary to recount it every few chapters?The fourth book , `` the Plains of passage ' , i felt was a most boring read due to the lack of people , dialogue and conflict . Even Jondualr being captured by the Amazon was quick , and onward back to their trek across prehistoric Europe.This 5th one , should have had some strife -- espaecially with Jondular 's family being leaders of the Zelandonii , should n't have readily accepted Ayala after only knowing of her for 3 days , mainly based their recounting their journey , Ayala telling of her upbringing , making fire with firestones and sewing with the threadpuller . Though they are shown all of this and find their stories amazing , interesting , ` hard-to-imagine , '' I felt as leaders of this people , they should have kept their ready acceptance of Ayala contained for the family only -- They are aware of the prejudice towards the Flatheads . Even when being told of Ayala 's upbringing with the clan , as leaders of this people , they should have given everyone in the ninth cave a chance to know Ayala without the use of theirinfluence of status.I felt , like with the Clan and the Lion Camp , everyone would have the opportunity to voice their opinions when it became time . Then everyone , including Jondular 's family in their position of leadership , could vote for Ayala to be accepted as a member of the Zelandonii or if any objections , then Ayala could show whatever skill , be it with fire , her soothing tea , her sling to them , for approval . If not , she would be at the Summer Meeting after she is mated to Jondular.Because the story has Jondular 's family and the Zelandonni people accepting of Ayala so readily and easily , I felt a new reader may also feel rushed into acceptance of Ayala -- Everything she does is wonderful ! Ayala is right ! Ayala is so skilled ! The reader was innundated with the author 's passion for the heroine without any sense of objectivity .
 Oh , Ayla , Ayla ! Wherefore art thou Ayla ... ? In the first book we rooted for her . The young girl , without a family , who thinks differently , rebels , but most of all survives . We believed in her world ... it was harsh and demanding . It was easy to suspend your disbelief . We believed in her . In the second book , still surviving , she found love and the ugly duckling turned into a swan . We were pleased to see that . After all she 's been through , the girl deserved some happiness . In the third book , we wanted her accepted by her own -LRB- at least in between all the sex sessions -RRB- . By the fourth book , Ayla was starting to get predictable and annoying . And then we waited.Time passed , some of us finished high school , college , got a job , got married ... from time to time hoping that we 'll get to visit Ayla 's world again . And finally there she was , perfect to the point of nusea , singing the longest and most annoying song . Every time Ayla looked at something , she turned into a heroine like no other . Her society , more politically correct than ours , never suffers . None of the caves fight with each other , in fact I do n't think these people knew what war was . The herbal remedies that are more efficient than anything you can find in 21st century . And boy , does the traveler get treated better among the Zelandoni than today . -LRB- No one will ever steal from you in Ayla 's world that 's for sure . -RRB- Honestly , sometimes I felt like I was watching a child 's play made up with Barbie dolls
 There were originally supposed to be five books in the series ; this is maybe half a book 's worth of content expanded and fluffed out to serve as setup for the final book in the series . I will not be reading the final book because I 'm too disappointed in this one.Ms . Auel is a fine writer and she does good research . Yet this book lacks the character development and structure that characterized her earlier work . It comes across as having been written on an ad hoc basis here and there . Unlike a Tolkien tale that `` grew in the telling '' , this just kind of rambles . Auel 's using a loose episodic structure instead of the plot-driven and character-driven style from `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' . It is n't working . The repetition is getting old . A good editor would not have allowed this much repetition , particularly of that mediocre poem . Editing would have condensed the `` story '' and plot into about a hundred , maybe a hundred and fifty pages of potentially good reading . But that would n't have allowed for a sixth book.The character development in this book is particularly sloppy . Auel was starting to lose it as early as `` The Plains of Passage '' because of the repetitive nature of what had to happen
 I used to be a huge fan of Ayla to the point that I even read the first three books more than once . The fourth book however did n't attract me as much until I had read 200 pages . I find Auel 's latest book very boring simply because there is nothing new in the book . The rest of the reviewers explain perfectly how this book has nothing offer so I wo n't repeat their comments.I would n't recommend this book to any friend .
 Ms Auel 's books , though they have potential , have become progressively less substantial in plot and character just as they have become more loaded with Paleolithic description . The first book covers 12 years of the main character 's life , the second 3 years , and the third and fourth a year each . This book covers in depth far less than nine months , and it shows . Nothing happens . Tensions are introduced , but not developed . Interesting characters in difficult situations are ignored . There was potential in this story , but it is not brought out . What this feels like is the first few chapters to a potentially exciting novel -LRB- provided that the small amount of tension and plot hinted at were developed well -RRB- , but instead has been bulked out by pages and pages of description and honorifics . Of course , it would also have helped if the main characters were not so inhumanly pleasant and actually disagreed occasionally like normal families.In The Clan of the Cave Bear , Ms Auel wrote a beautiful and fascinating story , one in which complex characters clashed with each other , even when they loved each other . But unless she decides to develop more of the plot and less of the botany , I 'm afraid that book will stand alone .
 I really tried to enjoy this book . I am such a fan of her previous works and have re-read them several times . This book was TERRIBLE . I was so disappointed . I skipped half the book because I chose not to read all the re-hashing , and there are WAY too many sex scenes . Not sure I 'll even bother with the next one . Hope she gets it together , and gets back in touch .
 We listened to the unabridged audio of this sinker . If you think reading those love scenes were laughable trying hearing them . Also , the poem and formal greetings were unfreakinbelievable ! I am amazed that anyone would rate this book anything but B and that 's B for BORING and BAD NEWS .
 Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ... Snort ! Oh , excuse me , I must have fallen asleep over my copy of Shelters of Stone again.I felt almost obligated to read this book in spite of the bad press it 's received because I read each of the four previous novels in this series . I did n't like Plains of Passage very much , but had high hopes that Shelters of Stone would recapture something of the feel of the first three books . Alas , Auel has presented us with a tedious doorstop of a book that in the end left me wondering why I bothered to work my way through the whole thing . The plot goes nowhere , there is little character development , and there is so much repetition of material that I found myself skimming pages more and more frequently as I progressed through the book . The whole thing is so badly edited and the conclusion is so abrupt that I was left with the impression that Auel walked away from her computer to get a cup of coffee and while she was gone someone transmitted the unpolished novel to the publisher without her knowledge.And the Mother 's Song ... Oh , the Mother 's Song . What can I say that other reviewers have n't already said ? It 's one of the most outstanding terrible poems I 've ever read , rivaling some of the stuff in `` Very Bad Poetry '' -LRB- edited by Ross and Kathryn Petras -RRB- . Never mind the fact that it 's repeated several times . One reading was more than enough to convince me that this is one of the worst poems ever written in the English language . It should be awarded prizes based on its sheer awfulness and the way it makes your hair stand on end when you read it.To be fair , I have to say that Shelters of Stone is n't ALL bad . I enjoy books that focus on social history , fiction or otherwise , so the descriptive passages about housing , hunting , and ritual that annoyed so many other reviewers were often interesting to me.In addition , I was delighted to discover that Ayla and/or Jondalar did n't invent the wheel , at least not yet . I 've almost been expecting this to happen and was happy to be disappointed in this respect . I suppose there 's not much time for inventing in a society where you spend two-thirds of your waking hours naming your ties to everyone you meet.In short , there is very little new information in this book . Auel takes 700 + pages to tell us that Ayla and Jondalar are mated , that their daughter is born , and that Ayla has decided to become One Who Serves . Sorry , Amazon.com , but I ca n't recommend that people purchase this one . If you 're devoted to the series and feel that you must read it , check it out at your friendly neighborhood library and save yourself the purchase price .
 Okay , there 's very little I can add here . Please believe everyone who hated this book . What did they , glue all the previous books together ? Really , the original content could maybe fill a page . The thing is , aside from the repetition and ridiculous amount of boring dialog , is that there just is n't a story here . I did n't think much of The Plains of Passage , but it least it had the man-hating tyrant and Ayla 's rescue of Jondalar . There is nothing exciting in the book . Ayla 's enemies sort of fade off into nothing . Like maybe something will happen in the 6th book , but really it wo n't be worth the paper it 's printed on.Buy it -LRB- in paperback -RRB- and read it because you love Ayla -LRB- though she is less humble in this one -RRB- . Just do n't expect to see her do anything new . And for pete 's sake , do n't read the other four books for about 12 years before you pick this one up .
 In `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' we were introduced to Ayla and her foster family.In `` Valley of Horses '' , Ayla sets out to find her own people and eventually meets and falls in love with one of them -LRB- Jondalar -RRB- . In `` The Mammoth Hunters '' , she comes to live with a larger group of her people for the first time.In `` Plains of Passage '' , she accompanies Jondalar on his long journey home to his tribe.SPOILERSAfter they have finally made it to `` The Shelters of Stone '' , the story comes to a screeching halt . Nothing even remotely interesting happens in this book . Ayla and Jon get married and finally have their baby . That 's it.While the first four volumes in the series admittedly had their lengthy passages , they kept me interested enough to only skip a few pages here and there . But `` The Shelters of Stone '' was so boring that I skip-read 99 % of it .
 Because a bookstore I frequent was having a `` buy three get one free '' sale , I picked up `` Shelters of Stone '' for nothing -- and still feel cheated . I waited twelve years for this book and am embarassed to have been seen walking out of the store with it . As such , SoS is currently proping up a short table leg.Jean Auel 's `` Earth 's Children '' series has simply declined in quality since the publication of `` Clan of the Cave Bear . '' `` Shelters of Stone '' is the penultimate book of the series and by far the least interesting and most repetitive of the bunch . There is no balance between plot/action and the excessive descriptions of flora and fauna ; the characters are predictable and the dialogue insipid.Everything a reader needs to know about what happens to the characters can be read in the Amazon.com reviews . Instead of wasting my time and money with the final book , I 'll be reading here to find out what happens .
 Like other fans , I have waited for this book for so long . It was a bitter disappointment . There is no storyline , the characters are shallow , and the dialogue long and boring . It could stand alone as a non-fiction book on the flora , fauna , geographical oddities , and craftmanship of the time period . I understand there is a need for background and environment , but there is also a need for character and story . Scenarios and characters promising conflict were introduced , then dropped by the wayside . The Clan is an integral part of this continuing story , but they are strangely missing . What happened?The other books in this series transported us to another place and time , giving us memories almost as real as if we were really there . They stuck in the mind long after the reading was over . This book does n't deserve to carry the name - it should never have left the editor 's desk .
 You do not need to have read the previous books to be bored by this one . The SoS is all four books combined plus 4 days of intense details as Ayla meet the uptight Zelandonii followed by a quick skip to the Summer Meeting and then a leap to the birth with a step to the birth of Whinney 's foal.The rest of the book is filled with Ms Auel 's last 10 years of research of the cave system in France . In the acknowledgments at the beginning of the book she says thank you to Dr Rigaud because he proof read everything she had written about the area which was presented first and then it sounds like she filled in the rest of her Geological and Anthropological thesis with a couple of cardboard characters to take up another 100 pages . If she is n't already , then I am sure that some august body in a museam or university will bestow a fellowship on my once favourite author for her work in this field.I am deeply disappointed in this `` story '' and think that Ayla should hightail it back to the Mamutoi as fast as Whinney can carry her . At least there she had a life worth getting up in the morning for . The brief encounter we had with the Ramudoi in The Plains of Passage was more exciting than over 700 pages with the Zelandonii . Come back Ranec , all is forgiven ! Now we know why Jondalar has always been so painful . Growing up with people so set in their ways they make The Clan look advanced must have been a handicap for him.I highly recommend this book if you are studying anthropology or geology or anything to do with the Ice Age and the Dawn of Man . -LRB- Hey that would have been a better title for this book -RRB- You will not be sidetracked by a plot as there is n't one . Please Ms Auel , less research and more character please !
 About once every chapter , it seems . Honestly.When I read Shelters of Stone the first time , I really thought that it had to have been written by a ghostwriter . Only the fact that I checked the book out of the library kept me from redlineing the entire thing and sending it back to Ms. Auel 's agent with suggestions on how to make it better . -LRB- I only own a copy I got second hand because I have minor OCD when it comes to having complete sets of things . -RRB- Upon re-read , my intial impression stands . Every SINGLE time Ayla mets someone new , we are treated to the entire Litany of Awesome `` Daughter of the Mammoth Hearth , Friend to Horses and Wolves and also COOLER THAN YOU WILL EVER BE . '' We are also treated to the reaction of the new person , which goes something like `` He first noticed that she talked kind of funny - not an accent really , but there were some sounds she could not quite make . But then he noticed how GODDAMN BEAUTIFUL she was , so the talking thing no longer mattered . '' EVERY . SINGLE . TIME . OH MY GOD , WE GET IT.The dialogue -LRB- never Auel 's strong point -RRB- was clunky at best , and excreteble at worst . The `` action '' was kind of pathetic and boring -LRB- at least Plains of Passage had a point -RRB- . Constantly restating the ENTIRE Song of the Mother at least three times was unneccesary . Yeah , we know it . Restating the entire plots of the first four books -LRB- I know it 's been 12 years , but people can and do reread , you know -RRB- was boring.If the only way to continue the series is through a ghostwriter , it 's better to let the series just die , honestly .
 WOW , over 700 pages of tea drinking , 5 minute formal introductions for every personal encounter , 21st century medicine and anatomy lessons , social welfare reform , and Giorgio fashion statements . Also noteworthy to mention are the condo living arrangements , wine and Tupperware parties , oral hygiene practices , and western Christian ceremonies for deaths and weddings . I loved the parts that told the spirits to `` go to the light '' or they `` tied the knot '' and were mated . All of this knowledge of humanity , medicine , art , and civilization and they still ca n't figure our how babies are made . Go figure!I only finished this book because I waited 12 years for the continued saga . What a waste of time . I skimmed over pages of pure bunk including ceremonial songs and chants . Ayla is of course WONDERFUL . Without her , I guess we would still be swinging from the trees.Wait for the paperback to show up at Goodwill for a dime , then it might be a bargain .
 I was so excited when I heard about eminent release of Shelters of Stone that I re-read the entire series then went out and bought the book the same day if was released . I am extremely sorry to say that the book was not worth the wait.Unlike the other books in the series which had interesting plots , well developed characters , and all sorts of conflicts that we could relate to , this book really had no plot . We all knew from the beginning that Ayla was going to marry Jondalar and have a baby and that 's exactly how things went . There were no surprises , no serious conflicts waiting to be resolved . Ayla just meets tons and tons of Zelandoni people who are surprised about everything she does . Unfortunately , most of these characters are introduced but not developed or further integrated into the story.Then there 's the problem of repetition . There was so much repetition in this story , that I do n't think anyone who has n't read the previous books in the series is going to feel the need to do so.Even though I was disappointed in the book , I am still an Auel fan and have begun the wait for the next book . I hope she returns to the tradition set in the first four books of intriging conflicts and well plotted stories .
 This is an update to review the AUDIO BOOK version of Shelters of Stone.I have enjoyed Sandra Burr 's reading of the entire series . However , on this the 5th book , she has significantly altered the voice of Ayla . She reads Alya with a very strong accent . Though Ayla has always been described as having a `` exotic '' pronunciation due to her life with the Clan , this is the first time Burr has attempted to create it . Personally , I do not like it , especially because the most significant feature of her voice was supposed to be the way she and Clan `` swallow '' certain sounds . Here , Burr emphasizes a trilled or rolled R sound , with a narrow , vaguely Russian accent.I miss the old Ayla . This person is a stranger , as the character herself might say.Just be warned before buying ! If I had known , I might not have started it.But beyond that , Burr 's performance actually helps one of the major flaws in Auel 's writing - the constant , almost word for word repetition . As many reviewers have commented , Auel repeats paragraphs and even full passages throughout the book , making it very difficult to read . Though this is still incredibly frustrating , Burr does her best to alter the reading of the repeated passages , sometimes with different character voices and sometimes with emotional variation . Unfortunately , some of the repetition , like the paragraph that follows EVERY time Ayla jumps on her horse
 I first read Valley of the Horses when I was 11 . Then I discovered it was a sequel , and found Clan of the Cave Bear a couple of years later . From that moment on , I was a dedicated adorer of the Earth 's Children series . Yes , I admit the Mammoth Hunters was more in the style of Barbara Cartland ... and I was sad about that , but the rest of that book was so good , the whole jealousy story faded into the background.Jean Auel redeemed herself in Plains of Passage and with glee , I devoured it . Ten years later , after uncounted queries at booksellers as to when the new book was going to be released , Shelters of Stone appeared on the shelves . You can imagine my joy . I purchased the hardback , and sat down after making many special preparations as if it would be a religious experience ... I have never been so disappointed in a book in my life . Shelters of Stone was slow , dry , and provided me no incentive or motivation to keep me reading on except for a vain hope of it getting better -LRB- and perhaps my undying loyalty to one of my all time favourite authors -RRB- . I am so sad to say it ! But when the last page was turned , and the trudging storyline came abruptly to an end , I was left feeling like I worked very , very hard for nothing . I could pick up the next book in the series -LRB- yet to be released -RRB- without ever having read Shelters of Stone , and would have missed nothing . I am sorry to say it , but I feel as if after ten years of chomping at the bit for the next installment of my favourite series of books , I was sorely let down by a story that felt as if it must been a struggle for the author to write . I love you Jean , but I 'm sorry ... this book was not at all to your standard . I hope the next one will be better ... I 'm counting on it , and I 'll be first in line to buy it .
 One star is half a star too many . We waited over ten years for this book and paid full price for the hardcover as soon as it came out . What is up with that looong boring song being printed over and over in it ? The book could have been half as long without that . And as far as the story , the previous books hint that Ayla 's child is going to be a boy and that there will be some sort of confrontation between her two sons . No chance of that happening judging by the ending ...
 the only thing i have to say about this book is it -LSB- was bad -RSB- . what happened to the story . i was completly lost by the end of this book . i had read all the other book and enjoyed them but this one i just -LSB- disliked -RSB- ...
 I eagerly awaited this book and - flop . It 's so old ! It 's really the plotline from `` Plains of Passage '' and `` Mammoth Hunters '' redone with new characters . Ayla meets lots of people , people are afraid of her inventions and animals , people begin to understand , one person refuses to be friendly with Ayla . Yeah , we know . And the whole thing with her hallucinations being `` special '' . If Ayla was a modern woman she would be in constant therapy because of those . EVERYTHING HAS ALREADY BEEN WRITTEN!And Jondalar . The sex scenes are so ... graphic . And he 's such a sexaholic ! Thonolan seemed so much more in-depth as a character . Jondalar is a pretty boy , the end . It would have worked out as more interesting if Ayla were only average looking like a mortal , for god 's sake . I hate Jondalar now . He 's horrible . And , I 'm sorry , do we need to know of his `` eager member '' or whatever she calls it?Ugh.I 'm utterly disappointed .
 There is but one word to describe this 5th volume of Auel 's Earth 's Children series
 Dreary book that advances the story very little . The settlement Ayla ends up in reminds me very much of some sort of prehistoric country club where mate-swapping looms on the horizon and everybody drinks alcoholic barma during dawn-of-man cocktail hour . The story of the taming of Wolf and Whinney is told repeatedly and the recitation of the `` Mothers Song '' seems to appear every few pages and makes one yearn for a male deity to show up . Save your money and get it from the library .
 If you are a fan of the past 4 volumes , please wait and read the paperback ... then you may skip the majority of the book as none of the characters are developed , it is a total rehash of the past four books , and it lacks Jean Auel normal details ... it reads more like a Danielle Steele novel than the Earth Children Series I have loved for almost 20 years . There was not nearly enough character development nor excitement ... my own imagination has been better than this total waste of time . I adore these books but this was not worth waiting 12 years for ... it either needed to be longer or have some characters cut or something ! Huge disappointment ! Will not be nearly as excited about the next one even though it is the final one ...
 Remembering way back when this series started with The Clan of the Cave Bear , how well and entertaining that and the following books were ... till many years later when this book came out , and then the entertainment just stopped and it became a boring read , I lost all interest in the characters.I truly did try to read it through , but I just could n't do it . I had to stop half-way through . Maybe it was just too long between books , or maybe I 've just outgrown the writing .
 Nothing happens . That 's pretty much my review . I waited 30 years to finish this series and discover how Ayla changes the world . I 'll just say it is something she claimed from book one so there was no big epithany.In this book , instead of skipping long pages of descriptions of herbs and their uses , I skipped over long pages of descriptions of the paths that they followed on their journey and the pictures in the one too many caves they visited.I was disappointed that there were several plot lines left unfinished
 I purchased the kindle edition of this book a few days ago and have been disappointed to find it full of typos , misspellings and wrong words that frequently change the meaning of a sentence so that I have to read it several times figuring out what the error is . This edition even has the name of Ayla 's son Durc wrong , printing it as `` Dure . '' This is not the quality I have come to expect from the kindle editions of books .
 Blah.I do n't really know what to say.As someone who has a degree in anthropology , I actually love the detail that has always been heavily present in these books . I * like * the `` boring '' bits . But this was far , far worse than I could ever imagine . Repetition . No , none , zero conflict . Cardboard characters . No plot . The last 40-odd pages sounded more like the Auel we all know and love , but those can not possibly justify the 700 pages of junk . The only element in that huge section that got me truly excited was Ayla 's -LRB- inevitable -RRB- discovery of the cave that we know today as Lascaux.I was 14 when I finished the series that gave me an inkling about what I wanted to study in college ... I 'm now 25 . And I 'm horribly disappointed and heartsick . Jean Auel , what were you thinking ??
 I could not wait for the new book ! I was at the store when they opened on April 30 so I could get it right away after all the years I have been waiting.I really did think the next page would get better , but I suddenly realized the book was 3/4 over and I was just getting to the good stuff , if you could call it that.I have learned to skim pages very quickly when Jean Auel is going over , for the 4th time , the landscape etc. . . of their surroundings . Where is the tension , suspense , confrontation and all the other wonderful attributes of the other novels?SOS only seems to flaunt the wonderful things Ayla does . She can do no wrong , and she is just too perfect in this one . BORING ! I think Jondalar has lost alot of his sexiness in this one . He seems to be like a lost puppy dog following Ayla around all the time . This is not the way I feel his character should be . He is a very sensitive and strong man . Where did he go ? I think Jean Auel should release the 6th book very soon if it is better than this one . She owes her readers who have waited so long for SOS and were so very disappointed . I think after all this time , we deserve a true Earth Children novel .
 After waiting so long for the next installment it is sad that this is the best we get . I am so disappointed . I kept reading the book waiting for something , anything , to happen . The story never got off the ground , the charactors were flat and at no time inspired my imagination as the previous books had done .
 Like everyone I have anxiously waited for 10 years for this book . When I learned it would be released in April I went to the library and began to reread the past 4 books so I would be up to speed.This book just did n't live up to the expectations and quality of the other books . We kept getting a `` taste '' of Ayla 's super-natural powers with numerous flashbacks but no real story or experience from them . The story dragged on forever with landscape details and back story telling.I have a question , supposedly these people travel on foot because they have never seen horses . Why did it take them over 2 days to go 20 or so miles to the Summer Meeting ? Were n't Ayla and Jondalar doing that or more daily in the Plains of Passage . Where was the much talked about Clan encounter ? This book was not consistent with the others.Each previous book has covered several years . This one covered 8 or 9 months ? I hope the 6th book does n't hurry through 30 years just to end the story , and I also hope it does n't take another 12 years to finish .
 As a fan excitedly anticipating this book , I could n't wait to preorder and open it the day it arrived from Amazon . After reading one third of the story , I was ready to give up and use this 700-pager as a doorstop . Reading these reviews has actually been much more entertaining than the book itself . Ayla is so perfect and so Nancy Drew-nice , I want to smack her . I wish Jondalar would get bored himself and have an affair with a bad girl . And please , Jean , no description of minute-by-minute walking around and looking at scenery or conversational minutiae - it 's BORING !! Your other books have been wonderful . Please get back the the exciting adventure and your readers will applaud .
 I waited rather impatiently for the next book about Ayla , and the 11 year wait was a bit much , and then to have over half the book rehashing what I 've already read in the first four was very disappointing . If Auel had cut out the Dickens-like descriptions that went on for pages and pages the book would have been a fraction of what it was . I have to say I skimmed pages at a time looking for something new to happen . The dialogue was very awkward especially toward the end of the book . There was so much repetition . I think I counted four descriptions of what Echozar looked like as a half Clan-half Other man !! There was way too much description of what everything looked like and what it was made of , minute descriptions . One that stands out in my mind was the description of the bag Jondalar carried the fat in to light their first lamp in he and Ayla 's own dwelling . I did n't really care what it was made of in such minute detail and the description had nothing whatsoever to do with the story just an example of the Dickens-like description . All in all I was very disappointed and I had so looked forward to this book coming out . I will probably read the next one , but I 'll wait and check it out from the library and I wo n't spend -LSB- money -RSB- to buy it . Hopefully I wo n't have to wait 11 years for it to come out or I may just lose interest entirely .
 Being an ardent Auel and Ayla fan , I found myself counting the moments until this book arrived . I clutched it to my chest , feeling the sweet release of knowing that I would soon have my fix of Jonadalar , Ayla , and painted caves . I was dissapointed.A great deal of the book was a repetion of the previous four . I did n't need to know that every time Ayla opened her mouth someone thought that her accent was `` unusual , foriegn , yet not unpleasant '' , or how intensely , vividly blue Jondalar 's eyes were . Even the characters `` pleasuring '' was redundent , and I began to wonder if they were also becoming bored with it as well.I read the entire book , skipping paragraghs throughout , because I have an affection for the story . I did appreciate that Jean Auel wrote the Zolena/Zelondoni character to be more than a charachature , not only full bodied , but a downright obese woman , with a sensuality , brilliance and power of her own . I found parts of the book to be intriguing , and wondered , for instance , how Zelondoni could feel so threatened by Ayla 's power that she could n't simply let the young woman be an at home mom and contributing member of the community . It was difficult to understand the reasons that the highest ranked member of the cave would stoop to manipulation rather than communication . I was also dissapointed that the author appeared to write the last two books together , and arbitrarily chose to end `` Sheleters of Stone '' mid sentence.I love these books , I want to love these books . I am passionate about petroglyphs , anthropology and the archeological research that went into the preparation for this series . This book has n't dampered my interest in traveling to the Dordogne Valley , but it also did n't behoove me book a flight mid novel as I had hoped it would.I will read the last book when it comes out with all the exuberance of a true fan .
 I 'll be honest -- I was n't expecting great things from Jean Auel 's long-anticipated fifth novel in the Earth 's Children series , because ... well , it was long anticipated . Anything hyped to this degree was bound to be a letdown.But even I was surprised at how hard it hit bottom . `` The Shelters of Stone '' reads almost like a mirror image of `` The Mammoth Hunters , '' down to an actual hunt . Auel spends tens of pages describing prehistoric fauna that I would swear to Zelandoni she described the same way in her previous books . Ayla is still Blond Cro-Magnon Supergirl , and Jondalar , pretty as he is , still tends to be whiny . We have the by-now-requisite woman lusting after Jondalar , the man who does n't like Ayla , the deep priestess , and of course much exclaiming over Whinney , Racer and Wolf , not to mention wonder at Ayla 's `` inventions . '' And do n't forget the `` flatheads are people too '' sentiments . Yeah , Ayla and Jondalar finally get `` mated '' in this book , and Ayla pops out the baby , who is given the annoyingly cutesy name of Jonayla . That 's it for new stuff . Auel has never mastered the art of giving newcomers enough information to figure out what 's gone before while not boring the tears out of fans . Everything is explained at length repeatedly , making the reader feel like Auel thinks everyone is an idiot with no memory . Even the sex scenes are the same , albeit adapted a little to accommodate Ayla 's pregnancy.There 's supposedly one more book left in the series . Let 's hope Jean goes out with a bang with that one .
 This really is a dreadful book . It 's all setting , no plot . To save you the time , here 's what happens
 I would have thought it impossible to write a 741 page book and manage to say absolutely nothing . Disappointed does n't even begin to cover how I feel about having spent good money on this book . I should 've waited for the paperback edition , because then , at least , I could 've traded it in at my book club . Repetition from the previous books in the series , coupled with reiterating passages from this worthless volume , made me skip several pages in disgust . In short , skip this one ... you wo n't miss anything .
 I 've been waiting for years , and years , and years , and years for this , and words can not begin to explain how disappointed I am . Perhaps I just worked up my expectations too high , but I feel as though Ms. Auel has strayed too far from the formula . If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it!I know that a tremendous amount of research went into the writing of this book , all her fans know that , she does n't have to spend 350 pages convincing us that she did her homework . If she had n't done her homework , this book would have been out ten years ago . On another note , I felt as though the narratives spent too much time preaching about evolutionary ideas and theories . If we did n't already buy the theory , chances are we would n't be buying the book.Don ' t get me wrong , I still read late into the night , and woke up early to read just a couple of pages before going to work , but this book did n't make me put off doing dinner , dishes , dusting , or laundry as I had expected it would.The book started sort of slow , and then sped up too fast . It seemd like the first 300 pages were the first week they were `` home '' , then things began to move at quantum speed . On top of that , every time something interesting happened it was glossed over in favor of more talk about the animals!Ok , so I was disappointed , but all in all , I still ca n't wait for the next book -- I hope it 's back to the old formula -- new experiences , not the same experience over and over again .
 Really should be negative stars . I enjoyed the first four Earth 's Children books and looked forward to the one where Jondalar and Ayla finally get home . What a disappointment ! The story is VERY slow and repetitive . The theme of Ayala and Jondalar as superwoman and superman has become tiresome , as has the emphasis placed on their discovery of animal domestication and the fire-starting properties of certain stones . The discoveries of other people are mentioned only in passing . At one point there is a brief description of what sounds like woven cloth , which in previous books would have fascinated Ayla until she made the technique her own
 I do n't understand why it took Ms. Auel so long to write this book . Almost half of it is either a rehashing of what took place in earlier books or the same thing happening over and over again in this book . The plot also does not advance much . She spends many pages describing the imaginary scenery , which seems beautiful but not necessary to the story . She does introduce many characters , but the character development is limited to only a select few . Indeed , a character introduced early on who appears to be a main protagonist , is then summarily dropped except for a couple of casual mentions 400 pages later . Finally , large spans of time are allowed to proceed without any text . All of a sudden a whole season goes by with only 50 or so pages of text . The book did progress the story , but the same amount of progression could have been done in 100 pages . It feels as if this book was just filler till the next one .
 I have read the first four books so many times my friends tease me that I can recite long passages . I say this to give some means of valuation of my opinion . OK here goes . I was disappointed in the book . I can not uderstand why it took so long to write . The book uses pages and pages of quotes -LRB- word for word -RRB- from previous books , renames charactrers that appeared in other books and presents them as new -- they are not -- and uses scenes and situations from previous books that are hardly reworked just name changes -LRB- the young man who is attacked and Ayla rushes to the rescue and sets the bones . Sound familiar ? check Valley of Horses -RRB- . Just one more example
 I ca n't believe I read this . What a waste . I echo what other reviewers have written.Padantic sex scenes , boring characters and no plot . These people just meander through the same stories and plots of the previous books , only with different names.Where was editorial ?
 As usual Ms Auel repeats herself constantly , telling you the same thing she went through a few chapters ago . Again we hear of his blue eyes and her accent on almost every page . Ayla 's history is repeated over and over again . ... The average reader will not remember that this is 99 % pure fantasy and 1 % fact on the artifacts . Perhaps Ms Auel 's next book should be Science Fiction where her mix of customs and language would not be so jarring . Put it on another planet and it might be more digestable .
 Like so many others , I was anxious to read Jean Auel 's new book . How very disappointing . Where oh where was the editor ? It was n't just the repetitions from previous books ; but repetitions from 3 pages back that were jarring . If you 've enjoyed this series , skip this book and see if she can do any better on the next one .
 I too read all of Jean M. Auels ' previous novels and while I LOVED , LOVED The Clan of the Cave Bear each successive book went downhill . However , I was n't quite prepared for the lengthy , wordy , descriptive -LRB- ad nauseum -RRB- story in her latest effort . I agree her research is intense and obviously feels very strongly about it but I wanted to read this book for a fun summer read , not a lecture on prehistoric man/woman . I also agree with a previous review , the characters are very one dimensional - the good people are good and the bad people are bad . I am loathe to put a book down once I start it , however I was tempted many times with this one . Now that I have finally finished it , I have no plans to read any future installments .
 I kept doggedly reading , hoping to return to the storyteller I had found in the first 4 books . Never happened . Was there an editor ? Ayla 's story deserves to be told without endless repetition of descriptions of scenery , introductions to characters that are never developed , and story lines that are started and then dropped without any explanation . I could n't recommend this book to anyone .
 I imagine it is not fair of me to review a book I had no desire to continue with ... And it is so rare for me NOT to labor on with a book searching for whatever is redeeming within its bindings ... but in this case , I agree completely with the reviewer missingtexas . The writing style is monotonous , I could care less about the characters , and the larger themes and `` issues '' e.g. racial discrimination of `` flatheads '' as reflection of our current societies ills was so contrived . Insultingly simple , irretrievably dull !
 Unlike most of the gang here , I only `` discovered '' Jean Auel 's books about a month ago . I picked up Plains of Passage and was enthralled with Ms. Auel 's delightful way of bringing human pre-history into a believable story . I went out and bought the first three books to fill in the gaps in my knowledge and enjoyed them all immensely . Having then read the whole series up to book # 4 , I decided to splurge and treat myself to a hardcover of JA 's latest Shelters of Stone.Unfortunately , I was extremely disappointed in this 741-page tome . I have to agree with most of the negative reviews here . I think the most frustrating aspect for me about this book is that JA layed the groundwork for some potentially interesting plot twists with the characters of Marona , Brukeval , Laramar and Madroman and the white quartz cave , but then failed to use them to create anything more than minor tension in the plot . I get the feeling that she was just setting the stage for book # 6 , but if SoS is any indication , she 'll have to reintroduce all those potential villains in the next book anyway , so we 'll be stuck with more copy and paste boilerplate in book six.Did I say the best thing about this was the endflap maps ? Actually , they would have been much more useful if they had included the names and locations of each of the Zelandonii caves on the maps instead of just their place names . Also , having all the Zelandonia with the same name only differentiated by cave number was bad enough , but then she sticks in the four Zelondoni of the 29th cave to really confuse things.I agree with some of the other reviewers
 I bought the whole series -LRB- The Clan of the Cave Bear , Valley of Horses , The Mammoth Hunters , Plains of Passage , The Shelters of Stone -RRB- so I could relive the excitement I felt when I first read them years ago . By the time I finished the Plains of Passage , I was getting bored with the repetition . Then I started Shelters and was so disappointed I wanted to scream , it was worse ! Much worse ! How many times do we have to hear the Iza taught Ayla to wash after sex ? This book was a disappointment . I hope Ms. Auel does n't rely on previous material in the final book of the series to fill in the space between the covers !
 I am only half way through , and probably will not finish !! This is a big disapointment . Ms Auel seems to tout the French aspect of this book by the wine , the cusine , the erotic sex and the advanced vocabulary !! The ploy of waiting so long to publish this book has made her a LOT of money . Personally I would like a refund !!
 After waiting 11 years I was really disappointed . It seemed that everytime someone new was introduced , it took three paragraphs to tell who they were . Maybe Jean Auel will have another book out in about 20 years and by then I wo n't be around to read it . A very drawn out tale , not what I had expected .
 Perhaps I was expecting too much , given the long wait since book four , and considering that I thoroughly enjoyed the other four books in the series . However , this book for me was nothing but a brain dulling barrage of introductions and recaps of the other books in the series . In fact , I must admit that I did not finish reading this book . After 200 pages of pure `` nothing , '' I finally decided to discard it . I had help with this decision , though . A good friend of mine began listening to the book on tapes at the same time I began reading . She finished -- only because she has a long commute and nothing better to do -- and quickly informed me that absolutely `` nothing '' happens , that there is no drama , action , or any form of brain teasing within the pages of this new book from Jean Auel .
 This book is equivalent to my 6th grader 's book report . I am extremely disappointed that Ms Auel can not call it quits.Don ' t waste time reading the jacket cover !
 After a decade , both Jean Auel and Robert Waller produced follow-ups to previous hits . I read both and wished I had not wasted my time nor money .
 Now we know why it took Jean 12 years to finish this book . Her muse is gone and with it everything that made the earlier books compelling and interesting . We can only hope she 'll find it again for the final book .
 This book is a real snooze . I plan to keep it near my nightstand for the next 12 years - just in case I have trouble dozing off . I loved Clan of the Cave Bear and really enjoyed the next 3 books , but this book is nothing more than a 700 page description of the way the continent of Europe looked 30,000 years ago . BORING stuff . As for the brilliant Ayla , she is relegated to a pathetic shell of her former self . I agree with all the other reviewers about the boring sex scenes , rehash of the Clan ways , etc. etc. . That hunt on the 2nd day -LRB- page 250 thru 280 or so -RRB- was very contrived . They were so greedy they had to have 2 hunts ? This was done more to show off Ayla 's skill and Jondular 's spear than to entertain the reader . It seems that way too much in this book is just ` filler ' . I will not run out and buy the sixth book Ms. Auel . When I hear it 's been published , I 'll re-read Clan of the Cave Bear .
 Ok everyone , I written a review back on the 14th of May . And have looked over all the other reviews . For those of us who are HIGHLY disappointed ~ I feel we need to write our `` Beloved '' Ms. Auel and hopefully she will get the point . For I truely hope she is not glossing over all this just to finish the series and end it.She has worked so hard on the previous books . . is she suffering from writers block ?! Perhaps she needs to make the next and final book a readers choice ~ a interactive one . Where we can choose which way we want to go with the story . You know those book types , we used to read them as a child . Choose # 4 if you want the hero to enter the house . If not choose # 5 to go on to the bay.I am just so chessed off , that we waited so long for a book that now can be use as a door stop , a weapon and / or toliet paper -LRB- depending on one 's up bringing and plumbing -RRB- . Either way folks we have taken it up the windward channel ~ for Ms. Auel did not live up to expectations and/or her editors need hooked on phonics or they suffer from obessive compulsive disorders . Where they have to repeat everything about a hundred times.Pehaps we need to have a EARTH CHILDREN 's support group .
 This is sort of a blanket review of the whole Earth 's Children series , as far as it has gone so far . The story line is worth 31/2 to 4stars at least but the writing that went into it is worth no morethan 1 star at best and should be awarded less if thet were possibleEach time a new volumn has come out I have re-read the series frombook 1 as well as several additional readings in between . Withrespect to what I will be saying below this may be hard to believebut after reading the Clan of the Cave Bear I expected much more fromthe rest of the series and kept going back to look for it . Needlessto say I never found it.I have just spent several hours going over at least 30 + reviews ofeach of the five volumns of the series published to date -LRB- Iunderstand there will now be seven books in the series rather thanthe original plan of ending the set with book six -RRB- . The first book , The Clan of the Cave Bear , was good reading , especialy for people not expert in pre-historic civilizations . Thecharacters were fairly well developed and the story line was clearcut . To my mind the first and worst mistake Ms Auel made was toatribute psycic powers to the neanderthals and having them born withall the memories of ther direct ancestors for untold generationsalready in their brains . This should not have been unecessary and itchanged the whole theme from her originally stated plan of historicfiction to pure fantasy . As far as books 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 of the series , if you take most of the comments from all the reviewers who awardedeach of them only 1 or 2 stars you will have a pretty good picture ofthe authors ability as a story teller . It is obvious the Ms Auel ` scontract with the publisher allows her to be paid by the word foreach of these stories and this may be her only source of income . Ifthe editor , if there was one , had removed even most of the repetitionthe page count for each of these last four books would have beenreduced by at least 60 to 70 percent.I have yet to see another author show such utter contempt for theinteligence of their readers as Ms Auel has done with this series.The only explanation I can think of is that she is writing for thosewith an attention span of a three or four year old . I did n't mindseveral pages on the different grasses growing on the iceage tundra - the first time . But when I see the same text almost word for worda second time and then a third and fourth time in the same book itgets tiersome , especially when the same descriptions show up justas often in the next two books as well . I am no prude , I have readmy share of ` R ' and , yes , even ` X ' rated stories , but even there Ihave seldom found an author so obsessed with the need to expresssexuality in such detail . I ca n't understand how your 13 and 14year old reviewers ever got hold of copies to read , especiallythose who mention finding them in school libraries.Other than the repetition the most common complaints were made aboutAyla being a ` super-woman-genius ' inventing everything known to manfrom flint fire starting to surgical sutures . -LRB- I think some readersexpected hot air baloons to help them cross the glacier and maybe anuclear reactor in the deeper caves . -RRB- The one thing that this makesvery clear to me was that NOT ONE SINGLE REVIEWER SEEMED TO REMEMBERWHAT THE ` EARTH 'S CHILDREN ' SERIES WAS ALL ABOUT ! This set of bookswas supposed to show the development of humanity from the Neanderthalthrough , at least , the Cro-magnon peoples . The inventions appearingin the stories took place over tens of thousands of years at least.If you would only pay attention to what you are reading you willnotice that each group of people Ayla comes in contact with issomewhat more advanced than the last in social structure and/orsurvival techniques . During her journey Ayla has not traveled justa thousand miles or so , she has also traveled at least a hundredthousand years . Ayla is not a single person except as a means ofcarrying the story of mankind foward . If you can considered her asthe ` spirit ' of MAN moving through history many of these complaintson the story line can be ignored . I only wish the same could applyto the lack of writing ability on the part of the author . I haveseen better written stories come out of 7th and 8th grade Englishclasses .
 The author is obsessed with her exploration of the historic sights and forces descriptions of minutiae on us that add nothing to the story ; in fact , they take the place of character development and divert the story line.As much as I liked the first three in the series , I put this one down for good just over half through . I would give NO stars if the rating system allowed that .
 I 'm sorry to say , and sorry to use this language , but it sucked . Pretty much what other reivewers said is true . What a terrible disappointement . I read the first one over 20 years ago , and wanted and waited for this one . What a let down . What a ripoff !
 ... that 's the most appropriate word to describe how I feel about this long awaited book .
 I was only able to get to page 200 , and I think that only covered two days . I have no idea as to what the point of this book is ! It is slow , overly attentive to detail , and oversimplifies the obvious . The explanations and `` origins '' of things we are accustomed to are laughable . Do not waste your time on this book . Life is way to short !
 I 'm sorry . This book was a real disappointment . I read and then reread ALL of Auel 's books as I would await the next book -LRB- s -RRB- . When I saw the size of the latest I was just SURE it would be full of new adventures and stories of Ayla & Jondolar . But that was not the case . I found the book to be uninteresting and dull in comparison to her previous 4 books.Actually , I was left with a feeling that Jean Auel did not write this book . The first 4 books left me always waiting for the next book . Not so with this book.Jean Auel could have summed up what happened in this entire book inside of two chapters . Do n't know what happened to her style or her story . Like I said earlier ... I just do n't believe she wrote this book.What a shame .
 I am determined to get through this dragged out , repetitious disappointing book , no matter what ! I 've read all Jean 's other Children of the Earth Series and will not read any further ones.I think Jean forgets this is supposed to be set in the days of the CAVEMEN . Having a `` quiet cup of tea '' and figuring out not only does a woman 's menses come when the moon is the same each month but also that the `` dominent female in a household usually sets the time for all females in that group to get their period also is quite advanced for that time ! Seems it was n't too long algo that modern folks figured that out . Almost every page gives me reason to say , `` Oh Good Grief ... ! '' I 'm still waiting for Ayla to come out with a stone version of the modern computer . It seems that Jean takes our modern world and changes a few , minute things , and thinks it makes a plausible leap . NOT !! I am taking FOREVER to finish this book , but I 'm determined to see if there are ANY redeeming pages in it . It is no longer a story of an ancient people . With all the experts she supposedly consulted and visited with , you 'd think there might be a bit more authenticity put forth in the book . Very disappointing .
 I could n't bring myself to get past the first hundred pages . The writing is repetitive and oversimplified . I felt like I was reading a grown up `` Dick and Jane '' . I wo n't go to see movies like `` Dumb and Dumber '' and I do n't read novels written like The Shelters of Stone.I loved Clan of the Cave Bear ... but this ... Oh no , Mr. Bill !
 First off , I 'm very glad that I got this from the library and did n't waste my money.This book hardly justifies a 12 year wait for some fans . 3 years , in my case . It 's boring , repetitive , and does n't even offer anything significant to justify its incredible length.What about all the buildup , the incredible conflict we expected ? What about Zolena , Jondalar 's former lover , being a possible factor between Ayla and Jondalar ? Nope , she has to be incredibly fat and thus sexually undesirable , an effectively neutered woman . Jondalar 's former fiancee is portrayed as completely rabid and malicious , when she 's more than entitled to a little resentment of Ayla and Jondalar . The man * jilted * her , after all . But no , if you dislike Ayla , that makes you rotten to the core.The Zelandoni prejudice against the people of the Clan that we were all so afraid of ? Dealt with in one tiny scene wherein all Zelandoni are ooing and ahhing over Ayla 's sign language . Give me a break . That 's disgustingly unreal , and a disgrace after all the hype about it for the past three books.The `` villains '' are cardboard stereotypes . Those who are n't immediately enthralled by Ayla we * surprisingly * find are bad , evil people . I 'm in mind of Frebec from `` MH '' here ... he was a fully developed quasi-villain whose transformation was within the realms of belief . No such luck here . They 're totally bad and have the utter gall to try and humiliate or hurt dear Ayla.Ayla makes no faux pas , saves every situation with perfect panache , enchants everybody despite her having been raised by -LRB- and having had sex with -RRB- `` animal flatheads '' . -LRB- Which everybody conveniently accepts despite long-standing prejudice that 's been harped on for the past three books . -RRB- In fan fiction there is a word for a beautiful , incredibly talented , and universally liked perfect young woman . It 's a `` Mary Sue '' , and it is not a complimentary term.Ayla 's lost all depth she had in `` Cave Bear '' to become the original Cro-Magnon Mary Sue , perfect in every way . Every Paleolithic -LRB- and some Neolithic ! -RRB- innovation can apparently be traced to her somehow
 ... The Shelters of Stone is not a good book , and it is not a bad book that is fun . It 's such an incredible departure from Auel 's other books that I question whether she actually wrote it herself . Let me tell you why.In the previous Earth 's Children books , she tended to get somewhat flowery and overblown with descriptions of , say , prehistoric tundra landscapes or intricate cultural customs . But the overblown descriptions were at least engaging . She 's never been a master of character development -- the characters have always been very one-sided , with the good people being superhumanly good and the bad people being very , very bad -- but at least she made you care about the characters to some extent . And she 's never been particularly excellent at writing dialogue , but at least every once in awhile she 'd hit upon something poignant , or funny , or interesting.None of these things happen in the Shelters of Stone.The book is a cold , stilted , haphazard , frankly -LSB- weak -RSB- attempt at continuing the story of Ayla , who loyal readers have known and loved and been following for over 20 years now . The characters are cut from cardboard and stuck in at random intervals where it seems convenient , not to move the story along . Not that there 's much of a story -- frankly , about 3/4 of the book is exposition from the previous 4 books . Very little actually happens in Shelters of Stone that you have n't seen happen in the previous books . Ayla and Jondalar meet the Zelandonii , and then every time they meet someone new there 's the endless round of introductions , they have to explain Ayla 's background , how she got the animals , the spear-throwers , the firestones , etc. etc. ad nauseum.There is thankfully much less explicit sex in this book than in the former books , but Auel more than makes up for the tedious sex scenes with the tedious exposition of covered territory over and over and over . Events that should be touching -- weddings , deaths , births -- are glossed over or ham-handedly dealt with , but then followed by pages and pages of Ayla and Jondalar explaining Ayla 's background , which we 've known the most intimate details of for four books now . I found myself skipping large portions of chapters just so I could get to the next part that actually had something to do with the story.The dialogue between the characters is so awkward it 's painful at times -- it sounds like an 8th-grader 's first effort at writing a skit for the school play . The narrative , dialogue and plot careen from point to point , emotion to emotion with seemingly no direction or finesse . Some of the details that have been consistent through the last four books are now different in this book , like the spelling of a major character 's name . There were some great opportunities to tell parts of the story we had n't heard before , about Jondalar 's background , but none of those were explored in favor of having Ayla explain for the umpteenth time to some person how she trained Wolf . Also , whoever edited this book needs to be fired , because on top of the numerous problems discussed above , there are comma splices , sentence fragments and other grammatical problems throughout the book . Maybe Ms. Auel was given final edit ; if so , that was a really , really bad idea.If Ms. Auel was a new writer and not an established author with several bestsellers backing her up , there 's no way this book would have seen the light of day . There are too many literary problems with this novel to even enumerate here . Frankly , the book stunk . It was painful for me to read it , and I was actually sorry afterwards that I had spent money on a hardback.I wanted so much to love this book . I had a bad feeling when I read the first two advance chapters in my bookstore late last year -- the writing just did n't seem up to par with her previous efforts . I honestly believe that Auel only wrote maybe 25 percent of the book , and the editors hastily cobbled together the other 75 percent out of the last four books . I understand there 's a sixth book in the works . I 'll be waiting for the -LRB- used -RRB- paperback on that one . It kills me to say this , but if this is the best Auel can do , maybe she should think about retirement .
 My first reaction when I finally turned the last page of `` The Shelters of Stone '' was `` I waited twelve years for THIS ? '' Indeed , the only thing that made me stick with the reading until the last page was the forlorn hope that Auel would stop repeating herself and maybe something interesting would happen.Like many `` Earth 's Children '' fans , I waited with bated breath to see what might finally happen when the sexy cave hero Jondalar brings the even sexier cave heroine Ayla back home to meet his people . We 'd already been led in previous books to believe that Ayla 's introduction to the Zelandoni would be anything but smooth . The Zelandoni -LRB- we have been told -RRB- believe that the Neanderthals who raised Ayla are animals and any children produced from Neanderthal-Human trysts are `` abominations . '' Particularly intriguing were what we imagined might happen when Ayla met Jondalar 's old love , Zolena -LRB- who is now `` Zelandoni of the Ninth Cave , '' and who in a mere five years has become a gargatuan image of the woman Jondalar loved ; so we no longer have to anticipate a conflict between Ayla and the most powerful Zelandoni priestess . Would 've been fascinating , but oh well ! -RRB- , his old ex-fiancee Marona , and his powerful but prideful mother , Marthona . How would Ayla , whom we know as fiercely protective of her Neanderthal adoptive family , react to a people who might judge her based on her past history with these `` animals ? '' We could n't wait to find out ! And what would Jondalar do , who in previous books was torn between his intense love for Ayla and his worry over what his family might think ? Oh please tell us!So , what happened ? Ayla meets Jondalar 's family . They think she 's kind of strange , but nice -LRB- several of them fall in love with her -RRB- . Ayla meets the rest of Jondalar 's people . They think she 's kind of strange , but nice -LRB- several of them fall in love with her -RRB- . She goes to the Summer meeting and meets a lot of other people . Mostly , they all think she 's kind of strange , but nice -LRB- several of them fall in love with her . -RRB- A few think she 's kind of strange and are intensely jealous that everyone else thinks she 's nice ... although it is made clear that anyone who does n't love Ayla has serious problems . One of these is the Cave drunk , who lusts after her body but is offended because she 's given more status than he . Then there 's the ex-fiance Marona , a character who is n't even believably realistic . She turns out to be a pouty , juvinile acting brat whom one doubts Jondalar would have ever actually had anything to do with . The meeting of ex-fiancee and Ayla is so predictable it took effort to get through it.Truth be told , the entire book took so much effort to get through that I skipped or skimmed large sections ... something this reader rarely ever does!The * best * thing about the former books was the intensely erotic love scenes . I once thought that Auel wrote better erotica than anyone else I 'd ever read . Well , something happened between the last book and this one because even the cave-love has lost it 's draw . While an intergral part of former stories , the erotic scenes in this installment seem almost an afterthought , as if Auel would rather be writing something else -LRB- such as another endlessly detailed description of the making of cave-objects , baskets , mats , clothing and the like -RRB- and inserted the love-scene only because she knew the readers expected it.About the endless descriptiveness , especially of early human culture
 My mom bought this book to read on a plane trip after reading the previous novels , and since I had also read them , she gave it to me after she was finished . Here for the first time I 'm going to break one of my own personal rules and review a book that I did n't finish . I 've read many hefty books with higher page counts in my time . Why did n't I finish Shelters of Stone ? Because it 's so drop dead boring , and because the main character 's extreme Mary Sue-ish ` qualities ' have really started to grate on my nerves.I enjoyed Clan of the Cave Bear the best , since then things have been all downhill . With this book , things have fallen very far indeed . As other reviews have mentioned , there 's an unbearable amount of repetition , not just of previous volumes , but repetition within the book itself . I 'd be fine with it if it only happened once and then was skipped or abridged in later explinations , but no ... We have to suffer through the complete retelling of everything every time . How many times can a reader suffer through the discovery of firestones without slitting their wrists with one ? Now we know.I gave up reading about halfway through , because nothing happened . And I mean really , nothing happened . Nada . Zip . They got to Jondalar 's home . Everyone is over the fact that Ayla was raised by ` flatheads ' in record time , wasting a plot point that had been built up in the last three books and turning it into a barely there afterthought . Anticlimactic is an understatement . Ayla gets introduced , gets tricked into wearing inappropriate clothing and there 's a hunt . That 's it . It took around 250 pages to get to this point . I 've read better books that were over in fewer pages.Then there 's Ayla . A good 95 % of the characters in the book -LRB- I hesitate to say ` story ' because there really is n't one -RRB- seems to exist just to remark on how amazing she is . Repeatedly . Everyone she meets just has to swoon and realize how she 's wonderful and gorgeous and smart and gosh just is n't she so darn peachy keen ? Except , of course , they 're supposed to be a villain , and then they just hate her on sight for no reason . Maybe they have a point though , because I 've started to actively dislike her myself . Ayla never does anything wrong . Never makes mistakes that cause problems , never suffers from jealousy , never wishes that the perpetrators of a cruel practical joke played on her would fall off a cliff , never feels overwhelmed at all the people she 's suddenly having to face , and is just the bestest ever at everything she ever tries to do . She just prances around the tundra acting like some kind of prehistoric female Thomas Edison celebrity superstar , complete with adoring groupie squad.Speaking of the adoring groupie squad , what the heck happened to Jondalar ? Over the course of three books he 's gone from being at least an interesting -LRB- if overly angsty and guilt ridden -RRB- love interest to some kind of Ayla bodyguard/yes man/body temperature dildo . In fact , the only reason he 's notable in this book is by his absence , mentally if not physically . The only time he has any input anymore is when it 's in relation to Ayla . You 'd think he 'd be conflicted , or at least a little nervous about introducing a strange woman who 's been raised by people that his relatives consider little better than animals , but no ... He stumbles through SoS almost as an accessory to Ayla . The name Jonayla could almost fit Jondalar himself in this book.Do yourself a favor . Avoid this book unless what you 're looking for is a cure for insomnia .
 If all you want to do is find out what happened to Ayla and Jondalar next , then wait for the paperback or go to the library . I have seldom read a less satisfying book . I was n't bothered by the recapitulation -LRB- it 'd been 12 years after all -RRB- or the descriptions of the landscape and technology , which I have come to expect . The irritation starts with the stilted dialogue and the constant repetition of what Ayla knows that no one else does.Also , there are a number of clumsy moments in the book . Her second or third day she literally wanders from dwelling to dwelling looking for something to do.But what really galls is the complete lack of any dramatic tension , brought about by the endless introduction of plot lines that go nowhere . The Amazon summary mentions two
 I 've never trashed a book like this , especially when I had been such a devout follower of the `` Earth Children '' series . Unfortunately , I have to . This book is utterly boring and chock full of seemingly unending repetition . How many hundreds of times within a novel can an author rewrite a person introducing themselves to someone else and then explaining it again and again ? The main character , Ayla comes across as an absolutely perfect being . Not only is she so beautiful that no one could compare to her , but she has no faults . She is perfect in everything she does no matter what it is . After a while , she comes across as the fully airbrushed Cosmo girl of the Cro-Magnon set . She might as well be played by Brittney Spears because there is n't much else left of Ayla now that she has `` arrived '' at the biggest cave in the neighborhood . Everyone fawns over her , stands in awe of her and while gushing over her no character seems to be able to refrain from inevitably loving her accent -LRB- which we are endlessly reminded that she has -RRB- ! In the one instance a character comes along and embarrassess her , that character is banished for hundreds of pages . The minutiae of detail is mind numbing and there is literally no action for chapters on end other than people walking around , walking to another cave , sitting around talking or walking and talking . Jondalar makes occasional appearances to grin at her suggestively , have sex with her -LRB- which is the same old stuff you get in any boring cheap novel -RRB- and as her -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- absolutely perfect mate , knaps a few tools , throws a spear or two , and walks around with everyone else.Don ' t bother with this one . You can read the first couple of chapters , skip to the last couple and you really , truly , wo n't have missed anything else . Read `` The Valley of Horses '' instead for what Auel has lost in this really bad set of notes in disguise as a book . Want a good read in Sci Fi ? Read Dan Simmons ' ILIUM-Now THAT will give you a mountain of good summer reading !!!
 This book is the fastest ticket to snooze land ever written . Both my wife and I enjoyed thd previous books in the series ; but the shere inanity of this volume has us baffled.It has no redeeming story , action and if filled with TONS of repetitive material , a juvenile plot that in essence makes a complete mockery of the major protagonists . Its plot devices , internal dialogue -LRB- writing , speech and grammar -RRB- are childish and uninspired . It appears to be a book more geared to young teen girls who envision Ayla -LRB- and themselves -RRB- as the ultimate uber woman who siglehandedly is resposible for all of the social and techonological development of humanity . Not only is this absurdity compounded by making Ayla into such two dimensional cliche ; but by totally destroying any sense of character development , a sense of struggle and Ayla 's humanity that marked they earlier books in the series . ... Bottom line
 One cliche that 's drilled into students of creative writing -LRB- besides `` write what you know '' -RRB- is `` show , do n't tell '' . Auel needs to go back to creative writing class.I lost count of the number of paragraphs that started with various takes on `` X thought about what had happened '' and proceeded to dissect the ho-hum minutiae of a very transparent situation for those who might have been too intellectually challenged to observe the basics of human interaction for themselves . Furthermore , after five books , our precious Ayla has yet to develop any realistic character flaws . This particular installment dwells on her perfection in nauseating abundance , as everyone around her -LRB- even the occasional unconvincing `` enemy '' -RRB- repeatedly remarks on what a wonderful specimen of humanity she is.Very little of dramatic interest occurs in the plotline , and the anthropological , archaeological , and naturalistic details whose gleaning made the other books in the series decently worthwhile reads are few and far between.Others here have already mentioned the repetitiveness , so I wo n't elaborate on that here . But when even the `` juicy bits '' make you yawn , you know there 's something wrong.This was one book I was VERY glad to leave behind me when I was travelling
 What a let down !! After waiting over a decade , THIS is all that Jean Auel could think up ?? The book should have been called `` How to stretch a 300 page book to 700 pages . '' This book is terrible . After leaving us hanging in the last book with Ayla 's first glimpse of Jondalar 's home and her sense of deja vu , Ms. Auel does nothing more than go through the day to day drivel of life with the Zelandonii . It seemed like every other page contained either 1 -RRB- a description of the entire world , 2 -RRB- yet another comparison of Jondalar 's eyes and a glacier , 3 -RRB- another long explaination of permafrost or 4 -RRB- an even longer explaination of working hides into leather.This book had no real plot and certainly no action . When I was in school , we were taught that a story should have an introduction , then a build-up to a climax between the protagonist and antagonist , then a conclusion . This book has only the first part . If Ms. Auel was wanting only to write a prelude to another book , she succeeded . Whether or not anyone who has read this book will sit through the next one , who knows.I know that these reviews are supposed to be about the content of the book , but , I do n't think the guidelines are capable of handling a book with no content . The book is basically a year in the life of Ayla and Jondalar while living with Jondalar 's people . The characters are not developed , Ayla is a wimp and Jondalar is so 2 dimensional he would be unable to stand in the real world . I 've said it once already , but I have to say it again . This book was terrible ! It took me almost 2 weeks to struggle through it and I kept thinking that it would get better . It never did . I usually read 2-3 books a week while working full time . I have read and liked books that most of my friends and my husband hated . I read books like other people watch TV , for pure entertainment value . If I can not find a redeeming quality in a book , it does n't have one -LRB- kindling and paper weights excluded -RRB- . If you have n't read this book , DO N'T . Wait for the next one . You will not have missed a thing . In fact , if you read this book instead of doing other things you like to do , you will be doing yourself a great disservice . Did I mention the fact that this book was TERRIBLE ?
 After a long wait , Shelters of Stone is a disappointment . I wait and wait for a plot to develop , but most of the words involve Jondalar 's throbbing manhood -LRB- O spare me -RRB- , Ayla 's oral fixation on the said manhood , lengthy geological lectures , rambling landscape narratives , the same-old-same-old surprises that surprise everyone who meets this surprising woman , the repetition of facts -LRB- as if either the author forgot she mentioned things two pages earlier , or she believes the reader has forgotten -RRB- , those rotten spear throwers appearing fifteen times -LRB- with people always being surprised -RRB- , Ayla developing society and modern technology single-handedly -LRB- in the next volume does she invent Glad Wrap and the TCP-IP protocol ? -RRB- , and the poor Wolf and horses who -LRB- of course -RRB- surprise people and fill them with wonder every time they appear . Really , Jean
 I assigned a rating of 2 stars for these reasons
 Like everyone else , I waited for tweleve years for this book . . and I ran out and bought it as soon as I could.I want my money and my nine hours back.The characters are bland . There was no plot , no twists , and just about nothing happening that was n't either easy to foresee or a rehash of books one through four.Wait till book six comes out , then pick this one up in paperback and skim it . Trust me , I 'm trying to save you the anguish of characters you ca n't get into , events that are just plain silly , and the endless retelling of events that you do n't need to be told about if you bothered to read the rest of the series .
 No one is a bigger fan of `` The Clan of the Cave Bear '' than I am - I 've read it cover-to-cover at least 10 times since 1996 . And the same goes for the others in the series -LRB- especially `` The Mammoth Hunters '' -RRB- which were all really great . I will not be rereading `` Shelters , '' I 'm sorry to say . I got the impression that the whole story , inflated to over 700 pages , could have easily fit in the first 100 pages of the next book . All the conflict built up to in the last few books - especially the very big question of the Zelandonii 's acceptance of Ayla and her Clan background and son - were dismissed entirely . Oops , I guess Jondalar did n't have reason to be worried after all . Kind of makes you wonder why he almost left her behind out of fear of his people 's reaction . There 's no story here - just constant introduction and repetition . Read it only if you plan to read the 6th , so you wo n't be lost in a maze of characters .
 Over the course of 20 years Auel has taken us from the peninsula in the inland sea , up north and now to the Great Waters of the West . Ayla , Jondalar , Wolf , Whinny and Racer have finally made it across the continent to the homeland of the Zelandoni . I only suggest reading this book if you are a diehard Ayla fan like I am or if you have never read any of the other Earth 's Children books.Being a long time fan of the series , it was only my love for the wonderful heroine that made me actually finish this book through . The little development in the two main characters was very disappointing . Probably the best character was the First Among Those Who Serve the Mother . However , it becomes obvious the further you read that Auel is only setting the stage for what will be her next book in the series . In my opinion that was n't very fair to this book , but it definitely leaves your mouth watering for more.If you think you can handle repeat explanations of things that have happened in other books , you should be fine . But I seriously could n't handle hearing about how Wolf was raised with the children of the Lion Camp over and over and over . And enough with the Mother 's Song ! Three times is more than sufficient ... and it 's even written in the back of the book too . There WILL definately be times where you 'll groan , roll your eyes and skip a few paragraphs . However , it is the repeating of past events that makes this book easy to read for those new Earth 's Children . You do n't have to read all the other books to understand what 's going on . If anything , it will make you want to go back and read them to know more about what had happened to the mysterious and beautiful woman , Ayla . You will learn to love her as so many already do.I suggest you buy the first three of the series instead . Books four and five are just missing something ... And it almost seems like Auel knows that because she kept rehashing material from her previous books . It feels like Auel was struggling with this one .
 It was like seeing `` The Phantom Menace '' -- you wanted to like it , you tried to like it , but halfway through you realize you just want to finish it because you 've waited so long for it . Nothing really compelling here . It feels like an in-between story , a filler , except it 's 700 pages long ! Unlike the previous books , which would keep me up till the wee hours -LRB- even with a full days work the next day -RRB- immersed in another place , another time , this one can be read with one eye on the TV and you wo n't miss much.It 's too bad because so many of us have anticipated this book with good feelings for so long and would have been generous in our reviews had we been given a little more than the bone thrown at us .
 I waited twelve years for this !? Ah , well , I suppose it 's my own fault for looking forward to this book so much ; maybe I was bound to be let down . At any rate , I ca n't imagine this latest installment attracting any new fans for the series . There is a boring lack of tension , conflict , and excitement throughout the book , which is partly what made the first four books in the series such enjoyable reads . Personally , I 'm tired of Ayla and Jondalar being so perfect ALL the time -- do n't they ever miss when they go hunting ? Does n't she ever have a bad hair day ? Do n't either of them ever think sex was `` just OK '' ? Does Ayla ever wish for something that she does n't get ? Also , there were some things that just rang untrue in The Shelters of Stone ; for example , when Jondalar arrives home after being gone for five years , you 'd think his mother 's second comment , after `` Welcome back , '' would be `` Where 's your brother ? '' But , no , apparently it does n't occur to her to wonder about her other son for quite a long time after Jondalar & Ayla 's arrival . Do you know ANY mother who would act that way ? This book basically seems to be a bridge between the previous ones and the next one , whenever that will be . Just read the endpapers and save yourself some money .
 I waited twelve years for this ? I have loved Ms. Auel 's other books , but this one is a great disappointment.It reminded me of a child that had to do a 1,000 word essay and could only find 200 words for the essay . I found myself skipping several pages at a time because I was tired of reading the same thing repeatedly . It seems as if Ms. Auel has forgotten how to fill out the people in her books and make them seem real as she has in past books . With her previous books I could not put them down until I had finished them , not even to sleep , but with this book I found myself forcing myself just to read a few pages at a time , I just kept thinking it has to get better , but it did n't . I can only hope that she recaptures her old style and that book six is much better than book five .
 A few years ago my mother encouraged me to read Clan of the Cave Bear ... and as I 'm sure the majority of people who read the book did . I admired Ayla for her independence and courage , and Auel for creating such a vivid character . However with each following book I read Ayla became more plain and less interesting along with the general quality of each novel . As for the rest of the characters ... Ayla 's mate Jondalar is no more than a one dimensional sex object and not much more can be said for the other characters . The majority of them are just bland copies of characters in Auel 's other novels -LRB- ex . Broud to Brukeval , Frebbec to Laramar , etc etc -RRB- . No character stands out a real living , breathing human being.As for the plot ... there is none . The majority of the 700-some page book is spent up in descriptions of animals or rock formations , the same sex scenes over and over again , Ayla reminiscing , or the god-awful Mother Song that appeared every twenty pages.Auel has definitely lost fans with this book . With any hope she 'll be able to make up for it in the next book of her series .
 My gosh , that was bad.The writer keeps on repeating the same segments within the book . She 'll write down lenghty flashbacks of events that happened a 100 pages before . Added to that , she keeps on using flashbacks of the other books as well.It 's insultive and incredibly repetitive . And I 'm not going to forgive her for that , since it 's quite obvious that she either thinks we are all imbeciles who ca n't remember any info for more then a few minutes , OR it 's a page-filler trick , which might be even worse.I LOVED the first book , liked the second , minus the Jondalar bits which I really disliked , liked the 3rd a bit less , started to very much dislike the by then stale storylines in 4 , and have now lost all respect for Ms. Auel as a writer.I do n't really buy all that stuff about her doing so much research in France etc either , sounds more like a paid holiday to me . Much of the info she could have just pieced together by reading just a few history-books on that period.What a shame . I loved Ayla so much . Now she 's just some horribly obnoxious blonde cave-barbie without any depth , no matter how much the whole ` spiritual side ' of her is being shoved down our throaths.And do n't even get me started on the creepy Jondalar with his apperently huge ` manhood ' , and his affections towards young virgins who he just LOVES to guide into womanhood with his extremely large extension of himself ... * cough * All under the noble disguise of selfishly letting them know what pleasure is all about , of course . Yech.If you loved the first book then just stop reading there!Or at least do n't buy this one , check it out at the library first .
 I was incredibly disappointed by the latest installment of the Earth 's Children series . There was far too much emphasis on the Earth , and not nearly enough on the Children.First , the major events of this book are almost skipped over to get to more description of the local landscape . I would like to have had more heartfelt descriptions of the adoption ceremony , the matrimonial and the birth of the child . I felt like they were just added as plot points , rather than major events.Secondly , I agree with many of the other reviewers that the constant greeting and naming of ties is tiresome and overdone . Occasionally it was glossed over with a `` so-and-so named their major ties , '' but I suspect that most of it was added as filler , to get the page count up . Would n't be an Earth 's Children novel at 400 pages.Finally , the repetition of past events . Good grief , if someone has n't read the other books , too bad ! They should ! The old books are far better than this one ! A few sentences of remembering I can forgive , but the constant reiteration was really poor storytelling -LRB- or editing , or whatever -RRB- . If Mz . Auel was concerned people woulnd ' t be able to follow the plot , they should have reissued the previous books . Oh , wait , they did . Then I must assume that like the name and ties , the backstory retelling was done to pump up the page count , and the price.This chapter of Ayla 's story is obviously a bridge to the sixth and final work , which will no doubt deal with Ayla 's zelandoni training . I recognize a transition book when I see one . But this book should have had about half the page count , and perhaps dealt with the important events of the homecoming of Jonde and the assimilation of Ayla rather than simply treating the plot as a vehicle for the description of the terrain .
 First I want to establish my `` credentials . '' Of my favorite books in the world , Jean Auel 's Earth 's Children series make up the first four . I have been her ardent fan since I first read her books at ten years old and have devoured every word many times over . I have owned many copies of the series and they have all fallen apart from rereading . They were a major formative force in my life , leading me to study archaeology and ancient art in college . I waited eleven years for this book!It is difficult to say anything that has not already been covered by other reviewers , but I will try . The good first ... it is an absolute joy to read about Ayla and Jondalar again : ^ -RRB- -RRB- It 's like catching up with old friends , camping with them for a weekend . I also enjoyed the fact I am familiar with the area where all of this took place , along the Dordogne River of France . I guess I could say that if you had never read anything else by Jean Auel you could still read this book and follow the `` plot . `` But you see , that is the problem . Any attempt at a plot is submerged beneath the recaps of the material from the previous books , word for word , in italics . Nothing is left to the imagination nor the memory . The scenes tend to be repeated more than once , like the scene with Creb in the cave of the Mog-urs ; that scene is repeated no less than four times . Repetition is the name of the game here , with Ayla 's names and ties repeated each time she meets someone new . There are several hundred people for her to meet -LRB- all with names like pharmaceutical products -RRB- and her full name is repeated to each one . Also , each and every one is afraid of Wolf and the exact same procedure of hand sniffing and petting is demonstrated for EACH ONE . They accept the horses pretty easily , frankly . I have horses and I know a lot of people who are more afraid of horses than just about any one of the Zelandonii . Another gripe , the religion plays a huge part , but in a very dogmatic way . This , I must admit , may be a very very subtle foreshadowing for the next book , but if it is it is a way more subtle touch than JA usually uses , even at her best . -LRB- More a Robin Hobb subtlety . -RRB- The style seems stilted and awkward as well , telling rather than showing . If you read the book , the more shame on you , you will see what I mean.I think that the person reading this review may feel that I am nitpicking and not including anything about the plot . Quite simply , there is no plot . There are some things that happen -LRB- Ayla mates Jondalar , they have a baby , so does Whinney -RRB- but not enough to constitute a story . The best part of the book is the last fifty pages , with the plot finally taking off ... in the last paragraph . No kidding . There is no story here , just a series of recaps of the first four books , although rather twisted and changed to fit THIS setting . Also , there is a lot of description of the area which she obviously knows well ; in fact , she tries to give a guidebook to the area without giving exact names . Now honestly , none of us are likely to hike up the Dordogne , so the extensive travelogue is not helpful . One more substitute for plot is the really heavy `` mother '' religion , which revolves around a very long creation song that gets repeated at full length twice , and parts of it about ten times , as though it held some great truth.The last big problem , and it is a huge one , is that the Zelandonii accept her flathead background with scarcely a ripple . Even when she tells them about her other child , they do n't say a thing . This is my biggest problem because it was reinforced from the start of the Valley of Horses that the Zelandonii are racially intolerant to an extreme degree.This book could have been better very easily . It could have been another 300-700 pages longer . It could have have a plot involving the flatheads . It could have had more `` inventions , '' like the other four books . And last , but certainly not least , it could have had better sex . Each and every one was boring and just like the one before . Someone described them as `` copy and paste '' -- a very good summation of the feel of the love scenes . ... If you really want to know what happens , wait for the paperback . If you are looking for a really good read , try anything by Robin Hobb , in particular Fool 's Errand , or Faith of the Fallen by Terry Goodkind . They evidence the subtlety and dynamism so sadly lacking in this woefully boring book . I gave it two stars for the sake of how much I still love the other four books in the Earth 's Children series , otherwise it is a one star book .
 I read this when it first came out in ' 02 . And only today did I come to Amazon and skim the abundance of nasty reviews that this dud has inspired.So I know that everybody gets it , and there 's no need to say more.But I gotta.Ayla meets and greets and greets and greets ... and greets and greets and greets ... . an incredible abundance of the most shallow characters you 've read about so far.When she 's not inventing everything , or humping , or drowning in tea , she finds time within these monotonous pages to have a mating ceremony , and a baby with Jondalar , the Wonder-Wimp . Oh , and she does decide to join Those that Serve the Mother.The end.That 's it.And , yeah - those are the spoilers . I wish that I were here to tell you that a character named Brukeval threw in some incredible plot twists , or that an encounter happened between the Clan and Others , or something . ANYTHING . But except for repetition ad nauseam , nothing happens in this dud.I 'm not coming back to the book stores in 12 years to learn that Ayla becomes first of Those That Serve ; that Jondalar does nothing ... ever - except smile with his `` impossibly blue eyes '' ; that the poor kid with the unfortunate name of Jonayla spits up , drinks tea , and worships mom ; and that they hump a lot.I 'm done . I 'm so turned off . Ayla , the Clan , and their remarkable human spirit will always live in that first book for me .
 I was a long time fan of the Earth 's Children series and could n't wait for Shelters of Stone came out . Over the years , I had read and reread all of the previous books over and over -LRB- I listened to them on unabridged cassette tapes and then Audio CD 's -RRB- . On CDs , there were times were the books were kind of tedious because of the repetitions - much like hearing a record get stuck . But , the storylines were entertaining.Listening to Shelters of Stone was almost painful . I actually was not able to finish it . I think I made it through about 4 of the CDs and gave up . The recaps just irritated me too much - I was really hoping that there would n't be all of the repetition and was disappointed to find it was worse then the other books . I have always enjoyed listening to these books but this time , the reader used an accent for Ayla -LRB- you know how she speaks with a funny accent ? Not unpleasant , just different ? -RRB- Well on the CD this time , she had a very pronounced accent that was so distracting it really just made things worse.I think perhaps the Jean Auel should take a lesson from J.K. Rowling of the Harry Potter series . There have been 6 books published and there is very little if any repetition.It is like these books are being written for the people who have never read a single volume in the series rather then for people who have read some of the books over and over . It might be better to have a preface at the beginning of the book for first timers to the series to explain that Ayla was raised by the clan , lived in a valley , discovered fire and found Whinney , met Jondalar , made spear throwers , traveled to the Mammoth hunters camp , found wolf and then traveled back to Jondalar 's home . That way it would only be mentioned once in the book instead of over and over.I would like to try to read Shelters of Stone again someday - perhaps when the next book comes out , I will catch it in recaps ?
 I was anxiously waiting -LRB- and waiting and waiting -RRB- for this book to come out . When I started reading the series I was completely hooked . I 've read and re-read all four books and they are wonderful , imaginative and flat out good stories.Shelters of Stone was like expecting a big thick slice of rich chocolate cake and being served a whole wheat cracker . All I could think was `` It took over 11 years to come out with THIS ? '' Quite simply , it was boring . I agree with others on how repetitive the book was . It was just not up to par with the others . Or even close.I bought this book in hardcover because I assumed I would love it and want to read it numerous times . With book 6 -LRB- if there ever is one -RRB- , I will wait for the paperback . Or better yet , pick it up from the local library .
 I loved the first four books , but does n't everyone agree that Auel has run out of ideas for the series ? I mean , the first four books have a focus , but now it 's like , `` Okay ... we travelled for a year ... we 're here ... now what ? '' . I have just started this book and I feel disgusted already . How many times do we have to hear about how great Ayla is ? She just basically shows off the same skills that she learned in the past few books , with nothing much happening so far , although I am already on page 269 . Am I the only one -LCB- upset -RCB- about Ayla 's perfection ? She has absolutely no faults , which is insanely unrealistic . And the wolf ... the wolf!But my favourite part is how this book is just an advocation of feminism and political correctness -- note how easily the ancient people accepted Ayla 's background ? How could the people be open-minded so quickly , especially since they are so closed off from the neanderthals ? That 's like as if someone these days would start saying that gorillas were really people . I mean , come on .
 I eagerly awaited the coming of this book but after reading it I am sorry I wasted my time . There were so many chances for drama that were missed , so many segments that did nothing to advance the story . What little bit of action that did happen was so weak that is was n't even action ! It seemed to me this book was just a comercial for the next book . The first 4 books are well worth a second read , but this one should be forgotten .
 ... this is a book about nothing . Ms. Auel really phoned this one in , and I could n't be more disappointed . My advice , if you have n't started the series , is to read the first three , skip four and five , and hope six lives up to the first half of the series . Unless you want a slightly less boring version of a research paper on the topography of Europe 30,000 years ago , stay away . I think it took her twelve years because she kept dozing off ... . I NEVER have written a comment on a book before . The only reason I felt compelled to do so now is , after all the anticipation , I feel cheated and let down . Of course , who cares , because of course I 'll buy the sixth one too , just to see if things look up . Still , I think I 'll wait till it gets to the 2nd-hand store next time .
 I enjoyed every one of Jean Auel 's books until now . This book was all set up and NO plot . Even though some possible action was hinted at throughout the book , NOTHING happened . Hint for her next book
 As a fan of Jean Auel 's earlier books , I have to add my vote of disappointment over this long-anticipated continuation of Ayla 's story . The earlier books were enjoyable , even with , and partly because of , the detailed descriptions of prehistoric life . And , of course , Ayla as the primitive version of Thomas Edison has to be taken with a grain of salt.Unfortunately , in this book , that grain has been bulked up to a granite rock and has been shackled to her leg . Auel drags Ayla through a year in the life of Ayla and Jondalar as they return to his old neighborhood . To plagiarize an old concert review , the book ran through the entire gamut of human emotions , from A to B. Although the description of the mountains , rivers , grasses , deerhide , weaving , etc. . . was mildly interesting , -LRB- up to a point -RRB- , it slowed the story line down from a pleasant walk to a zombie stagger.The repeated introductions , the endless reliance on the comings and goings of Wolf , Whinny and Racer as plot development , the numerous descriptions of every rock , cliff and riverbank , as if this was a traveler 's guide instead of a novel , simply added to the lethargy . When dramatic tension is defined by a gashed leg to a young hunter , or the horrible dismay Ayla suffers at being shouted at , it 's hard to force the hand to continue to turn the pages.I did finish the book - it was generally easy reading - but I did it more out of a sense of commitment rather than engagement . And I do n't see how a reader who had not read any of the earlier books would get even that far .
 I started reading the Earth 's Children Series when I was in sixth grade . I am now twenty-five years old and I had given up on completely reading the series . In this span of time I have read and reread through the series . I love her books previous to Shelters Of Stone . She has always provided excellent plot , character development , excitement , and the tantalizing `` just wait for the next book '' endings . This , mixed with her amazing ability to convey the setting in a factual well-researched manner , has made me a devoted Auel fan.Over a decade I had spent reliving Ayla and Jondalar , in a limbo that I had thought would never end . Now it seems that I will continue to exist in this limbo . Jean Auel has forgotten her characters in exchange for more intimate detail of scenery , climate , and anthropology . I feel like I know these characters better than Auel does . This is not conceit , just plain commonsense . Ayla is a shadow of who she used to be . The animals are no longer character . Jondalar is just an ordinary man . I would like to ask Ms. Auel , `` Where is Ayla ? Does she exist in your mind anymore , or is there only rock ? '' Perhaps this seems harsh . Perhaps this could be a problem with the Publisher and Editors hounding Ms. Auel for her new book . It is easier to write a book about things than about people , especial the fictional . However , the book is not up to Auel 's par . Regardless of the reason , or the quality of the settings , which are in full detail , the heart of The Earth 's Children is not there .
 I do n't think that Jean Auel wrote this book . It was stunted and sounded like the person writing it had no idea how to use descriptive sentences and it repeated itself many times . Really , I got tired of hearing how Ayla was already noticing that she needed to ` make water ' more frequently . And how often did we need to have the fact that Ayla spoke with a ` strange accent ' shoved down our throats ? How about all the Ayla looked to her right and and saw ______ ? Then she looked left and saw _____ ? She sipped her tea and looked at X and noticed _______ ? Ridiculously amateurish . I did n't mind having bits of the earlier books repeated a bit as it has been a while since reading them . I did get tired of the too long sex scenes , but that was something I disliked about the first books as well . I found myself skipping and skimming over whole pages in this book . Really , this was not the same author who wrote the other books , this had to be a ghost writer on their first book . I 'm so glad I waited to check it out of the library instead of buying it . Thumbs down .
 Oh Dear , I do n't know about the rest of you readers , but this book stunned me with how bad it was . I have fond memories of reading clan as a 10 year old , but on re-reading that I have to say it now seemed flawed and unusually silly to me . The ludicrous perfection of Ayla 's character is present even in the early novel , and I now find myself wondering how much of Shelters poor reception is due to its audience maturing and increasing in literary awareness over the long Aul-less years , and how much is due to the -LRB- undoubted -RRB- lower quality of the writing herein .
 I loved Auel 's other books . In fact I have read The Clan of the Cave Bear so many times that the cover has fallen off . Despite the fact that I was basically willing to love SoS no matter what happened in the story , Auel did the one and only thing that could have made me not like this book , she wrote badly . SoS was boring and very slow moving , with no real central story to keep the reader 's attention . There are about 50 new characters , and none of them are interesting . Things that the reader already knows are repeated over and over again . Want a list ? How Ayla grew up with the Clan , how Jondalar and Ayla met and how she healed him , how she found out about firestones , how they made a spear thrower , people 's titles , and to top it all of a really long and boring Mother song . I counted four times Ayla told the story of how she came to have a horse . But I could have missed a time or two , I started skipping over the long descriptions around page 300 . The worst thing of all is that Ayla and Jondalar have become , well , boring . They are apparently incapable of doing any wrong . They go from place to place spreading the inventions only they were smart enough to think of and showing people the errors of their ways . They are always described as the most beautiful couple and are the best at everything they do . I think that if I met a couple like them in the real world they would annoy me , not inspire me . But after all is said and I done I understand that if you have been waiting for this book as long as I was no review is going to stop you from reading it . But for your own good just trust me , save your money and wait for it in paperback . You waited years for this terrible book , another few months wo n't hurt .
 After waiting all these years to finally finish the story of Ayla and Jondalar , I am severely disappointed in the fifth book in the Earth 's Children series . I loved the first four books but found myself actually skipping pages in this one . I was skipping pages not because I was so excited , but because I was trying to find something to keep me interested . That dreadful song/psalm/poem nearly killed me . I do hope that Ms. Auel will not feel she has to retell the major points of her previous five books when she writes the sixth installment of the series . This book was too long . `` The Clan of the Cave Bear '' is only 468 pages long and it is a great story . Instead of writing another epic 700 + page novel , maybe the next book will be a little less long-winded and a little quicker in coming , too . I gave the book two stars but you can see I am already anxious for the next part of the story to be told . Please , Ms. Auel , just keep it simple next time . Thank you .
 I looked forward to another `` Clan of the Cave Bear , '' or `` The Mammoth Hunters . '' Boy , was I disappointed . Not much story or action here . This book is mostly a lesson in archeology and anthropology . Not entertaining . Boring . Boring . Boring . I think the author has lost her muse and gone over to teaching.Bored Reader
 Like so many , I absolutely love these books . I 've eagerly awaited this fifth installment for years . I was willing to wait , believing that it takes a long time to write books as sweeping in scope , yet packed with emotion and detail , as the Earth 's Children books . Then , finally , there it was ! Or was it ? I found myself immediately concerned when the beginning was so stilted and dry . I tried to ignore it , though , because I so wanted the book to be awesome . But I kept turning pages , stunned , as event after event which should have been momentous was shrugged off and dismissed in a page or two . Did Ayla and Jondalar not go through hell throughout books two and three because Jondalar 's people were not going to accept Ayla 's Clan background and child without a bitter struggle ? It felt like nobody even noticed ! There was nothing but token struggle from people who already had axes to grind with Ayla and Jondalar for other reasons , who used it as a mere excuse . When our heroes were mated at last , in an anticlimactic ceremony that left me completely dry-eyed despite my best intentions to enjoy it no matter what , I stopped being shocked and became just plain angry . Ms. Auel , what happened ? Given your past work , we know that you are capable of so much more than this . How is it possible that you have produced this dry , casual tossing away of a story line that has been building through four substantial books ? I agree with all of the other reviewers . The book is terribly repetitive . I guess some things happen , but it FEELS like nothing happens . And the overall feeling I got was that you could n't care less . I do n't get it , and I feel very , very ripped off .
 Talk about mind-numbing drivel , I could have waited another 10 years for this one . Does little to further the story and is mostly a cliff notes summary of the last 4 books . But for your hard earned cash you 'll at least get to read over 100 pages describing the appearance of cave/rock formations ... I 've read college textbooks that were more entertaining ... It 's taken me several months but out of respect for Auel 's earlier books I 've almost managed to finish this one ... It does make a great paperweight though ...
 I really enjoyed the first 4 books , especially The Clan of The Cave Bear , and The Mammoth Hunters . The interpersonal relationships set in the backdrop of primordal Europe has been the backbone of the series . I grew weary of the landscape descriptions , of every river and creek and inlet having to be named and explaining why they were named that . There was so little of the people of the Ninth Cave , I expected to be let into their hearths to see their impression of Ayla and her animals , new inovations , etc. . Instead the only thing we find out is that every man is envious of Jondalar and every woman is envious of Ayla . -LRB- BIG SURPRISE -RRB- The most enjoyable part is finding out that there was Trailer Trash long before there were trailers . Wait for the paperback on this one .
 After reading the previous novels many times over and now still trying to get through Shelters , I beleive there is a huge difference in Jean Auel 's mental effort and her desire to share herself with her readers . In Valley of Horses , the character development was undeniable . Auel created a character that was just learning what it meant to be an adult and live on her own , shunned by those who she thought would always be there for her and chose to survive when it would have been easier to give up.What seems so stunningly different about Shelters is Auel has lost the desire to communicate human suffering and triumph which is what books 1-3 were mostly about and , I 'm guessing , somewhat of what her own life must have been like . Only someone who has been through it could describe the emotions given to Ayla.Has Jean advanced in years to the point where it 's not as interesting to shape a character and their emotional growth as life progresses?Jean , your earlier books were written with an understanding of the depth of human suffering that many people will never know and only those who 've been through it can identify with . Where did that person go that wrote those earlier books?Ayla and Jondalar were both thrilling characters and very interesting to get to know . In Shelters , however , their relationship stalls as does all character development . Additionally , the story so far shows no signs of coming together . I got so desperate for a story that I read the end of the book to see if anything interesting was going to happen to make getting through the rest of it worthwhile.Jean , for the sixth and final book , please find the effort to write an amazing tale that leaves all of us wanting more ... as all good books do .
 Sadly , this much-anticipated sequel is a watered down version of Auel 's incredible capacity . While it was gratifying finally to have more pieces to the story , one has to wonder if Jean Auel lost her heart and interest in the story during her twelve years of research and writing . She seems far more caught up in tedious replications of the wonders she feels she saw during her research journeys then she does in telling Ayla 's story . The first time I read The Shelters of Stone I found myself floored at the changes in the flavor of the overall story as well as Ayla 's character . Yes Ayla continues to portray herself as a medicine woman ... but her fans certainly did not get to see her in medical action the way we 've come to expect . We continually receive hints that Marona will generate a big conflict , but nothing ever happens . Brukeval is nearly ready to come to blows with Ayla ... yet again , nothing ever happens . Neither does any of the suspense building from previous books for this portion of the series ever come to fruition . After hundreds of pages of the initial few weeks after Ayla and Jondalar arrive and go to the Summer Meeting , suddenly months go by in a short span and the book is over . Furthermore , while it 's always been apparent that Auel has a real penchant for repeating certain information throughout her stories , she truly seems to carry it too far this time . Among other oft-repeated information , the Mother 's Story was tiresome in its repetition . Before I made a final opinion , I read the previous four books again . I then reread The Shelters of Stone , only to indeed find myself dreadfully disappointed after all the anticipation . I fervently hope Jean Auel takes her readers opinions to heart , and displays the incredible capacity for spell-binding authorship her fans know her to be fully capable of when she regales us with the next book in the series .
 Clan of the Cave Bear was required reading my sophomore year in high school . I read it 20 + times , it was so wonderful . I read 2-4 a fair number of times , and anxiously awaited # 5 . When it was finally released , after 10 years of waiting , I bought an autographed hardcover copy . 2 days later I was kicking myself for wasting the money . What an awful follow up to what was such a promising story . This book was dreadful , trite , boring , and it took a supreme effort for me to even finish it the first time . Needless to say , that expensive hardback copy wound up in the Goodwill pile . I 'm never going to read it again .
 The first three books in the Earth 's Children books was very well written and I really enjoyed them . Book four '' The Plains of Passage '' was too descriptive with not enough story . Also , it had too many detailed love scenes . Book five `` The Shelters of Stone '' started out a little better but then went back to being descriptive . I am completing the set of books but I have read much better books and I do not recommend them to anyone.Amazon Verified Purchase
 I have read all of the books in the series and enjoyed most of them . In this book the author copies and pastes huge portions of her earlier works . The exact words may not be used , but the concepts and themes are . As in her other works , she repeats various scenes/themes here , but takes it to a new level in this book . There is VERY little new material here , and the big `` reveal '' is just not very interesting . I regret spending the money to purchase this book . Please do not buy it .
 Since the opening pages of `` Clan of the Cave Bear , '' I 've counted myself an Earth 's Children fan . I loved the otherworldly yet very familiar landscape of the Russian steppes tens of thousands of years ago , and I loved the character of Ayla , a resilient girl with a large heart and a backbone of steel . I followed that adventure through `` The Valley of Horses , '' met Jondalar , and watched the blossoming sexuality of these characters -- a bit explicit for young readers , to be sure . `` The Mammoth Hunters '' had moments of conflict and high adventure , and `` The Plains of Passage , '' while sometimes laborious , swept me away once again into this distant past . Even when other readers complained that things were getting too slow , too long , I stood strong in my support of the series.My strength has finally waned . `` The Shelters of Stone '' is a huge disappointment . We spend the first 200 pages rehashing everything Ayla has done , all the things she has learned , and her abilities with her wolf and horse . These things could be skimmed over , since we 've read about them ad nauseum in the other books , every time Ayla and Jondalar meet a stranger , meet a friend , an enemy . We 've waited all these years for a sequel , and instead we get the expected flowering of Ayla into her medicinal abilities . We read 800 pages for very little change on any level . While I admire Auel 's research , I wanted her to sweep us away with another grand story , not impress us with her encyclopedic knowledge of plants and terrain -- yes , we 've read it all before in her books and we 're already impressed.With the announcement of the final book in this series , I got excited all over again . But , reading the reviews of `` The Land of Painted Caves , '' I suspect it 's one more lengthy and boring wind-down of a series that started with such great energy . With all the money , all the time , and all the success , Jean Auel could 've listened to the negative reviews and given us what we 've wanted all along
 So , there 's another installment on the way this march ? If ever there was a writer in need of a strong editor , Auel is that writer ! She has put together a number of potentially good 400-450 page books ; unfortunately , she has amassed 750-800 pages in writing each of them ! That has not changed apparently as the new one is also 750 pages . There is evidence of considerable research all her books and that deserves credit , but much too much of it -LRB- waaaaay much too much of it -RRB- ends up in the narrative and serves no useful purpose beyond turning an nicely-tempoed read into a multi-paged slog ; parts of every book are akin to running through foot-deep syrup.The other beguiling issue is her routinely silly treatment of the main character . I fully expect that by the midpoint of the upcoming installment Ayla will have invented neurosurgery , launched a satellite , cataloged the entire field of flora and fauna in yet-to-be-invented Latin , taught children rock , paper & scissors , and produced a passable sub-machine gun . Come on ! The story potential is enormous ; the overkill is unforgivable . The editor should be shot !
 Every page of this Kindle book contains multiple errors
 The 700 + reviews were vastly more entertaining than the book itself , as well as showing a much better command of plot structure and characterization . ;-RRB- However , that 's something you can read in the reviews themselves ! I 'm not going to rehash the problems with Shelters of Stone itself , because other reviewers have already done it very well . Instead , I want to explain why I gave this book two stars rather than somewhere around negative 10 . This book does provide an outline of Stone Age Old European culture that is as accurate as possible , given all the new information and scholarship available from the last half of the twentieth century.In Stone Age cultures , hatred , violence , fighting , and prejudice certainly did exist -LRB- and Jean Auel does include them as well , as little as she does with them in her writing . -RRB- However , for nearly 40,000 years , human beings lived without warfare , without slavery , and without patriarchy -LRB- or matriarchy , for that matter ! -RRB- I am constantly astonished by the degree to which this still seems to be such a well-kept secret as far as the general public is concerned . There are still people who think that Neanderthal cavemen ran around dragging women by the hair . BUT ... and it 's a big but ... it certainly is n't the average reader 's fault that they may not know this . You probably wo n't find out unless you take a decent anthropology -LRB- or possibly history -RRB- class at the college level . -LRB- It 's all there in recent textbooks , however , such as Western Civilizations
 I was very excited to see this book finally out and bought it immediately . I had become a fan after reading the first book and although some of the ones that followed were less well written I had great hopes for this one . I was disappointed . I kept waiting for something to happen that never did . No problems were overcome nor dangers survived . Boring . I got to the point where if I read one more line about how great Ayla is I thought I 'd choke . About the best thing I can say is it 's nice she finally has what she 's always wanted . Perhaps the next and last book will be better but I 'm not holding my breath .
 I have waited for a very long time for this book and when I finally read it I was very disappointed . The book continues on and on about the scenery . I found myself just quickly glancing over many pages and was bored with alot of the book . I was really looking forward to the same type of book Jean had written in the past , I could n't put those books down . I was very disappointed with this book . If it would of been the first of Jean 's series I would never have read another one .
 I was so ready to be done with this book . I absolutely loved the others in the series ... lost major parts of entire days reading them non-stop , but this long awaited addition is nothing but repetitious drivel . Really , how many times does Ayla need to be formally introduced . How many caves , rivers & landscapes need to be described in such detail that the reader loses all interest . Nothing happens that I cared about at all .
 Since my son bought me Plains of Passage for a birthday present -LRB- well maybe it was a Christmas present -RRB- I loved this series . Bored ? Nothing to read ? Reread one of the Earth 's children books . But this thing is a drag . No point to it , plots are developed but never resolved . . ah it is just turgid .
 Auel apparently grew bored and uninspired with her characters and story , because she literally cut and pasted pages and pages of descriptions and events from previous books into this book . The repeating of all names and ties and putting in lyrics to silly , long songs was not a creative way to take up space -- she should have made this book shorter . This effort was a major disappointment . The author gives the impression that this book was done purely for the profit margin , not the integrity of the story.As for the story line itself , it is ok -- but never finishes anything like the contest of wills between Ayla and Marona , or the drunk , or the ` mixed-spirits ' guy ... and that fact that Ayla is practically forced into their preisthood after repeatedly saying no , and in the past not liking the spiritual stuff , is really just stupid and out of character for her.While I hope it does n't take 10 years for the last one , I wo n't be rushing to buy it in hardcover either .
 This book was a great let down . If you have read the 2nd - 4th books in the series then there is no need to purchase this one . I do n't know what happend but Ms. Auel just regurgitated those books through out most of this book . It was sad that the story line which was hinted at in the last book is not fully explored in this book . What a waste of money , check it out of the library before you decide to spend some cold hard cash .
 I have waited a long time for this book . I loved her other EC books . This one is almost boring and repetative . When I am reading a page it feels like I just read the same page 10 pages ago . Or so much description is layed out for the scenery , the story seems lost . I think this book could have been written in half as many pages . I understand these places are real , but I almst feel like I am getting a geography lesson . I did enjoy knowing what happened to Ayla and Jondalar , but I did not not enjoy this book as much as the other EC books .
 I , like most of the posters here , really loved Jean Auel 's earlier novels . Even the slower ... ones like Valley of the Horses or the Mammoth Hunters had a regular plot and exciting passages , along side Auel 's continous and constant pre-historic lore . -LRB- And I thought Plains of Passage was just downright thrilling -RRB- But the problem is that this book has almost no plot . Like many people noted the book is one big continous loop . Many of the conversations between the characters were better left up to the fan 's imagination . -LRB- Such as the meeting between Ayla and Marona -RRB- . Even Ayla , at some point in the novel notes a repetion from a previous novel -LRB- `` Are we going to have to give him a firestore like Frebec ? '' -RRB- . One would have liked to see more conflict . It did n't have to be this bland.There is one good thing about this novel is that it seems to be setting up -LRB- one would hope -RRB- a more exciting sequel , and Auel has promised that it will come out relatively soon .
 As epic and as captivating as the previous books in the `` Earth Children 's Series '' were , it 's hard to believe that Jean Auel could so utterly miss the mark in this long , boring , and painfully uninspired installment . When most of your time is spent referencing an appendix at the back of the book to keep the 80 + characters straight in your head , when you close the book thinking it could 've been a good 400 pages shorter without editing out any of the genuinely good writing , and when you ultimately walk away thinking to yourself , `` I waited 12 years for THIS ? '' you 're bound to be disappointed.If well-written epic women 's fiction is what interests you most , then do yourself a favor and DO N'T BUY THIS BOOK . Before you 're brainwashed into thinking THE SHELTERS OF STONE is anything beyond a colordul doorstop , pick up some backlist Jean Auel , the Diana Gabaldon `` Outlander '' books , or anything by Dorothy Dunnett to remind yourself what good writing really is .
 ... The writing style in Plains of Passage and , now , in The Shelters of Stone , has become repetitive and tedious . Ms. Auel 's first three books were great reading -- good storylines that kept the reader 's attention . The last two books have taken on a decidedly different writing tone . Plains of Passage and Shelters of the Stone could have been condensed into one good book instead of two mediocre ones .
 The book had too much `` padding '' in my opinion and would have made a good shorter book . Also , for those of us following the `` earth children '' series I found that the book was really more concerned with the thoughts and feelings of other characters -LRB- notably Zolena -RRB- rather than Ayla . I even thought that some of Ayla 's behaviour was out of character - she hardly ever took a lead role in the book and was too subordinate to Zolena - she should have been much more of an equal -LRB- since actually Ayla was much more advanced -RRB- despite her natural modesty .
 I too waited for this book to come out . I bought the book and made myself comfortable to become submersed in the book as I had with the others . Unfortunately , I was extremely disappointed . The book was 600 + pages of retelling of the first 4 books with another 150 + pages of death/funeral rituals thrown in for good measure.I was looking for a good story with great desciptions of the characters and location - in short I was looking to excape reality of life for awhile . Instead I found myself hard pressed to become engaged by it.I will be waiting for the next one - hoping that Ms Auel can get back in the swing of things ...
 This is not the worst book that I have ever read , but it takes a close second . The dialog is dry and uninteresting , the settings do n't change , and there are n't enough descriptions of the area . The sense of looking for something is missing , which is what made the first four books so good . But the worst part of the entire book are the long , drawn-out love scenes . I was one of the many people who were waiting at the door of the book store for our reserved copies . If you hav n't bought it yet , wait for the paperback .
 I have readed this book over and over . Where is the story ? Where is the plot ? Did I miss something , or was it just not there ? Did Jean realy write this book ? Boy I hope not , because if she did after 10 years she has lost it.On the book cover it said '' Jean Auel is at her very best in this superbly textured creation of prehistoric society . '' Sorry Ms Auel but you miss it by a mile . Better luck next time.Please take your time and go back and read your first book and try to get the magic back before you write # 6 .
 I have read all of Jean Auel 's books and this was the most poorly written one of them all . I felt I was plowing through words trying to find the story . That is not how one feels when reading a well written book . Most of the book was taken up with telling Jondalars people all the things they knew . Not very interesting . I feel her writing style has changed very much from her other books .
 750 pages , and NOTHING happened !
 Somewhere along the way , Jean Auel forgot that a novel is supposed to have a story . The latest installment in the Earth 's Children 's Series drags along on `` Ayla and Jondalar get married and have a baby , '' surrounded by hundreds of pages of obviously well-researched but often tedious details more suited to a taped narration in a natural history museum.Characterization is often reduced to caricature . Ayla , the prehistoric superwoman , is the first human being to domesticate animals and to discover the fire-starting properties of iron pyrite . Ludicrously , she also becomes the first to realize that pregnancy results from sexual intercourse.In short , this is not a novel ; it 's a National Geographic special .
 When I first discovered `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' many years ago , I could n't put it down ... many nights I would still be readi ng at 4 a.m. !! In fact over the years I have read `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' seven times , `` The Valley of Horses '' three times and `` the Mammoth Hunters '' twice . `` Plains of Passage '' should have alerted me to the change of style . . Ayla had become a superfical character , always right . . the savior of the human race etc etc. . Still when `` Shelters of Stone '' was finally released I must have been one of the first to purchase a copy . What an unbelieveable disappointment !!! I can understand having to reiterate on the story since it has been twelve years since the last book but please , most readers would have remembered the main theme and new readers would have read in sequence so there was no need to go on for so long.Also Auel 's obvious knowledge of prehistoric times is daunting and her textbook descriptions of cave life etc are impressive especially if I had wanted to read a reference book but I bought this book for enjoyment and I found Ayla had lost her crediblity . Her character was underdeveloped and superficial . As for Jondalar he became ' a cardboard cut out ' . Gone was the adventurous free spirit . . the great hunter . The love scenes between them were just a rehash from the previous books and boring to have to read again and again and again !!!! The reader does not need such graphic descriptions that are really quite out of character for prehistoric men and women ! To have to wade through the same style of lovemaking so many times is dull and does nothing for plot development - least of all for reader interest.The book finally showed a bit of spark towards the end obviously setting up for a sequel but here 's one reader who will be looking elsewhere for a good read .
 Jean Auel 's absence from the marketplace for twelve years has turned out to be a blessing for her devoted readers . This book demonstrates in spades the problem with almost all serial writing for profit . Like Robert Jordan 's ten volume fantasy series , the first few books are great , and then the writer runs out of fresh new ideas . The result is evident . The writer repeats the same ideas over and over again with no new entertaining plot . There is no character development or any plot to this book . Jean Auel 's attempt to depict how prehistoric peoples might have thought and behaved is not realistic , and does n't appear to be based on good scientific research that took twelve years . Her repetition at least ten times of how the heroine starts a fire from flint becomes very boring . The book is overall neither fun nor interesting . The psychedelic religious trip in the cave is , however , well done . Her style of writing is also not up to par with her first few books in this series . I would not recommend this book even if you liked the first few or the first four books in the series . I will not be buying the sixth book , and supposedly and -LRB- hopefully -RRB- last book in this series , although I own first editions of the first four books in this series , and will keep those . I am getting rid of this book as it will take up to much room in my collection .
 I ca n't add much to the other negative reviews , except to say that if Ms. Auel could n't give her thousands of faithful fans an effort worthy of the previous books , she should have just let it -LRB- and us -RRB- go . If Jean Auel actually wrote this , then something is very , very wrong with her . Shame on her editor -LRB- s -RRB- and the publisher of this truly atrocious book , for wasting the money and , what 's worse , the time of Ms. Auel 's fans . I guess what with the ready made market , greed got the better of everyone involved . Well , they got my money this time . I hope they put it in the bank , because they wo n't get it again .
 For those of you who are not aware of it , the original author of this series passed away some years ago . Someone else took over writing the next several books , I 'm not sure how many , maybe 2 . I do n't remember if it is someone from the family who took over the writing or someone else . Anyway , the books written by someone else are good , but they lack Jean Auel 's distinctive way of writing . Just thought I would give a little perspective on this !
 Only reason to continue the series at this point would be to see how many more pages it takes for Ayla to invent The Wheel -LRB- and is anyone else as irritated as I am by the constant capitalized spellings for nearly every activity from ceremonies to having sex ? -RRB- Seriously , I can guess why Auel is constantly rehashing material from earlier books -- to hide the lack of a story or interesting new characters -- and I had particularly looked forward to meeting Zelandoni , the previous great love of Jondalar 's life . For an entertaining and far quicker read on the subject of Stone Age life , read Joan Wolf 's trilogy -LRB- Daughter of the Red Deer , The Horsemasters , The Reindeer Hunters -RRB- . I 've recently reread the book , and while still giving only two stars , I must say that it reads faster the second time around -- maybe because of knowing which segments to skip over altogether !
 ... The book is more about Auel 's hypothesis of what the region looked like , and how people lived , than it is and actual story . No build up . No climax . This title is a best seller because we all expected it to live up to the last four books . Unfortunately , it does n't come close . This is the last of the series I spend good money on .
 I think not . It 's not a book , it only looks like one.What a disappointment.Truly hope Ms. Auel reads some of the reader reviews here . -LRB- I did read all her previous works and really looked forward for this one - duhhh -RRB-
 It 's easy to recommend CLAN of the CAVE BEAR . However , J.A. 's follow ups were a bit disappointing and wading through this repetitious tome is a total time waste .
 How bad is bad . Auel has certainly showed us how with this bomb . I finally closed the book for good when the kids got tired on the Journey , had a snack , then took a nap . At least the kids did n't have a cup of tea .
 No story line , no plot , nothing new . Jean Auel should have combined books 4 , 5 and 6 and saved all the repetitive filler . We got it the first three times . Very poor writing , very boring book , but that 's free enterprise . We did n't have to grab the hook when it was offered . That 's my opinion .
 Unfortunately , The Shelters of Stone is a major disappointment . Only once before have I failed to finish a book because it was just too bad to continue - this now makes twice . None of the books beyond Clan of the Cave Bear ever entirely lived up to Auel 's first , though at least Valley of Horses was decent if not as engrossing . This book , however , is not only boring , but the language is stilted and bordering on silly as Ayla -LRB- whom I used to like as a character -RRB- ponders every single detail of life she notices and seems to feel a need to explain it as well . Why did I get it ? I was hoping that Auel had returned to her earlier style after taking so many years to complete this book . On the bright side , at least it 's thick enough to make a good door stopper .
 After waiting 12 years for this book to come out -LRB- I had given up hope -RRB- I was some what disapointed . I have come to expect Alya to be an independant and resoureful woman . It is as if she has just settled into the routine of daily life . Mostly the book covered what had been already written . Some of the pages were tedious and hard to keep up with . It took me about 3 days to read The Mammoth Hunters , I just could n't stop reading . This one has left me with a bad taste . If I have to wait another 12 years to continue the saga I will be hard pressed to pay the price for the hard cover edition , and will wait till I can check it out or paperback .
 IMHO , this book should have been about 150 pages , not 750 . Auel 's 5th book in the Earth Children series is more of a historical recount of an era then a novel of a people . She spent more time describing the vegetation and rock formations then she did her characters . When she finally did get around to some dialogue , more often then not , it was passages taken from her earlier books , or to recount the same stories over and over again . Gee , was that how Whinney came to be with her , oh , ok , tell it again , please , again , again , oiy !!! The characters did not mature at all , and by the end , I was hoping for an earthquake to put my out of my misery . This book had so much potential , new antagonists , past acquaintances reemerging , not to mention the dynamic duo , however , she just dropped them all in lieu of yet another verbose description of the era . If I wanted a history book , I would have purchased one.This book was truly a disappointment . However , if you 're a fan of Auel 's characters , as I am , it 's still a must read .
 On a first reading , it 's all too obvious why this book took Auel 12 years to write . It 's saddled down with far too much detail yet still manages to read like a Stone-Age-For-Dummies . There 's no suspense , little thrill and it 's insultingly repetitive . Auel not only repeats much of the last four books , she constantly repeats the same thing within the book -LRB- Ayla 's accent is `` foreign '' to everyone she meets and must be noted 1,000 times , the horses obey her because she is their ` mother ' and ` friend . ' -RRB- Even while suspending my disbelief to some level , it does seem a bit absurd that Ayla and Jondalar betwen them have invented the needle , the spear thrower , the firestone , decided where babies came from , seen how soap was invented . Yes , we all know how wonderful they both are . In fact , that 's pretty much all this book reminds us of -LRB- and how -RRB- -- Ayla is the most perfect woman since Eve fell to the apple . Anyone who watches Martha Stewart knows how boring a woman without any flaws is to watch , much less read 700 + pages about .
 I 'm wondering why everyone thus far has rated this book so highly . After having to wait only four years for this book , I 'm sorry to say that it was rather disappointing to have to read the repetitious `` Ayla of the Zelandonii greets you ... '' for the ENTIRE book . Did the summer meeting need to drag on for the entirety ? Or did we really need to go through 700 pages of her demonstrating fire over and over again?Maybe I 'm being critical . I , at least , have to agree with the previous reviewer . Do n't bother reading this book unless you 've already dedicated yourself to the series . Let 's hope something happens soon with the last book .
 I found book 4 to be more tedious than the previous ones , so I did not buy this book . I did come across it a few weeks ago at the library , and so I brought it home . Glad I did n't buy it ! I have to agree with the other reviewers . The 700 + pages read rather quickly , but I kept eyeing the other books on my shelf and wishing I could get to them -LRB- not a good sign -RRB- . As it went on , I felt absolutely certain that she was going to reunite Ayla with Durc , as much as she kept bringing him up . But as the pages dwindled I gave up that hope . Another bad sign , in addition to looking with longing at my other unread books , is the fact that I was so disinterested in the plot that I had time to notice that all the characters from the present locale had names with 3 syllables . Names from the previous area where the travelers stayed had two syllables , and most names from the Clan had one syllable -LRB- except Ayla and a few others -- now that I think about it , maybe it was broken down into male names having one and female names two ? Do we care ? -RRB- . What does it say that I could notice something so trivial , except that I needed something to keep my mind occupied while I read ?! Unless this was purposeful for a reason that I 'm not seeing.To echo another reviewer , do not bother with this unless you have read all the others and really care about these two characters and plan to get # 6 .
 Up to this point , I had looked forward to Jean Auel 's books . However , after reading her latested installment I was very disappointed . Yes , she has always been wordy but it seemed the whole book was that way . By the time I was halfway through the book , I was wondering where it was going and I found out at the end . NOWHERE !! What a waste of time and money . This was one of those books that you finish and then say to yourself `` Is THAT it ? '' ...
 While I am a BIG fan of the ` Earth 's Children series and bought every volume , I was extremely disappointed in the final book ` Shelters of Stone ' . Remove all the flowery scene descriptions and constant recapping of the previous 4 volumes and the book would have been no more than 100 pages . What a let down after such an incredible journey . I doubt a 6th volume would fill the void left by this blunder .
 This book is far too overdue - I find I 've lost interest in the entire series . After reading this enormous -LRB- too big -RRB- book with its excess of overdone sex , I can assure you I wo n't be buying/reading the next one ! Too much , too much , too much EVERYTHING !!!
 Like you who have read both the book and the `` professional '' critiques , I felt guilty for disliking this latest in the sequel with such intensity . But then I relaxed when I read the reviews of the average fan of Auel 's - I 'm normal after all . This book was so dissappointing . I found myself reading each new page just hoping that she would return to the fresh and origianl style of historical fiction that I had grown to long for . But the book never delivered . I 'm waiting for her next book . Even the greatest of athletes strike out once in a while and I 'm certain that her next work will be a home run . If you 've never read the first four books do n't bother . Read this one and you 'll know everything you needed to know about the first four . Then read the first four and realize how great the series really is . For those of us who have loved the first four - we became tired of all the italicized repaeats .
 Others have covered the story so I do n't need to rehash that.Look at the description of the Kindle Edition and you will see that it claims to be the `` full text '' . No it is not.There are several points where the story seems to skip some of the scenes ... -LRB- warning a small spoiler :-RRB- for example , when the wolf gets attacked by a wolf pack and then recovers , and then threatens a man who took the skin of one of the wolf pack that the wolf killed , they were supposed to go out and locate the battle scene ... this did not make it into the kindle edition.Additionally , for some reason there are markers claiming to `` highlight '' but that can not be removed -- that becomes destracting -- it is as though who ever converted this over to kindle had previously read and marked for notes some interesting ideas that the author presents . . The only reason I bought this was so that I can complete a second re-read of the entire story , thankful that with a few exceptions the graffic sexual sequences were not included , making for a much more appoachable story.A final note -- I found I read the kindle books faster with less eye strain because I can control the character sizing ... beware that you too might find the story over faster than if it were a standard printed version -- since it does not have paper or binding issues , I would hope that Kindle prices would not have an equal to price , but it seams that it does have pricing remenescent to trade paper back , if you do n't want to buy and are willing to use the printed version -- borrow from a public library so you can return it afterwards ...
 As the series progresses they become more and more repetitive to the point that there appears to be absolutely nothing new to to reveal for Earth 's Children . I could not even finish it as a storyline or plot was never really developed .
 I have been reading and following the series for 20 years . I actually had thought that the author had passed away , it was so long between books 4 and 5 . I also was under the impression that the series was to consist of 5 books only . So when Shelters of Stone came out I was pleasantly surprised ! I read the free preview on Kindle , and although not particularly impressed , I decided to read the book , figuring that it would be the last in the series , and string together all the loose ends.I slogged thorough over 700 pages of drivel , only to have the story end in such predictable disappointment.It is obvious that the series will continue for multiple more books , rehashing old stories and introducing more boring characters in an attempt to make more money for the author . My time is too precious to waste any more time on these characters . I have no intention to follow this series further , as it is obvious from the last several books that nothing new will change . Ayla will continue to be Super-woman , with her perfect mate and family , and she will continue to be the discoverer of all important human accomplishments -LRB- the wheel !!! , cultivation of crops !!! , the written language !!! -RRB- . A beautifully written character in Clan of the Cave Bear has been slowly turned into a caricature .
 There was a lot of opportunity to have an exciting book , bu there was n't any follow through . The repetition was amazing . I understand having to recap some of the events from the previouis books to refresh memories , but did we really have to read how Ayla got the horse 15 different times ? After the first explanation , would n't `` Ayla explained how she acquired the animals , '' have been enough ? There 's plenty of conflict set up for the next book -- if Auel will use it .
 First , I 've read all the books in the series and enjoyed them . Okay `` Plains of Passage '' was a boring read but not too bad . In `` The Shelters of Stone '' Jean Auel makes Ayla out to be some kind of super-woman , who invented open heart surgery to figuring out `` where babies come from . `` The promblem ? It 's gone too far . I think the long wait between books as made me lose interest . Either that or Ms. Auel ca n't write Ayla anymore . She lost her momentum . At the beginning it was fun to see Ayla invent all this stuff , but the fun is gone . I suppose this can happen with a series or a series of books with one character in the center . -LRB- I just hope Patricia Cornwell can keep Kay Scarpetta fresh for a long time yet . -RRB- What I will say in Auel 's favor , her research is amazing . The lady does her homework and it shows.For newcomers to the series , start with `` Clan of the Cave Bear , '' and follow in order , quickly . That way you 'll enjoy it .
 I loved the other two books in this series and was truly looking forward to this book - I couldnt be more disappointed . I 'm an advid reader - and this book was painful at times to read . Normally I would of just stopped - but out of curosity and loyality I finished it . This story could of been told in half the pages . Some background and info is nice - but the detail was long winded and more often that not - repetitive . I swear I read the same descriptive paragraphs more than once . I got the description of the cave the first time - didnt need it over and over again.My greatest urge while reading this book was to get out a red marker and start crossing out passages . So if you dont mind scanning through the extra verbage to get to the meat of the story this is okay and minus a couple hundred pages it would of been great - oh well . Cant recommend it .
 The graphic design of the book jacket is rotten ! The first four books , as they originally came out , followed a consistent and attractive design pattern , thus they look like a series on your shelf and are artistically pleasing . The new binding looks completely different -- simplistic , boring -- and the text in no way lines up with that of the previous books . I do n't believe they 're going to get people to re-buy the earlier books in the new design . And the new design is not a correction to the original design . The decision makers at Crown Publishers have once again shown a lacking in sense of aesthetics and a lack of concern for their customers .
 After putting her fans on hold for several years , Jean Auel 's The Shelters of Stone delivered a relatively disappointing product . Again , Auel clearly demonstrates that she has researched the daily lives of early man in stunning detail . However , this latest book does not deliver anything new or interesting to the reader . Ayla , her proto-feminist -LRB- ? -RRB- protagonist , does exactly what she has done in previous novels
 Would the real Jean Auel stand up . This book , THE SHELTERS OF STONE , seems like the author had three people read the other books in this series and then had them each pen the chapters . It is a great drop below her other books . No real finality to the problems that were introduced in the last book . And with the new problems introduced in this book , the reader is left with a sense of loss . No closure to Ayla 's pain about Durc . No meeting among the Clan and the Zelandonii . Ayla has to be able to strut her stuff for the good of her new people .
 This book is tiresome !!! Took real effort to read it all the way to the end . I was very much looking forward to this book which turned out to be a real snore . By the end of the first hundred pages I felt like Ayla was a prehistoric McGyver . Good grief , the needle , bow and arrow , etc. , I wondering how it was she did n't invent electricity -LRB- wait , no , that was Ben Franklin -RRB- . The effort to get to the end of definitely not worth it .
 I HAVE READ ALL THE OTHER BOOKS IN THE SERIES AND THOROUGHLY ENJOYED THEM SO I EAGERLY BOUGHT THE LATEST INSTALLMENT IN THE SERIES . I TRIED READING IT SEVERAL TIMES AND GOT BOGGED DOWN SO I ENDED UP GETTING THE UNABRIDGED AUDIO VERSION FROM THE LIBRARY ! IN MY OPINION THE BOOK COULD HAVE BEEN CUT IN HALF . THE AUTHOR REPEATS HERSELF CONSTANTLY , EXPLAINING OVER AND OVER AGAIN DETAILS OF JONDALAR AND AYLA 'S JOURNEY . I FOUND THAT UNNEEDED AND VERY ANNOYING . I LIKED THE FACT THAT AYLA WAS A VERY STRONG CHARACTER AND THAT WOMEN WERE CONSIDERED AS EQUALS TO MEN IN THE BOOK AND IF YOU CUT OUT ALL THE REPETETIVE DIALOGUE AND INFORMATION IT IS A FAIRLY GOOD READ . HOWEVER , I AM NOT SURE IF I WILL BOTHER WITH THE NEXT EPISODE .
 When I was twelve , I discovered the interesting covers of The Clan of the Cave Bears in my mothers stack of books , I picked it up and started reading it . I zipped through the series and was devastated that I would have to wait for the next book ! I love how Auel writes , I enjoy how her words flow , I 'm interested in the history , culture , survival and life experiences that Ayla shares.The day The Shelters of Stone was available , I grabbed my copy , I sat in Borders , not able to survive the fifteen minute trip home before exploring the opening pages of the book . Maybe I can blame my age when I began reading the Earths Children series ... I want to re-read the series to see if I really could have thoroughly enjoyed and been inspired in my own writing by Auel . Shelters of Stone was simply awful . I forced myself to read 250 pages and beyond that , I put the book on the side of my bed and just forgot about it until I was cleaning my room to pick what goes with me to college . The Shelters of Stone , from what I read , was nothing new , it was all review , it seemed the characters had gone ` flat ' and uninteresting . I got tired of the same descriptions and really , I ca n't even remember what happened in Shelters of Stone other than Ayla met Jondalar 's people . I realize it must not be easy to write thousands of pages and it 's difficult to think up new events and idea 's to happen with the various people , however , I just was n't satisfied or entertained - at all . I wo n't bother purchasing the last novel and I 'd like my money back . I read one persons review , she seems to think WE have betrayed Auel as loyal readers with our opinions but at least we bought Auels book , it seems to me that might be the only reason Auel continued writing -- for the money , because there was no heart in this book . If you insist on reading this book , wait for a used paperback .
 Just to reiterate what others have written . This book is a big disappointment when you a big fan of the series and have waited so long for it to come . Do n't get me wrong , if you ARE a fan , I would still buy it . If you can wait for paperback though , you wo n't feel like you wasted so much money though.The repetition is bad , yes . But more , I was frustrated how things we have been anticipating and waiting for never happened , or were just so different than we had been led to expect . For instance , all the times we 've been told how the Zelandonii hate the Clan and when the time of confrontation comes , there 's nothing to it !! I felt so cheated.I do n't want to give too much away , but suffice to say that this story leaves too much undone . I suppose this is a lead-in for book 6 , but it should have been more self-contained . I kept waiting for issues to be resolved , and they just fizzled out at the end.I would n't say this is the worst book I have read , but it certainly is not what I 've come to expect from Ms. Auel .
 Unfortunately I received this book for Mother 's Day and feel obligated to read it from cover to cover . Under normal circumstances I 'd chuck a book this boring into the can and pick up something more stimulating . I 'm on page 310 -LRB- it 's taken me 4 weeks to get this far -RRB- and wish I was on page 749 so I could put this thing on the shelf to gather dust . When my family asks if I 'm enjoying my book I cross my fingers and repy , oh yes , thank you very much .
 Is it just me , or does anyone else wonder how Ms. Auel can possibly reach the intended goal of this series -LRB- the apparent envisioned meeting of Ayla 's sons -RRB- in only one more book ? Shelters of Stone should have spent more time delving into Durc 's life after Ayla 's `` death '' / departure from the clan -LRB- starting with the clan needing to find a new cave -RRB- in addition to Ayla 's adapting to Jondalar 's cave home.Ayla and Jondalar have traveled for years -LRB- albeit getting stopped for adventures along the way -RRB- , we know every detail of every minute of THEIR lives , and they 're now so far away from her original clan home , that I do n't see it being plausible to bring the two sons together for this meeting in 500 or 600 pages . Ayla has n't even given birth to a 2nd son yet , and we have no information whatsoever on one moment of Durc 's life during that time , nor how his life 's events may have shaped the person he will be if this meeting ever takes place.If Ms. Auel 's leaving that for us to imagine , then she 's lost sight of what it means to `` tell '' a story . It almost appears she 's setting herself up to write another bomb in what started out as an otherwise great series . Shame , shame .
 After waiting all this time for the Shelters of Stone to be released , I rushed out to get my copy full of anticipation of another fascinating weekend read . I ploughed through the book to the end , only to be really disappointed . Instead of a brief synopsis of the previous books , Jean refers constantly to them throughout the text . I 'm assuming that anyone who buys Shelters of Stone is an avid Auel fan and will therefore have read the first four books several times.I found no new plots , story lines or snippets that we have not read in one of the other parts of the series . The constant reuse of all the title names of the members of the group became very tedious and I started skipping them ! There is hardly even any build up of tension at the end to make the wait for the last book nail biting ! I just hope that the final episode will be worth the wait .
 If you are looking for well-developed characters , an interesting storyline and fascinating background information - look elsewhere . I have struggled through 1/2 of this book and thus far have found it to be little more than tedious scenic descriptions -LRB- which run on for page after page -RRB- peppered with sexual encounters -LRB- which are so poorly written as to be laughable -RRB- . I am returning this book to the library unfinished because I can not bear to read one more page and am quite relieved that I did not waste money on this drivel . Unless you honestly enjoy books which use phrases like `` tumescent manhood '' and `` pulsating nodule , '' I would strongly suggest you avoid this book like the plague .
 This book does n't seem to have been written by the same person as the first four -LRB- actually , Plains of Passage was even questionable -RRB- - my first thought was that Auel 's son worked from her outline when she was sick . The writer seemed to have a completely different attitude towards the characters , even Ayla . I just reread the book this weekend for some reason , and now I remember why I never reread it yearly the way I do the first three . Where Plains of Passage was dull , Shelters of Stone was just bad.I was so disappointed in how bland Ayla seemed , while at the same time behaving uncharacteristically . While she showed `` anger and belligerence '' , she did n't really shine through as being the same strong woman she has been as much as she acted petulantly . Then , she suddenly fit in so quickly with such a contentious and pretentious group of people as the Zelandonii - after we were told repeatedly for the length of three books how vehemently they hated the Clan and would find her to be unacceptable . That was just glossed over with a couple of pages of earnest discussion and a very uninteresting Marthona and Joharran subtly not discussing the topic openly . I got so sick of hearing about Marthona 's lifted eyebrows and significant glances . The only thing that rang immediately true to me was Zelandoni 's initial underestimation of Ayla 's skills and knowledge . That did seem to fit with what we had learned of her and the Zelandonii . Otherwise , the majority of the book was rehashing the themes of Wolf , the firestone , and the horses over and over and over.I wanted to hear some of Hochaman 's stories . I wanted more byplay between Ayla and Dalanar , and with Joplaya and Echozar . I wanted more of a reaction to Thonolan 's death than the anti-climactic almost-selfconscious episode of `` Willamar '' staring into space with minor drama and some comforting tea , I wanted wailing and gnashing of teeth . I wanted family strife . It was annoying that Marona disappeared so conveniently for most of the story . I wanted to know more about her . I wanted to know what relation brukeval might have had with the mother of the neglected children . I wanted to hear about the history of the Zelandonii , but maybe that is waiting for Ayla 's zelandoni training . I wanted to see Jondalar become more fleshed out as he resettled among his people , but even he was n't much more developed than a piece of cardboard by the time he vanished during Ayla 's delivery . My first thought was that both of them would have bucked whatever traditions or customs there were for him to attend the birth because they were so bonded and he has such a neurotic fear of losing her to some unknown danger and the constant insistence on it being `` their '' baby.Lastly , Willomar suddenly becoming Willamar just confused and irritated me . I simply do n't understand how an editor let that happen.That being said , I was more than disappointed with Ayla 's name for the baby - how silly and unlike Ayla can you get ? I was expecting her to name her after Iza , or maybe Nezzie , or even someone from the Sharamudoi , or even doing something like Tholie in the Mammoth Hunters and coming up with a combination of a Clan name with a Zelandonii spelling , but not that ham-handed attempt to make the kid a Symbol of Ayla 's Beliefs About Reproduction.I understand that these books are a monumental undertaking , and that was a part of what I loved about them since I was a child , the anthropology , the botany , the archaeology -LRB- though re-reading them now seems funny and quaint as a lot of what she based her storyline on has been re-evaluated -RRB- , but this book was just not up to par . I understand that Ayla is supposed to represent the bigger picture , and that she 's supposed to be larger than life . She 's invented everything but the wheel and the kitchen sink . I 'm sure she 'll invent wheels for Whinney 's travois , it hinted around her making Wolf a sled dog , she 's already working on animal husbandry , and since she built the horses a trough , the sink ca n't be far behind . The amount of inventions and innovations she 's made are starting to stretch the limits of credibility . The only thing about Ayla that stayed consistent was her love of learning and her longing to simply fit in and be like everyone else . Now she is simply so disgustingly perfect and crusading that I just want to ignore her . Her sudden `` revelation '' about her power at the very end just seemed to be hastily tacked-on and completely dishonest.I have since read on different fan sites that book Six , intended to be the last , might be followed by Seven , and I ca n't help but wonder if the lukewarm , puzzled , and unhappy response of her fans might have anything to do with it .
 I was so disappointed in this book that were supposed to be the last in the series . The endless repetition was enough to drive me insane . How could this book ever have been published ? Was it only for the sake of money that could be made out of the sale of this book , because everyone who followed the series was waiting in anticipation for it . I still ca n't believe a person who wrote Clan of the Cave Bears , Valley of the Horses etc , could give her readers something like this ... ????
 I 've been reading the Earth 's Children series since it came out , and have enjoyed the story of Ayla for the most part . Yes , the endless passages about flint napping techniques and steppe topography would get tedious , but there was a story around it all that was impelling enough to get through all of that . Ayla is an interesting character in that despite all the tragedy and hardships she goes through , she still manages to be brilliant and perfect . Ok , so that 's an unrealistic character trait , but , c'mon , the whole concept of one cro-magnon woman advancing civilization by huge leaps and bounds demands a suspension in belief anyways . Back when the books would come out more frequently , my family and I would often joke about when in the series Ayla would invent the wheel , sailing ships , and agriculture.Which may be part of the reason for my disappointment in this book . Nothing extraordinary happens in over 600 pages of ad nauseum repetition . I unexpectedly found Shelters of Stone in my local library shortly after the death of Kurt Vonnegut Jr. . As his quotes were fresh on my mind , I was constantly reminded of his rules of writing that include every sentence must somehow advance the story . I was aghast at how often the same thing was said over and over again in this book . The inane repetition over how the animals were domesticated , or how the fire stones were discovered , or , my God , the third time the Mother 's Song was included in the story , I had to start skipping forward just to see if anything happens in this book . Which , aside from some births and deaths , does not.I will read the next book in the series , for the same reasons I read the painful later books in the Dune series - I ca n't just abandon my earlier investment of time and interest . I can only hope that Shelters of Stone is setting up something wonderful to come .
 I came to read reviews on this book out of curiousity and have to agree with those who have posted that this was a disappointment . I greedily read the first four books in this series and waited and waited and waited for this one to come out . As soon as it did , I ordered a hardback and -LRB- as another reviewer noted -RRB- have since regretted spending the money on that when a used paperback would have been sufficient -- hell , even checking it out from the library would have sufficed.I have considered that perhaps since there had been such a long span of time between books 4 and 5 -- perhaps I was `` hyped '' with the prospect of `` the rest of the story '' . I have also considered that shortly before this book 's release I went back and read the first 4 again -LRB- I really did enjoy them ! -RRB- as a refresher ... perhaps this book `` seemed '' repetitive to me.I have considered these possibilities ... but I recognize that it is simply me trying very hard to find a way to say this book had merit.This book was a disappointment . If Auel had not repeated what she had already written in the earlier books , this book might have been only consisted of a couple of hundred pages -- and the new info alone was n't a very engaging read anyway . It 's hard for me to feel good about giving a bad review -- but in this case I simply ca n't help it .
 to explain how cheated I felt by this book ! I actually bought the hardback as soon as it was out because I am such a fan of all of the books in this series . NOTHING HAPPENS in this book ! It really could have been 10 pages long to get the whole plot of what happens . It actually starts out pretty good ... there are the descriptions of her new home and the introduction of a new group of people , which was interesting , and there was even enough character development at the start to keep me excited . But then ... nothing ! The conflict between Ayla and the ex-fiance of Jondalar could have been interesting , but instead , nothing happens ! The book is filled up with more repetition than I have EVER seen in any novel . Where was the editor on this project !?! I 'm not exaggerating when I say that you hear the same descriptions and anecdotes 3 , 4 , 5 times throughout this thing . I unfortunately read every page thinking , hoping and praying something would happen . But guess what ? NOTHING EVER DOES!I am giving it 2 stars for the first few chapters , which were interesting because I loved learning where Ayla and Jondalar ended up , but I think this rating is generous . Save your money and re-read one of the others in this series - you 'll be much happier for it !
 The Clan of the Cave Bear was a remarkable beginning to Auel 's series . The Valley of Horses continued with Ayla 's struggle to survive , ending with finally meeting one of the Others . The Mammoth Hunters starts turning into prehistoric soap opera , introducing another man to compete for Ayla 's affection , while Jondular mopes around . The slide started there . The Plains of Passage was nothing more than traveling and sex scenes . Now we have the Shelters of Stone . I guess I thought that after the Plains , Auel took 12 years to bring back some drama and plot , and improve the series . Turns out she must have had writer 's block , and the publisher obviously forced her to get something , anything , worked into a manuscript . The editor did a terrible job . This book should have been 400 pages instead of 750 . I had anticipated this book , but now I think it 's only worth reading out of curiosity and as a bridge to the next and final story , which I will probably be too old and decrepit to read .
 Following Ayla and Jondalar through the Earth 's Children saga has been a fascinating experience in imagine and fact . However , Shelters of Stone is a major disappointment in the series -- it is repetitious , ponderous and at times downright boring . Ms. Auel repeated stories and experiences so often from the other books , that one does not need to read them now . Her introductions rivaled the begats in the Bible . Do we honestly need complete introductions each time for each character ? There was very little accomplished in this book aside from rehashing the other four books . Yes , a couple of events occurred , but there were no surprises generated emotionally or in the plot line . Ayla and Jondalar are set up as the inventor of many important creations from how to make fire to sewing to using animals for human need . In the next book will she invent farming and the wheel ? I do n't mind a slow read if there is new information and a plot that has some advancement . This book could have been enhanced with better editing -LRB- like taking out about 200-300 pages -RRB- , a tighter plot and new information rather than rehashing old . How many times did we need to know that Broud forced Ayla and it was n't pleasures ? We got that information in Books 1-4 . I was thankful tho that this book did not dwell on the sexual -LRB- pleasures -RRB- aspect as much as Valley and Mammoth did -- since it seemed way overdone in those volumes . However , I would have liked to have seen a deeping of the characters emotional psyches . And , if Ms. Auel could n't do this , it would have been nice to have explored some of the peripherial characters and their personalities or more information about the history and the artifacts of the era.This is worth reading if you enjoy thinking about how we developed and invented items -LRB- like fire , sewing , herbal concoctions -RRB- that changed our lives and set us , as humans , on a path of greater development than Clan members . It is also worth reading if you have missed her other books . However , if you have read her previous four books and are looking for new information , a definitive plot , and additional character development , then this book is sadly lacking and will be a major disappointment .
 Jean Auel has been my favorite author since I read her first book at the tender age of twelve . I have read and reread the first four books in the series many , many times in the past 14 years . I religiously checked the websites for any gossip about when the new book would be out , and ordered an advance copy . And then I got a BIG disappointment , about 700 pages of disppointment to be more specific . This book lacked any of the charm of the earlier books . I do n't know why either . The subject matter -LRB- meeting the in-laws , the birth of a child , a long awaited marriage -RRB- are interesting topics , and Auel has done much more with less in the past . The marriage and birth were briefly skimmed over , while the geologic lay of the terrain was examined in excruciating detail . And then she names the poor child `` Jonayla '' -LRB- a mix of the mother and father 's names-Jondalar and Ayla -RRB- ... just one more example of the complete lack of effort put into this novel . It leaves me wondering if Auel really threw this together to finish out the series . Whatever the case , I agree that if you feel compelled to read this as part of the series , borrow it from the library . And keep your fingers crossed that Auel gets back a little of the old magic on the next one !
 I , like most others , have been anxiously awaiting this book . As one of the other reviewer 's suggested , I too appreciate Auel 's obvious effort in the researching of this book . However , nothing happens ! In over 700 pages of text , we get repetition and excrutiating detail . Auel 's last book led us to believe that we would encounter a major conflict between Ayla 's two sons in the next book ... I do n't want to say anything bad about this book either and thought that maybe since it had been so long since I had read the others , that I had forgotten about all the detail . I had to read the other reviews for validation , this book is LONG and monotonous and the story itself is weak . I read the entire series because of Ayla 's amazing strength and her ability to overcome . She overcomes very little in this book and actually , the story seems to be an afterthought to the research . The conversations and feelings are written in a choppy way and the book does n't seem to flow at all . One minute Ayla is doing something or feeling something interesting and the next we are back to the description of the landscape or that extremely long poem . There is also A LOT of repitition of the other stories in this book . Not only does she repeat the other stories but she actually repeats things that happened in the other books over and over in this one.I will probably read the final book in the series but I hope Auel has the sense to read what her readers think about this one .
 I Loved the first books . I waited a long time for this book . It is a major disappointment . Why does the author assume that no one has read any of the previous books ? I 'd like a new story instead of just a rewrite of the old ones . The pages of introductions between characters are boring . Ca n't Auel think of any new stories ? She starts a few then just leaves the reader dangling . Ayla and Jondalar and even Wolf become tedious and uninteresting . I 'm sorry I wasted my money on this book .
 I have been an avid reader of Jean Auel 's Earth Children Series for some time . I anxiously purchased this book as soon as it came out - ... this book does not live up to the first four of the series . It is so different that I have even told people that half the time it reads as if someone else wrote it . Whereas the other four books are full adventure , interesting plots , and passion , this book has none of any of those things . I thought even the story was lacking in this book
 This MIGHT have been an OK book if it had been half the length ! Way way way too many descriptions of the rivers , the shores , the stones , the caves etc etc etc. . It reads like a ** very boring ** geological textbook half the time ! Hardly what you would call page-turning fiction ! We all know that Ms. Auel has done extensive research for these novels , but I really do n't want to be reminded of that on every page . Fiction is about plot , character development ; not tedious drivel describing the physical landscape.Also , the book is very badly edited . There are so many repetitious parts -- how many times does Joharran have to ask Jondalar if he 'll teach them how to use and make the spear-throwers !??! Come on!Once again , an author got lazy and is riding on the coattails of her previous success . I wo n't bother reading any more of Jean Auel .
 So glad I did n't waste money in buying this book when the library had it for free . But still , I felt myself bored in reading it and wishing something , ANYthing interesting would happen . It was built up to look as if Marona or Brukeval would cause discord in Ayla 's perfect world , but alas , nothing ever came of that . And each time Ayla met someone new I would just cringe knowing that ALL the titles were going to be repeated yet AGAIN . How tiresome did THAT become ?! At least it was n't AS repetitive as The Mammoth Hunters , but I still could have done without reading about all of Ayla 's past in detail , over and over and over . And in this book , just as in the other books since Clan of the Cave Bear I was hoping Ayla would go back to the Clan to see Durc and to truly bring Broud down a notch or two , but did n't happen in this book either . This book was a big Y-A-W-N .
 Pointless conversation , facts laid out in laundry list form , inconsistent characterization , interminable passages of description ... this is the most self-indulgent book I 've read in a while . Maybe that 's a pitfall of success.I could n't finish it and I did n't care what happened . If Jean Auel 's fans -LRB- and I am one -RRB- are n't disappointed , they darn well should be .
 The repetition of the earlier books is justified for those who have n't read them , or do n't remember what they read 12 years ago . The repetition within the book is not ; nor are the ad nauseum descriptions of rocks , plants , hills , valleys , etc. . Are the number of words in the book used in calculating what Jean Auel was paid ? probably , and she knew it . The story line , while stretched out and left hanging , was good . The presentation of the social lives , and struggles of the people Ayla is to live with is interesting , if not exciting . But , the whole thing could have been comfortably compressed into a couple hundred pages as the first few chapters of something a lot better ... like what we all hope book 6 will give us .
 good GRIEF ! and WHEW ! I thought it was just me , but this book and Plains of Passage are horrid . Even the reader for Plains of Passage on the Books on Tape version was barely tolerable . What happened to the story telling ... this is fiction , not Prehistoric History of Europe 101 overandoverandoverandOVER.Some detail , good ... as much detail as these books have -LRB- and it 's the same in BOTH books again and again and again ... we get it , you did a LOT of research -RRB- , not necessary . And the animals have no personality any more.BLECH ! Maybe Jean Auel burned out after Mammoth Hunters , produced a mediocre Plains of Passage and just needed a break . Well , take another before finishing off the series or do n't finish at all . I wo n't buy another one of these .
 Like so many people , I waited eleven years for this book , and I can honestly say it was n't worth it . There are several key faults with The Shelters of Stone -- 1 -RRB- I find it hard to believe Jean Auel wrote it . The book is completely lacking the energy and earnestness of the previous four books , and it reads as if Ms. Auel jobbed it out to a broke college student . 2 -RRB- Too much repetition . There should be just enough info from previous books to tease new readers into buying them , not so much that returning readers -LRB- the majority of buyers -RRB- skip over pages and chapters at a time . 3 -RRB- The Zelandonii are boring and close-minded people . The Mamutoi , Sharamudoi , Losadunai , Lanzadonii , and even the S'Armunai were far more interesting , and all of them were willing to accept Ayla 's healing ability , while she was basically told she could n't be a healer among the Zelandonii unless she devoted herself to become a priestess . Even the characters who should have been interesting , like the town drunk and the jilted fiance , were all one-dimensional and their stories did n't go anywhere . 4 -RRB- There was no plot . While it was always a stretch that Ayla would be the superwoman who would domesticate animals , invent needles , discover an easy way to make fire , etc. , at least something was always happening . The Shelters of Stone was largely a recap of old stories , with a couple of lackluster new vignettes added in . Basic story -- Ayla meets Jondalar 's people , they get married , she has a baby , and Whinney has a baby . The new elements of the story could have been told in about 100 pages . 5 -RRB- There was no introduction of the Clan . With the setup from The Plains of Passage , I expected a story dealing with relations between the Cro Magnons and Neanderthals , yet there was just some vague talk about how the Clan might be angry at the Zelandonii for stealing their caves . Overall , I 'm very sorry I wasted my money on this wretched book , and I 'll either borrow number six from the library or wait until it 's on the dollar table at the bookstore .
 Wow , may I just say this
 I have never seen so much padding in a book , ever . It is worse than General Hospital that my mother watched for so many years . My feeling is that chapters were given to hired writers while Jean Auel was on vacation and the writers were n't very good . I think Jean 's readers deserve something much better.Carol
 I read the Clan of the Cave Bear and the next couple of books Ms. Auel wrote when they first came out . I remember really enjoying the first couple books , ca n't quite remember the next one , however this is the first ones I 've bought since those first books.I found The Plains of Passage and The shelters of Stone extremely tedious , with long drawn out geographical descriptions where fewer words would have given the picture just fine . The repetition was tiresome on so many fronts ! And I have to say the very long drawn out , descriptive sexual encounters with Jondalar were offensive to say the least ! I do n't remember that sort of writing in the first books . I never have gotten a kick out of reading about other peoples sexual exploits ! It 's porn in writing and just was n't necessary to the overall idea of the story . I found myself skipping over many , many pages throughout the books because of all these reasons.There were so many little mistakes in herbal uses and many of their little inventions that would never have worked the way she described them . And I could not believe the `` soup bowls '' being lifted and carried on horses !! Many far fetched things going on there ! Maybe she 's not a rider but the way she described the making of the `` water proof bowls '' -LRB- with hot soup no less -RRB- , hefting them up on the horse , with the amount it would have taken to feed the amount of people she described was nothing short of nonsense and very funny!I hope I can get Amazon to refund me for the one I have n't read yet ! My own fault , should have ordered one at a time!Very disappointing ...
 As a big fan of the previous four books , Shelters of Stone was a major disappointment for me . The plot was almost devoid of what makes most novels enjoyable , namely conflict . The book seems to be laying the ground work for conflicts that never occur . Once I start a book , I always finish it . This habit was the only reason I stuck it out through all 741 pages . I was glad to finally turn the last page .
 It has been twelve years since we were offered , Plains of Passage , by Jean M. Auel . and I awaited anxiously for , The Shelters of Stone . I have read the other four books that she has written and enjoyed each one . If Shelters of Stone was her first book , I would have never read the other four . In this book , Ms. Auel had several storylines that she could have developed but never did . I kept waiting for something catastrophic to happen to either Ayla , Jondalar , Wolf or the horses . Nothing ever did . Ms. Auel 's discriptions of most scenes , mountains , rivers , etc. were overdone and drawnout which became time wasting and boring ... page fillers . By purchasing this book , I felt I was just making my monetary offering to Ms. Auel to support her next efforts of the trials and tribulations of Ayla and friends . Ms. Auel , please make your next book have some depth and with pitfalls that we are all challenged with from day to day , not some fairyland that you have presented for Ayla . After I read the final page , I thought this book reminded me of a favorite song of mine sung by Peggy Lee . `` Is That All There Is . ''
 This was the worst book Auel has ever written . The characters where ill defined , and nothing really much happened . Ayla had her baby ! Big whoop . The whole story was basically about how Great and beautiful Ayla was and how handsome Jondalar was . Even the sex scenes were beginning to be all the same . As i mentioned before , Auel did a terrible job on defining her characters . I never once felt like i knew any of the other characters in her book . She did n't tell enough about Brukeval and his problems , and that could have been great.She did n't get enough time to make any friends with the other women either . She made it seem also that Ayla and Jondalar were the perfect man and woman . Ayla had so many great inventions , she could talk to animals , she was the prettiest woman ever ! Oh come on ! there is only so much one woman could be , and there is no woman that is so beautiful that everyone is just besotted with her . And they made it seem like she had special powers or something . She did n't ! Auel also repeated herself in this book . It was like ; we know who Ayla is , we do n't need her to recite all her titles again . Auel probably spent have the book introducing people . It was absolutely ridicoulous . No one is that gorgeous , no one is that smart , and no one is that lucky . If Jean M. Auel already had n't been a world famous aurthor , this book would have never hit the shelves . This was definetly not a book to wait six years on . And the people who did waste six years waiting were badly disappointed . From the way this book was written , i 'd say Auel spent a hurried month on it , and not the six years traviling to Europe for `` research '' like she said .
 I think Jean Auel is an awesome writer . However , I think this book focused way too much on `` how amazing '' Ayla was in the eyes of all the other characters . I adored Ayla in `` Clan of the Cave Bear , '' and `` Valley of Horses . '' -LRB- I have read those two books over and over again . -RRB- In this book , Ayla seems too subdued , or not really shining through , as in her previous books . I agreed with one reviewer which stated that Ayla spent too much time explaining and retelling what all of Auel 's readers had already read in her previous books . I probably will never re-read this book . I still love Jean Auel and Ayla !
 This book is boring - the previous were exciting.This one reminds me of Stephen King and his repetitive writing -LRB- all in the same book -RRB- . Could have been only half as many pages and more interesting .
 I ca n't even get through this book . It IS and IS N'T like the first 4 - it IS because it 's the same thing over and over , it is n't because I can enjoy `` Clan of the Cave Bear '' in 24 hours and I ca n't make it more than 1/2 way through this book after a month . The familiar characters do n't GROW at all . After 12 years , despite her illness , Auel dropped the spear thrower on this one . I ca n't get a sense for the setting despite the nauseating detail . I skipped ahead to read the ending . Nothing new there , either . This book covers about 7 months of time - all the rest covered a year or more and in a lot less pages.The writing is not what I expect from Auel - at one time the POV shifted no less than 3 times in ONE SENTENCE . Omniscient , yes , but with what must be 50 new characters , most of which are forgetable and whose names are alike -LRB- and an INDEX in the back to keep them straight , no less ! -RRB- we could at least keep POV shifts to a single paragraph for confusion 's sake . This story is TOLD , not SHOWN.Sorry , but if you like the series , you will want to read the book for loyalty 's sake , but if you are new to her stuff , read `` Clan '' and stop there . Maybe read Vally of Horses and Mammoth Hunters . Those 3 and you can skip Plains of Passage and Shelters of Stone . If I wa n't collecting the series , my new hardback would be on eBay by now -LRB- unfinished -RRB- where a bunch of others already are going unsold .
 I picked up this book to find out what happened to Ayla of the Mamutoi ... and it was a long , slogging Journey to do so ! Many passages in the book are repetitive and long -LRB- like giving everyone 's full cave name every time , and that ENDLESS Earth Mother hymn , as well as the scenes where Ayla grooms the horses , greets Wolf , Wolf greets her -- all the same , repeated ad infinitum -RRB- . Readers are not stupid and would have gotten the point with one or two mentions of these things ... instead , the reading level of the book is at about the 5th or 6th grade , and one feels slow and dumb reading things over and over . The sex scenes are gratuitous and excessive , lowering this book to the level of a Harlequin romance , instead of the `` educated fiction '' Auel intends . The ending is abrupt and somewhat unprofessional , and leaves the reader feeling as if a door has been slammed in one 's face . This book could have used extensive and judicious editing , and Auel could have used all the left over pages to finish the story of Ayla so we do n't have to wait for -LRB- or buy -RRB- another book . I do n't know that I will . My recommendation
 I 've read all of Ms. Auel 's novels , and have loved every one ... until now . I kept waiting for this to get better , and I kept paging through , and it never got better . The story was boring , and insulting in it 's simplicity -LRB- I felt as if I was reading an archeological textbook for 4th graders -RRB- , there was no excitement as was the case in other books , and the ending was ridiculous . I actually paged through past the last paragraph , thinking that I was missing part of the book . Talk about dropping off in the middle of nowhere . The only saving grace about the ending was just that - it was the ending ! DO N'T BUY THIS BOOK . It 's a waste of -LSB- money -RSB- .
 I waited , like everyone else , for the next installment in this series and did n't hold off until a sale or for a discount.I should have.Either Ms. Auel fired her editor or , like too many of her experts , he died during her extended hiatus.How many times must we be told about Ayla using the night-basket because she had to urinate more often due to her pregnancy ? How many times did we need reminded that Ayla was frightened to become a Zeladoni ? Other examples of this repetitive writing are numerous . The book could have been cut by 15 % and not suffered - probably improved.I hope the sixth book is better edited and Ms. Auel tightens her craft . Yes , I will buy the next one and hope for the best .
 I realize this book was free -- good deal ! But , I selected this book to read outloud to a woman in a nursing residence who can not see good enough to read herself . Her hearing is also an issue . Therefore , I read loudly . The errors in spelling make the flow of reading aloud difficult . Otherwise , it gets the point across . My mom read this book to me when I was little , and therefore wanted to share it .
 First , this is only the first half of `` Little Women . '' Yes , this is the book originally published under that title , but usually it is bundled with the sequel , `` Good Wives . '' This volume only covers the period up to Meg 's wedding.Second , this adaptation has taken all the color out of the work . The descriptions of the girls and their friends are missing , as are descriptions of their clothes , home , etc. . Alcott herself wrote -LRB- ch . 1 -RRB- , '' ... young readers like to know ` how people look . ' '' I question the decision to leave out the descriptive passages as they are some of the most interesting writing , especially to younger readers .
 This is one of the greatest works of American fiction ever written . It touches my heart in a different way each time I read it , and I have read it several times-every Christmas since I was 12 . I 've been looking to replace my worn , cheap , but dearly loved copy with something with a classic cover to mirror the classic literature its binding holds . This `` Deluxe Edition '' is a disgusting display of ... I do n't know what . The cover has nothing to do with the story . Cartoon scribbles of girls with pimples ? Not only is this unappealing , it also implies that what lies on the inside is inconsequential dribble which it most certainly is not.Buy this book , just not this edition .
 Borders Classics is a Borders imprint that makes similar cloth covered versions of classic tales . The reviewers who were looking for `` something special '' for Little Women will find it in the Borders version . The book is almost as beautiful as the story . The Penguin Classics version is just plain ugly .
 The words are so crowded . So I wo n't suggest this one .
 After reading Pride and Prejudice and Jane Eyre , both written in the 1800s and which I loved , I thought I 'd try another classic , Little Women . What a disappointment . I could n't even read the whole thing . I only read the first 176 pages out of 470 , so if the last half is better than the first half , I would n't know . Thank you to other reviewers for giving me the major plot points . I skimmed a few of those and that was enough for me . I did n't want to spend any more of my time reading what I felt was a boring book . I liked three characters , Jo , Laurie and Beth , but again not enough to want to read the rest of the book . It was too syrupy sweet with the mother teaching her girls values such as helping those less fortunate than yourself , control your temper , work hard , be polite etc. . These are nice values , and this might be more desirable for a parent to read to young daughters . Although be aware that there are a couple of deaths of main characters . For me , this book was not good enough . I want entertainment , creativity , surprise , unexpected events and interesting characters . I prefer books like Twilight and Harry Potter for young adults and myself.Data : There is no sexual content which makes it appropriate for children . Setting
 I tried reading this book first when I was five , with my mom , then when I was twelve . It was horrible each time . I remember distictly suffering through it up to the part where Meg makes jam , then deciding it was n't worth my time . My mom hated it each time she read it too.The movie , however , with Winona Ryder and Susan Sarandon , is very good . If you want to know the story and not suffer , see the movie , which is quite good .
 i wold not buy this book if i were you . -LRB- dont buy this book -RRB-
 This book was a bland romance book.I am twelve year old boy so dont get be wrong that i read love books.Theonly reason i had to read this book was because my mom made me read it for homeschooling.I would no recomend this book for boys.Girls may be wild about this book but i think the book was crappy.But i gave little men a very good read.You can read it if you type in little men.Go to second page and its the first book on the top.Please read it .
 The book is so into depth and it gets boring after 3 to 4 pages of each action in the story . The March Family seems like THE PERFECT FAMILY . Its scary and extremely fictional because of this PERFECT FAMILY thing . FREAKY !
 Little Women has a very weak plot , going back and fourth between what the character is thinking and what is actually happening.This book also completely lacked amusement ! It talked and talked and talked , about NOTHING !!!! It absolutly moved to slow and when the book finally started getting faster , so much had changed in the story!There are much better classics out there ! DO NOT WAIST YOUR TIME ON THIS BOOK !!!
 This book is so corny I can barely stand it . It tells the story of four obnoxious , annoying sisters and their silly mother . The story is so corny I ca n't bear it . How can people call this piece of trash a classic ? The cheesiness and pure sugary-sweetness of the whole thing is awful . STAY AWAY !!
 This book -LSB- stunk -RSB- beyond all belief ! It was already bad enough that the March sister were extreamly good -LRB- too good -RRB- and how they complained about stupid stuff , like noses and how they were poor -LRB- which does n't even make sense if you have a servant and a manor ! -RRB- but she killed of Beth so early in the series and Jo did n't even marry Laurie !! But instead married her sister IT 'S NOT SUPPOSE TO HAPPEN LIKE THAT !!! It makes me wonder what could possibly fill the pages of the other two books . So I DO NOT recommend this book to ANYONE ! Instead , try Harry Potter : -RRB-
 Louisa May Alcott , Little Women -LRB- Signet , 1880 -RRB- I figured attempting to struggle through this for five months -LRB- actually , five months and one week -RRB- was more than enough torture , and so I gave up about a quarter through the book -LRB- I ended on page 124 of 455 -RRB- . I can understand the many accolades the book has gotten from various writers -LRB- the afterward of the one I was reading , for example , was penned by Susan Straight -RRB- about the depiction of women , especially young women , as groundbreaking for its time . All well and good , but I could n't get past the aggressive bucolic nature of the thing , which makes the Beany Malone novels seem as if they were written by Huysmans or Lautreamont -LRB- or Sartre or any other nihilist/existentialist you 'd care to name -RRB- . I have often wondered if there were a particular novel Melville were parodying in the hilarious opening pages of Pierre ; it is obviously not Little Women , published some twenty-eight years after Pierre , but I can see where Melville was coming from anyway . -LRB- This was actually an accepted literary style of the time ? How depressing . -RRB- You may ask what in the world I 'm going on about -LRB- though I assume if you 're a fan of the book you have an idea of what the word `` bucolic '' means without me having to explain it to you -RRB- . It 's this -- no one in this book ever thinks a truly bad thought . No one could ever even consider doing a bad deed . These characters are squeaky clean . Have you ever , in your entire life , encountered a household with four female children -LRB- especially four female children being raised by two females , since dad 's off to war -RRB- where there was no bickering ? Ever ? Where every small , unintentional slight was worked out by calm , rational debate ? No . Of course not . Why ? Because that household does not exist . It did not exist in 1880 , and it does not exist in 2009 . There are obviously those who can relegate that to the backs of their minds ; I found it impossible . Thus , one more book fed to the dustbunnies in 2009 . -LRB- zero -RRB-
 I purchased a copy of this book strictly based on the graphics of the cover . I was truly disappointed when I received the book of LITTLE WOMEN with an entirely different graphic for a cover , no way resembling the cover shown .
 I agree with the reviewer below me 100 % . This cover is disgusting . I was hoping to find a lovely copy of this book for my sister as a gift because she loved the copy I purchased for myself a while back . Mine is from Borders classics but unfortunately I do n't think they are making the same copy anymore . It is a beautiful hardcover , fabric covered , bright red with gold embossing and nice victorian female silhouettes . I was hoping to find her something comparable . I do n't know why they decided to make beautiful fabric versions of other classics such as Pride and Prejudice and Jane Eyre which i have purchased and love , but to release this horrible version of Little Women . I truly wish they had made it along the lines of the faric covered hard cover classics . I guess this was an attemt of modernizing a book which does n't need to be modernized in order to be loved , that is what makes it a classic after all . What a shame .
 I found this version to be very trite and the voices did not match the depth of the characters . I was quite disappointed compared with other audiobooks that I have listened to .
 I give this a one-star only for the introduction . The book `` Little Women '' itself is a wonderful and lovely classic . However , this Barnes and Noble edition with the introduction by Camille Cauti is what I have decided to rate and I give it a one-star rating . If you are wishing to read a 21st century review of a 19th century book and desire to bring into the story links to homosexuality and questioning the sexual orientation of the author , Louisa May Alcott , then by all means , buy this edition and read the introduction by Camille Cauti . I bought this book to give to my 12yo daughter not realizing the introduction would be discussing this topic ... I thought the edition a beautiful copy ... cover picture , etc. . It was n't until later that I read the introduction . Altho . I did not buy this from Amazon -LRB- I bought it at our local Barnes and Noble store -RRB- , I offer this review of this particular edition to provide others with awareness of the introduciton by Camille Cauti and her unfortunate 21st century analysis . If you wish to have this sort of analysis of this book in your personal home library , then so be it ... buy this edition . If you , like me , wish to have a copy of a classic and lovely story of Little Women without the 21st century analysis , then do not buy this edition . Just a heads up for anyone considering this Barnes and Noble edition .
 Why give your child an adaptation of a classic?The original book IS a classic because it 's that good , but it 's not intended to be an easy reader . There are lots of references to Dickens , 19th century schools of thought and people and places of the times.You can read the real book young -- I read it in 6th grade , and it 's still one of my faves.But your child will not get it until they are much older , not matter how gifted they are !!!!!!!!!!!! An adaptation is not the answer . It 's like feeding your child a pint of spaghetti sauce that has been drowned in a quart of water -- the original is there , but the flavor is gone . And so it the nutrition !!! There are plenty of books your child will enjoy and RELATE to . Wait to read the real thing . Or if you really insist on exposing them to the story before they can read it , let them see one of the film versions first -- they were all pretty good .
 `` Take care my skirt do n't trip you up ... '' `` Do n't Meg pull fair ? '' `` Oh , yes she tries to but she do n't love Bethy as I do ... `` If you 're looking for a copy of Little Women with lots of colorful illustrations do n't buy this copy there are none.If you 're looking for a copy with extra information about the author do n't buy this one there 's only a very short paragraph at the end about Louisa May Alcott that comes after the 15 `` book discussion '' type questions that are not very useful to an independant reader.I was not impressed with the wording of this Sterling Publishing edition of this beloved children 's classic . I 've read other editions of Little Women and do n't remember the word do n't being used so poorly throughout the novel as it was in this edition . Are these the original words of Louisa May Alcott or do n't people know how to use proper English back in the 1860 's ?
 Little Women is very like The Brady Bunch . In its time , everybody knew it was sugary-sweet and unrealistic . -LRB- Including , and especially , Alcott . -RRB- It still dared to tackle subjects previously taboo . -LRB- For Little Women , it was daring to show girls with personalities , for Brady Bunch , it was new to show blended families . -RRB- The world was never like this -- even Alcott 's own life was not . She idealized a miserable childhood into something that would sell
 This book , Little Women by Louisa May Alcott was boring . I did not enjoy her style of writing at all . Another factor that lead to me not liking this book is that it was from the 1800 's . Young teens like me are not into these types of boring `` 1800 's '' books . This book was a torture to read . You might ask , `` what was going through your mind as you were reading this book ? '' Well , to all of those people out there , my answer is `` boring ! '' Louisa explained everything that was going on ... only a little bit too much . I would recommend this book to anyone who has a mature mind and enjoys reading classic style books .
 The rating is for THIS edition of the book , feminist ideologue Elaine Showalter 's genital revisionism blots the text everywhere . Nor is the theme concerned with the `` tension between social responsibility & individual and artistic freedom '' except in the fevered dreams of academic collectivists obsessed with `` group identities '' who have instigated more cultural disintegration then anyone since the anarchist 60 's by eroding all Individual Responsibility & intellectual standards . Since acquiring a CEO from Disney the Penguin Classics once a distinguished series has become largely a pulpit for multiculturalists , feminists , post-colonial theorists and academic careerists brainwashed by Edward Said to `` re-frame '' `` de-construct '' and deface in the name of a politically reductive , emotionally vacuous jihad against Western Culture . Showalter 's a scumbag .
 I really dont know what the hype is over this book . Its considered a classic , yet , it is boring reading . I did n't find any of the characters of any interest and the pace is slow .
 Little Women is too long and very boring . There is just so much extra details in this book !!!! Half of wich , do not even make any sense !!! The girls in the book worry about everything and constantly cry , Marmee is and unrealistic mother , and EVERYTHING IS DESCRIBED ! If you have patience for tiny print and dry story , you may find this book somewhat interesting.Also , I would like to ask , what is a teen girl -LRB- Amy -RRB- doing getting married to a man AT LEAST 40 YEARS OLD ??!!
 I found Little Women okay , but a bit boring at times . There was absolutely no humor and I frankly did n't care what happened to the very unreal characters . The four sisters were too different to be actually related and Beth was too much of an angel . At the end of the novel , I did not find that I was attached to any of the characters.The book did not give me any emotional satisfaction and there were too many plots going at once.However , I will give some points to the quality of the plot . It was very realistic and surprising . Set during and after the Civil War , the March sisters -LRB- Meg , Jo , Beth , and Amy -RRB- struggle to grow up and , if not conquer , at least suppress their worst faults.In short
 Very long and boring never read this book you will regret it with all your life trust me and my friends we all read this and we all hate it !!!! &
 Little Women by Louisa May Alcott is a -LRB- boring -RRB- fiction book about the four March Girls - Meg , Amy , Jo and Beth , who I can never tell apart . They are poor and their father is at war , and they have all sorts of , um , not really adventures , but you get the point . Well , it tells about their daily lives - not that interesting . Alcott devotes whole chapters to something as trivial as making dinner - and does n't make it even that interesting . In the end , they are all happy and married with kids , thus giving the message to reach true happiness the ultimate goal must be marriage - not.I ca n't believe Alcott managed to write 647 pages of this - it was so dang boring ! Of course , it had its interesting moments , but for the most part , I ca n't believe I 'm alive , writing this review . Overall , this book has n't affected me much - just another book.Plot - boringEnding - pretty satisfying , especially because it 's the endingFlow - I still do n't know which character is which , and the book went from , say , a tea party , to a dinner , and back to the tea party ; confusing!Would I buy this book - I already did , but it was free -LRB- meh heh heh -RRB- Would I reread this book - NO!Bottom line
 I think this book is a touching story of a mother and her kids trying to live happy romance and more . Mother got what she wanted a grand child and even though they never became rich they were rich in love affection and happiness .
 Despite the Jessie Wilcox Smith illustrations on the front and back covers , I was very disappointed to discover that the artist 's color plates that so perfectly capture the characters and events in this American literary classic , were omitted from this edition . Intending to give it as a gift , I ordered this book because I was under the impression that it had the famous Jessie Wilcox Smith pictures . What a disappointment !
 This version of Little Women is only half the book , the cover says complete and unabridged but that is not true . It is not complete ; it is only Part 1 , which is very disappointing when you 're expecting the whole book.I have nothing against the story , that is not why I rated this product low , I just thought people should know its not all of the story and have to be disappointed .
 I bought this book as a gift to impress the receiver . To my shock , the receiver told me the book was very nice indeed but it contained only the first half of the book . I did not see anywhere where we are told about this being only half of the book unless you include the Library Journal description .
 I love `` Little Women '' by L.M. Alcott . It 's a great book . Unfortunately whoever published this version left it full of spelling and punctuation mistakes ! I ca n't believe it 's sold like this . Did n't someone edit it ??? Very dissatisfied and will be returing it .
 This book was okay but boring it has no action it also did not change from a little girls voice to a big girl or women voice
 I have n't read this book & probably should . I started to in grade school and got bored after 2 pages . Anyway , I watched the movie recently and was very confused . It was a pretty good story and apparently autobiographical , but can someone who is hip on this story answer some questions . e-mail me at msbeckaru@aol.com1 -RRB- Who is Marmee ? The sisters are Meg , Jo , Beth , & Amy as best as I could tell . Does the mom have a name ? 2 -RRB- Is Teddy the same person as Laurie cuz I 'm really confused on that . 3 -RRB- What are Meg 's babies names ? They did n't say in the movie . 4 -RRB- Who 's the old lady who leaves Jo the poodle and the house ? Is she a relative?Thanks .
 This story is so incredibly melodramatic it 's not even funny . Jo is such an unlikeable character . She 's arrogant , fickle , and a complete drama queen . I was frustrated the whole time I read this book . I was hoping that there would at least be a good ending to this story , but the ending was the worst part of it . So Disappointing .
 They sent me a copy of Little Women , but a COMPLETLEY DIFFERENT EDITION from what I ordered . Now I have to go through the hassle of returning it . They said that that was the edition they had on hand , so they sent it out !! They thought I would n't notice . I ordered a pocket edition and they sent me a large book , and a large print one at that !!! I would give them NO stars if I could !
 Maybe to the older person `` Little Women '' is an interesting book , but let 's face it , the new genereation is just not interested in this kind of book . When I was in grade school , I had to read it for a project , and I hated it . The reason was probably beause it was not flashy or out of the ordinary . It just told the average story about the average family at that time . it may be interestign for some , but the young readers of today just do n't like it all that much .
 LITTLE WOMEN BY LOUSY LOUISA MAY ALCOTT -LRB- I THINK THAT 'S HER NAME -RRB- IS THE UTMOST WORST BOOK YOU WILL EVER READ IN YOUR ENTIRE LIFE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! IM GOING TO CALL lOUISA lOUSY ... BECAUSE THAT 'S WHAT DESCRIBES THIS BOOK . lOUSY WRITES A LOUSY 1800 'S BOOK THAT IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BORING !! THIS BOOK IS VERY INFORMATIVE AND IS NOOO FUN TO READ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Very boring . I had to read it for something I did at school . The beggining is OK but after awile it gets really boring . For example they propose he gets turned down ect . I did n't really getthe feel for this book . I had heard it was supposed to be good . But I heard it from one of my substitutes she said it was really good but I do n't really like romance , stress , and poverty in stories but if you like that you can try this book . I DO NOT . YES I DO NOT RECCOMEND THIS BOOK !!!
 I am genuinely baffled by the degree of devotion this book still inspires based on the reviews at this site . I remember trying this book as a girl and disliking it ; I gave it another try now on vacation , at the age of 47 . I still dislike it . The characters are caricatures and speak in stilted dialogue unlike that of any real people -- much less interesting people . Do n't misunderstand -- I like good nineteenth century novels . In fact , I love Dickens , Trollope , the Brontes , George Eliot , Mrs. Gaskell , etc. . This book is a pale imitation of those -- a mere period piece .
 I was expecting the book in the picture but what I received was a solid blue covered version . Would not go through this seller again .
 I really did no t find this book interesting . I like James bond more . I grade it 5 stars . This is a girl but one who is a tomboy . But that is my opinon . Most people love it but I did not
 This is a book that I 'd heard about all of my life , so I figured I ought to finally read it . Unfortunately , it is truly miserable . I would have given up on it about halfway through , but our internet died for a few days so I was n't able to download anything else from the library.To be fair , the book was written for prepubescent girls , and I am -LRB- at the time of this writing -RRB- a 38-year-old man . But I have to believe that even the target audience - in this generation at least - would find it a slog.This book features the March family - primarily Mrs. March and her four daughters , Meg , Jo , Beth , and Amy . It describes the daily joys and travails of these mid-19th century New England women . Unfortunately , nothing much happens to them . Trivial events - such as a disastrous meal , or a picnic lunch are the subjects of full chapters . The girls mostly sew , do their chores , play outside , eat , and sleep . The book is full of moral lessons , admonishing us all to be selfless , good , pure , and true . Some of these morals are timeless , and good behavior is something we can all aspire to . But the lessons are delivered with as much subtlety as a sledgehammer , in such a cloying way , and with so many superlatives as to make you want to stick a finger down your throat.The book also has lessons that are not -LRB- thank God -RRB- timeless . Three out of four of the little women who feature in this book have interesting talents
 Please note that I am rating this particular edition of the novel . The book itself is surprisingly wonderful and easily deserves five stars . This particular edition , however , is flawed . My copy had forty pages missing and replaced with a portion that was already printed in the prior chapters . This was very frustrating , and things were only salvaged when I discovered the power of Google Books . To ensure that your reading pleasure is not disrupted , please consider getting another edition of this fantastic book !
 Sorry , but I truly could not abide the narrator . Smarmy beyond tolerance . It the March girls were 5 or 6 years old I could perhaps understand the way their voices were characterized but considering they are teenagers ... well , intolerable . I really tried , but I could not listen for more than half an hour and then I was done . Too bad they did n't find a better narrator .
 I bought this edition of Little Women for my niece . I chose this edition because the product description mentions margin notes that provide a historical perspective . There are no margin notes ! You get the great , classic story , of course , but the description is inaccurate . There are several illustrations , but be warned that the margin notes do not exist .
 i am yet to finish the book but is kind of boring to me . I am still reading it because when i start something i always want to finish it that is why i am still reading it otherwise i would have abandon it .
 Please make it shorter and not to have so many confusing plots in it . But it was still a little bit good .
 Where did you get this edition of Little women ? It was filled with grammatical errors . Reading your book really was a bizarre experience . Have one of you editors read this edition .
 zzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz z z zzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzz z z zzzzzzzzzzzz zzz z z z z z z z z zz
 I borrowed this eBook from my local library and read 60 % of the novel before realizing it was not Louisa May Alcott 's original , but a children 's adaptation of the novel . This was not clear from the title of the book or the reviews provided by Amazon . Other customers ' reviews referenced the fact that this eBook contains only `` Part One '' of Little Women , and not the second part of the novel , now considered its sequel , `` Good Wives . '' However , it should be noted that the Little Women story in this eBook is incomplete and does not contain the original text of the novel . Do not purchase this eBook if you are looking for Little Women - find an official , authentic version instead .
 I was so , so looking forward to reading `` Little Women '' to my daughter , so she could be caught up in it as I was at an early age . I particularly chose the `` Whole Story '' edition because of its broad margins , easy-to-scan pages , and charming illustrations and margin notes that add historical texture to the story.Imagine my shock to discover that at the end of THIS edition , Jo has not written a book , Amy has not gone off to Europe , Professor Baer has not made an appearance of any kind and ... you 'll never believe this ... Beth is still carrying on a conversation -LRB- I 'm trying not to spoil the plot of the real thing here -RRB- . That 's because , apparently , `` Little Women '' was initially published in two parts -LRB- `` Little Women '' and `` Good Wives '' -RRB- , which are generally published as the same book . Whole Story has chosen to stop at the half-way point , so much of the story you remember , loved , cried , and laughed over is just not here.Imagine getting only the first half of Tom Sawyer ... leave him stranded on the island forever!I feel completely conned . It 's a five-star story - make that maybe even a seven-star story - but it 's a one-star edition .
 Please do n't misunderstand me ... I am NOT disparaging the original story of Little Women . The one star rating is for this particular edition of the book . I have loved this book all my life and having worn out my childhood copy , was hoping to get a new one . An UNABRIDGED copy !! This is not the original ... words and whole phrases have been changed and added to this copy ! If you , like I was , are looking for an original , untouched , UNABRIDGED copy of Little Women then bypass this edition !! I can not even begin to tell you how disappointed I was !! I will be returning this copy and continue my search for a REAL copy of Little Women that has n't had words changed , modernized , or `` dumbed down '' !!
 Sure the story is great -LRB- as it would be with any version -RRB- and this version does have the nice print and book mark , however , the advertising suggested to me , at least , that there would be several illustrations . There were none except silly chests with each little woman 's name engraved on them at the start of each chapter.Do not select this book if you are looking for an * illustrated * version . The Illustrated Junior Library version is well illustrated and at least as high quality a printing.By the way , read the sales copy above to see how misleading it is . Just for that reason , consumers should eschew this version , and Amazon should have them change it .
 I expected to receive the same edition shown in the picture , but instead received a very low quality , older version . It was a gift and I was very unhappy about the bait and switch !
 I had trouble keeping the girls apart and after reading for a while found myself bored . I did not finish it . But I do not read a lot .
 I just could not get in to this and had it because it has certain items I needed to know .
 I did , at age 8 or so , though , re-reading it today , I find itrather grim and dull . Also , as I learnt some years ago in my teachingdays , this is not a book to be used in the classroom . It is best savedfor long winter days , when reading a chapter can be a daily visit withappealing friends.Much of it is way too puritanical for mytaste . Daughters can not so much as have their rare good breakfast onChristmas Day , and presents need to be sacrificed because how can oneenjoy oneself when soldiers are not ? But the characters are oftenvivid , and the relationships between the sisters are quiterealistic.That said , it does tend to be a winner . The very youngtend to focus on the fun parts rather than the New Englandcongregationalist preaching ... do n't spoil it for them , at the youngage , by telling them just why the Alcotts , on whom this work wasbased , were the `` poor '' outcasts in the wealthyneighbourhood . END
 I hate to say it but this is a book designed primarily for women . I am a male and I would have to refrain from calling it a classic as it failed to cross the sexual divide . The characters are well developed and undoubtedly you care for the four children and their mother especially . The girl 's lovers are unfortunately less developed as characters and they come across as prissy men . The plot is overlong and unexciting . Is there even a plot ? However the plot of Emma was also non-existant but the writing had an edge to it that dismissed any boredom . Unfortunately boredom can creep in while reading this tale . The death of one main character seemed to drag on and on and on ... Am I the only person in the world who rejoiced upon reading that the girl had passed on . `` About bloody time ! '' I cried . I thought about giving this book a solid three stars but that would have been too generous . It is regarded as a classic but to me it was a sentimental piece of rubbish . 2 generous stars
 This is a GREAT book ! I was thrilled to find it at my library , because everyone told me that I should read it . This unique story shows how the March sisters deal with problems together . -LRB- I have two sisters , so I can relate to that -RRB- . The four girls , Meg , Jo , Beth , and Amy , form a tight bond as they deal with frienships , money , marriages , and much more , during the civil war , when their father is away . When their mother , `` Marmee '' goes to help their sick father , they struggle to find any help for Amy , who is dreadfully ill with the scarlet fever . This , and many more problems fill their lives , and they learn to live a better life as they mature and grow strong within each other . This is a wonderful classic , and I encourage you to read the book , watch the movie , or listen to the cassete -LRB- of which I have done all three ! -RRB- .
 I read this book a long time ago and absolutely hated it . Then someone recommended Louisa May Alcott to me so I gave it another shot , but by the end I was truly wondering why Little Women had become such a classic . I found that the first half was lacking in plot - when I looked back on it I realized that I had spent at least a couple hours reading about a ball , a sickness , and a bad dinner - and that the second half had far too much plot . The first part was very hung up on morality and sometimes felt too pious , although Marmee was a remarkably enlightened woman . The characters , especially Meg , did n't feel distinct and realistic throughout the second half ; I felt like the three years that had passed distanced me from the characters . Attempting to jam three romances , a death , and a storyline involving Jo 's writing into the second part only made things feel more detached . As for the aforesaid romances , I tried desperately to find the emotional reasoning behind Jo 's choice and came up empty handed . The one thing that saved this book was the simple language and writing ; I found it easy to read.In short , I 'm sure that this book appeals to some , but I did n't like at 7 and I do n't like it now . I definitely agree with the people that recommended Anne of Green Gables instead - it and its sequels are great books .
 Although I do really enjoy reading book lists , and various award winners , you ca n't always trust the committees who pick the books . Sometimes , you get a ` bad ' on in the bunch . Gay-Neck , the Story of a Pigeon by Dhan Gopal Mukerji is one such book.While not a horrid book , Gay-Neck is also not a book I would recommend or reread . I picked it up because it is on the Newbery list , and it is one of only two books thus far that I truly disliked . -LRB- The other being Hitty
 This book is great if you represent plaintiffs in securities arbitration cases , but it falls short of providing the practical information it promises for running a broker/dealer on a daily basis . As a former general counsel for a Southern California firm , and a practicing securities attorney with NASD experience , I do not find the book helpful in advising clients who are not involved in litigation .
 Unfortunately , I have bought an used box -LRB- on Amazon it was written that all pieces were there -RRB- , but when I opened the box I realized that it was almost empty , so it was not usable .
 The problem with this book is that it really seems like the author and editor did n't care about putting out a great product.There are lots of problems with this book . There are far too many typos -LRB- it 's hard to edit a chess book , but come one ! -RRB- and the organization is horrid . It 's easy to miss crucial subvariations , and the lack of proper indexing , combined with poor organization , makes it very hard to find the game you need.Schiller 's `` strategic overview '' in the beginning is a great idea , but it 's executed poorly . A few examples concerning advancing the d-pawn here -LRB- rather than just scattered throughout the book -RRB- would work wonders.So why two stars ? Well , because despite its numerous flaws , I find myself using this book a lot . There are n't any other good books on the Tarasch defense these days , and it 's an excellent weapon for the club player . There is a lot of good information in here , it 's just so hard tofind !
 The problem with any book by Eric Schiller is that he seems to bite off far more than he can chew or he presents us with superficial stuff . He also seems to have zero qualms about rehashing editing hatchet jobs on books that have been previously written by other authors -LRB- see Schiller 's book on Kasparov for an example -RRB- . And here , as others have observed , he quite poorly executes what could have been a good idea -- a repertoire based on the Tarrasch Defense . It 's all very frustrating for those of us who wish our chess books to be to be labors of love rather than hurried projects sent to the printing press before they are ready . The Tarrasch Defense deserves far better treatment than what Schiller offers us . I do n't recommend this book to anyone . For a far better repertoire book based on the Tarrasch Defense , get Jacob Aagard 's `` Meeting 1d4 '' , published in 2002 .
 When you first see this book you figure , well the content has to be better than the cover . As amazing as it might sound , the content is even worse . The amount of errors really baffled me and stressed me out . Trying to look up things and the entire layout is just awful . How awful books like this get published is beyond my knowledge . Perhaps someone lost a bet or Schiller owns their soul . Maybe if your a 900 player this would help you break 1000 . If your getting this book thinking your gon na be able to defend d4 . I guess your gon na have to find out the hard way how shoddy this book is . A bad chess player that writes awful books is a scary thing . I think Ken Smith and Schiller should start their own club . Donate your money to a good charity or buy yourself something worth having . The only use this book has is the hope of being burned when no logs are left .
 A private investigator tries to solve the question of who murdered Ellen Dahl.For mature readers only because of very vulgar language .
 and mostly stupid dialogue!people do not then or now deal that way with people , nor do they not have any idea why people might take kids out of school , at that time after ww2.example `` why must I not marry ... '' `` how could a girl ... ''
 Despite the garish cover , I was prepared to like this book . After all , Bela Lugosi IS Dracula and his son 's forward was the real hook . Unfortunately , the forward was the best thing about this attempt at modernizing Dracula.The `` story '' was vague and disjointed . It is supposed to be set in the year 2000 and some of the charactors in Stoker 's Dracula appeared , but in different combinations . For instance , Mina is married to Dr. Stewart , not Jonathon Harker . The tale becomes very confusing . Apparently Dracula is now a poet who is broken-hearted about losing his wife , Alyssa . Who ?? Well , there just happens to be a girl who not only looks like Alyssa but is married to an army surgeon who is conveniently overseas . There are lots of added distractions such as a mention of AIDS , antibodies , Bosnia , a pointless attack at a bus stop , etc. . Nothing went anywhere or was important to the minimal plot . Most of the book is full of this drivel -- pointless descriptions , poetry -LRB- bad poetry at that -RRB- and bits and quotes from the Stoker book.The detective in the case , who was at best a minor charactor , becomes the hero who is apparently conflicted as to his beliefs in justice . In one instance he is passionate about bringing Stewart to justice after his murder of a prostitute was discovered . On the other hand he is passionate about forgiving Dracula for killing drug dealers ... ? He 's stupid , as well -- how many times has he been told that bullets do n't affect vampires ? The author does n't seem to know what side of the arguement he wants his charactor to be on . Dracula , too , comes off as a panty-waist one minute and a fiend the next . I suppose the author was trying to show the duality of Dracula 's nature but he missed it completely.All-in-all it was a waste of money .
 I 'm a loyal Victoria Holt fan , reading them in order , and I find that her early novels , Mistress of Mellyn , Kirkland Revels , Bride of Pendorric , seem to be the best . Later novels like Menfreya in the Morning and King of the Castle are dull and formulaic . I really like the Gothic , Romantic Suspense genre , but Victoria Holt 's later novels begin to lack the mystery and suspense that I love . The House of a Thousand Lanterns , while being very well-written and slightly informative on the English and Chinese cultures , is meandering and slow until about the last 100 pages -LRB- 382 page book -RRB- . Then I could n't put it down . After having read her historical `` The Queen 's Confession '' , I believe Holt 's true calling is her historical novels under her Jean Plaidy pseudonym . I recommend `` The Queen 's Confession '' , and you will be hooked on her Jean Plaidy novels .
 I am a huge Victoria Holt fan , but I hated this book . The only reason I hated it was because the man I wanted the heroine to end up with was killed off halfway through the book . I could n't believe this character that I had grown to love died and that the heroine ended up with a character that I really did n't care for at all . It was shocking.The book itself was , as always , well-written . However , if you want to read this book , I suggest reading the beginning , because it certainly was the best part .
 I am a huge fan of Victoria Holt , but this storyline is n't her best . You spend most of the book waiting for Jane to move to Hong Kong to live in the House of a Thousand Lanterns . Jane was the only protagonist that I felt would deserve her demise due to her blinded devotion to her first husband . Oh ... her second husband was not old ... in his early 50 's . I also found the book filled with stereotypes against the Chinese and women in general . I do n't think it was on purpose.Read this book to add to your Victoria Holt collection , just do n't expect too much from it .
 I have forced myself to finish this book . There is no connection between `` the Chinese way '' and the heroine . Everything is throughly stereotypical . If you want something exotic , look elsewhere . This book is a bore .
 i suppose it 's possible that men of the 442nd spoke as the characters in the book , but i just ca n't quite picture it . i was n't in the 442nd , or in WWII , but i did serve in Marine infantry in Vietnam , and these characters just do n't ring true with me . infantrymen are tired , tense , sore , filthy , and smell bad . they 're thirsty and sometimes hungry . they usually do n't have time to be afraid , even when the fecal matter hits the fan . nobody i ever heard -LRB- before arriving in the Nam -RRB- wondered -LRB- aloud , at least -RRB- how they would perform in combat . when they do n't like one another it 's usually a lot more direct .
 I was given this book as a Christmas gift by someone who thought I would like it . I read it in its entirety because I felt obligated.First , let 's be clear . Mark Frost is a successful and esteemed writer . He received a Writers Guild Award and an Emmy nomination for the acclaimed television series Hill Street Blues , and was co-creator and executive producer of the legendary ABC television series Twin Peaks.However , what is very clear is that screenwriting skill and success does not necessarily translate into the writing of novels . I 'm sure there is a Ven diagram somewhere -- circles that intersect in a narrow slice -- that might adequately depict how the skills , training , and experience of a screenwriter intersect with those of a novelist . A few basic elements are like-minded and shared ; most are not.This was Frost 's sophomore effort as a novelist . His first , The List of Seven , has seemingly received better reviews but , alas , I have not read it . And `` sophomore '' provides a suitable term
 I loved `` The List of 7 '' , but this book pales next to it , and is a disappointment . The characters and story are good . But Sparks ' fall from grace and the things he does during it are disappointing and I think unnecessary to the story . It takes away from his lustre as being the inspiration for Sherlock Holmes . This is not a book I will read again .
 I read this book and I thought it was good at first but there were so many characters that I would often forget who was who . After a while I had to write down which character was which because there are far too many of them and I was getting tired of having to go back in the book to find out who Frost was talking about . I have never in my life had to do that on any other book.The only thing I really enjoyed about the book was the Japanese man -LRB- I ca n't remember his name because it has been a year since I read it -RRB- because I am into the martial arts.Overall , I 'd say it was n't all that good . Do n't buy it .
 I read this book a few years ago and the it still stays with me . Not in the way a work of art does , but more like a piece of bad roast you had at that hillbilly bar . It was supposed to be dead but you thought to yourself `` O MY GOD , it 's still moving ! '' Anyway , I could n't care less for the characters and the plot -LRB- all 100 of them -RRB- was horrible . To make a long story short , it ended up in the recycle bin .
 I thought the author could n't do worse than his job with The List of 7 -- how wrong I was ! The 6 Messiahs is an endless stream of predictable moments and horrible plot development . Characters and situations seemed trite and confusing and the last part of the novel was a complete waste . I still believe Frost has the potential for great exciting fiction , but somehow he fails to deliver .
 I own dozens of Haynes and Chilton manuals and they actually show you how to service something . This book goes over NOTHING . It gives very basic info that does n't help you at all . I was working on a 10yr old Duetz and it had a few pages on 70 's models but no spec sheet or repair info on anything . I ended up having to pay someone to service it because I could n't track down specs and apparently neither could the author of this book . WASTE OF MONEY
 Deals disappointingly little with the engine for which I had hoped to use it as a reference .
 Isabel Allende tiene una forma unica y peculiar de escribir . Me gustan mucho sus libros , pero tiene un problema
 Esta es quiza la peor novela que Isabel Allende a escrito asta ahora . Los personajes carecen de caracter y `` vida '' propia . La manera en que Allende narra la historia es muy entretenidad , pero despues de leer unas cuantas paginas , te das cuenta que esta novela no tienen ninguno de los ingredientes a los que Allende nos tiene acostrunbrados .
 After reading Isabel Allende 's brilliant The House of the Spirits back in the 80s , I looked immediately for other books by her . Of Love and Shadows was pretty good , but then things started going downhill when Eva Luna came into the picture . And this , Daughter of Fortune -LRB- Hija de la Fortuna -RRB- has to be the low point . It is little more than one of those pink-jacketed historical romances you can buy at the drugstore . Just because the author throws in a ghost or two and some Chinese medicine does n't make this book magical , spiritual , or deep . It does n't even feel particularly historically accurate . It 's more like the writer just picked a random time in history and did a minimal amount of research into the era . Shallow , poorly defined characters do n't help , either . Altogether a disappointment .
 Nunca me ha entusiasmado el estilo de Allende pero le&iacute; Los cuentos de Eva Luna y me pareci&oacute; que pose&iacute;an cierta calidad literaria mientras que Hija de la Fortuna es una novela totalmente predecible , simple , sin profundidad y con muchos cabos sueltos . Al leerla pens&eacute; que estaba leyendo el gui&oacute;n de una telenovela . No la recomiendo en absoluto -LRB- s&oacute;lo si se ven atrapados por retraso en un aeropuerto y a&uacute;n tengo mis dudas ... -RRB- .
 esta novela es pesima , mal enfocada , y predecible , parece escrita para ventas solamente . y sus personajes no son nada profundos , es una perdida de tiempo hablar de ella y hasta de escribir un comentario.luis mendez
 & iquest ; Porque en vez de leer a Isabel Allende , no ocupan su tiempo en leer a Borges o el Quijote de la Mancha o tal vez simplemente pierden su tiempo en internet ? , se los digo por experiencia , este es uno de los peores libros que he leido en mi vida ... Solo me remito a opinar ...
 Ademas de los personajes fuertes , el enfoque sobre el choque de las culturas y los detalles riquisimos sobre la vida en Chile , China y California , tendria que decir que no vale la pena de leer esta novela . Allende ha escrito y , seguramente , va a seguir escribiendo obras clasicas y inteligentes pero `` Hija '' debe de estar olvidado . Cuando la autora visito a Seattle para presentar esta novela yo le pregunte por que su obra termino asi -- casi sin desarollo del trama . Ella me dijo que si ella hubiera terminado la novela se la convertiria en una mera novela de romance . Temo que `` Hija '' ya es una mera novela de romance .
 Esta novela es entretenida , pero definitivamente no es el mejor trabajo de Isabel Allende . El final no deja mucho que decir . Mi recomendaci&oacute;n es que lean otras novelas de Isabel Allende , como `` La Casa de los Espiritus '' , que es mucho mejor que &eacute;sta .
 From the back cover : A magnificent desire ... in a world of danger.Brand , the Viking , came to Ireland to conquer , not be conquered . Yet when Princess Deirdre first spied him , he was in a cage , brought back to her castle to be killed . As proud as she was passionate , as brave as she was beautiful , Deirgre too felt cage , for she was to wed the loathsome King Malvin . Now taking her healing herbs to the dungeon , she went to tend the Viking ... and met her destiny.Brand 's gentleness astonished her ; his kiss set her afire . And when Malvin took her castle in an act of betrayal , she helped Brand escape , knowing it would turn Malvin 's wrath against her . Then Brand returned with his Viking band to claim her , making her his prisoner , making her breathless with his touch . But was she the spoils of war , or his beloved ? Caught up in a battle between nations , Deirdre was a defiant captive , refusing to surrender until Brand realized that love could not be won by force ... but by setting it free.And my review : You might enjoy this book , but it depends on what you 're looking for . If you want history -LRB- big sections of this book read like a textbook rather than a romance -RRB- , then you 'll find it here . If you want lust between the characters , that 's what this book will give you . If you want endless fighting between the hero and heroine , then you 'll find that here , too.But if you want romance , actual deep , true love between the hero and heroine , then you 're going to be dissapointed . I was . I need more drawing the characters together than just `` you 're so hot I want you so bad that I just ca n't help myself '' . Ugh . I 'm ready to give up on these captor/captive romances . They just do n't measure up . If you do want an enjoyable captor/captive romance , I recommend A WOMAN 'S HEART by Rosalyn West . As for DEFIANT CAPTIVE , I ca n't recommend it .
 My husband and I are new to Greek and Hebrew and we were hoping this would help in our learning process . I 'm sure this would be a great resourse for someone incredibly familiar with Greek but did not find it user freiendly at all for the rest of us . Also the print was terrible and we could hardly see the Greek letters . Disappointed especially after all of the reviews I read .
 This book was printed using print-on-demand technology that scans an old , unavailable book and prints it automatically . Unfortunately , this system does not recognize pictures , or things like Greek text . Since this is a Greek lexicon , none of the content of the book printed correctly . I ordered one for a seminary class , and the college bookstore ordered several from another source for resale , all printed with the same technology , all completely useless . Who ships these without looking at them ?
 Sorry , folks , I guess I 'm just a weirdo . I simply do n't have the patience for authors who feel compelled to describe , in minute detail , every snowflake on every leaf of every branch of every tree ... or every spoonful of sugar that a character puts into every cup of coffee . How about a little PLOT , Ms. Inness-Brown ??? I forced myself to read 50 pages of this , because it was recommended highly by a dear friend , but decided life is just too short to keep on slogging , when there are so many other things to read .
 This book is way too big ! Other books do a much better job of highlighting exam material . This book does not get going until the last 200 pages , then rushes through . This book is great if you want to take your sweet time and learn Exchange Server inside out-not for exam prep
 ` Spin ' is not a good book in a literary sense , but it fulfils the need for a compelling read when you are trapped with a plastic tray in front of your knees at 30,000 feet.The story was suitably lurid , the narrative fast-paced , and the plot overly ambitious and somewhat unbelievable . The resulting combination therefore did the trick one dull weekend . It worked for me.For connoisseurs of the airport lounge bookstore novel , this is certainly not in the ranks of Michael Crichton or John Grisham , but it certainly does work well in that genre , and I did n't close the last page feeling that I had wasted the time I was trying to waste .
 This book was a huge disappointment . Sure , it lists prices for thousands of autographs , but the `` facsimiles '' section is a joke . I highly doubt anyone is losing sleep wondering if their `` Peggy Moran '' , `` Bill Withers '' or `` Marjorie Ann Kent '' -LRB- who ? -RRB- signatures are authentic or not , yet space is wasted with these names , while more famous , more collectable ones -LRB- Garland , Astaire , etc. -RRB- are left out . And to top it off , some of these examples are captioned with glaring typos
 This guy does n't have the foggiest clue how to be a good manager . For those of us that have worked for this horrible individual -LRB- who was fired fom his last railroad job -RRB- I say `` SAVE YOUR MONEY '' . This is one of the biggest goofballs of all time !!! Ask anyone that has ever worked for him . You 'll get the same response . He might as well have written a book about space travel or extra-terrestrials . He knows as much about that as he does good management .
 Understood classic by others , but it bored me . Then again , I had to read this for school . I found it to lack in a real plot . I am a fan of Charles Dickens but this one was not good .
 This book could have made a wonderful short story , but as a full length novel it lacks both and entertaining plot and characters that one can truly empathize with .
 I wanted to read Great Expectations with my Granddaughter who is getting a masters in humanities . They are going back to the classics . I never received the Great Expectations.The computer said it was sent but never showed up on my Kindle . I have a Kindle and I have also ordered products from my computer . I somehow found myself with two -LRB- 2 -RRB- accounts with Amazon . I could order books for my Kindle with one account and anything else with the other account . I have tried to straighten this out twice . The result of the last time was to close my Kindle account and the loss of all my books on my Kindle . I still am unable to order from my Kindle and now am also unable to order Kindle books from my computer . Which makes my Kindle completely useless , just a piece of garbage.While I 'm on the subject I recently ordered a book and received an E mail saying the bank refused to honor the credit card number . Some time ago I had notified Amazon of a new number that the bank had issued . They had gone back and used the old number . I straightened that out and then I received an E mail saying the Book was undeliverable and Amazon was issuing a refund -LRB- the address was right -RRB- . I may never receive that refund because they keep going back and using the old credit card number.I will never order anything from Amazon again .
 This book has a good story concept and Dickens writes well ... but the story would have been alot better had he not been paid by the word . His lengthy descriptions of mundane tasks serve to break the pacing of a novel that already barely dredges along .
 In the first twenty or thirty pages , I was pleasantly surprised by Dickens 's humor and had great expectations for his storytelling and prose-writing talent.I mean he is hailed as one of the greatest literary giants of English literature , as well as one of the most popular novelists of his time.But alas , my great expectations were dashed mercilessly , and I found myself - not unlike how Pip finds himself in the last portion of the novel - banging my head against the hard , boundless boredom that permeated the first 300 pages of non-drama , non-action , and non-story whose only saving grace was that it was not endless.In the beginning , Dickens sustains the story with action , and there 's nothing wrong with that as it makes the story more engaging . But aside from that in the first interminable and insufferable two stages of `` Pip 's Great Expectations '' that span exactly 300 pages , I was thoroughly disappointed in Dickens . Other than Pip getting rich all of a sudden , NOTHING happens
 I 'm a senior in high school and was asked to read this book for my AP English 12 class . While it had some parts that were somewhat interesting , overall I could n't get into the book . I could n't even finish the book , I was so bored with it . I do n't recommend it .
 I am an avid reader and enjoy reading most books . This book , however , I found exstremely boring and I constantly lost interest . There were very few interesting chapters and I was thrilled at finally finishing the book and moving on to another that was better . I can honestly say that this book was one of the worst books I have ever read and would never recommend it to anyone .
 I did not have `` great '' expectations after reading some of Mr. Dickens other work -LRB- see my review of `` Tale of The Two Cities '' -RRB- . But someone told me they at least made a movie about this one so I figured I may as well give it a shot.Well lets just say that I wont be seeing the movie but I will admit that this one is at least better then the other book because it is just thick enough to balance out this wobbly dresser I have when I weged it under one of the legs.A better effort ! I give you a generous TWO STARS this time Charlie ! Youre getting there so keep trying !
 this sucks this is the most boring thing i ever had to listen to . I only listened to this because the book was worse . The book is terrible and I dont even see how peoplecould like it . What really makes itbad is that Dickens was paid by the word , so he wrote as much as possible so he could have a little spending money
 THIS IS BY FAR THE WORST BOOK I HAVE EVER READ !!!!!! do not read it unless u have to ! i had to read this book for english , and it made no sense and was absolutely terrible ! i would never recommend this book to anyone !
 This book has nothing to do with anyone expecting anything great , so I hate it ! This book is perhaps one of the greatest books of all time , but I hate it , because the title is misleading . What the Dickens does the author think he 's doing giving this book a title like that !?
 I ca n't i am required to read this book . Its endlessly boring ! The literature is just so boring and so dull ... . its mental torture to read this book , they should give this book to read for the prisoners in Guantanamo Bay for torture .
 this book was excruciatingly painful to read . when i read this book i finally understood the definition of the word infinity . i would recomend this book to friends who have insomnia or those who i absolutely despise .
 Pages are all different size and roughly cut . A bit rubbish , really . This is not a reflection on the narative , which of course is well reviewed in general .
 I was forced to read this book in my English class this year , and I almost died . For a more thrilling read , try a dictionary or a phone book .
 Charles Dickens ReviewI think that this book was a little bit advanced for us to be reading there was way too many different characters and way to many character changes . If he would have kept the book simpler , it might have been a little bit easier to read and understand . It also would have helped if the author would have only given some of the characters one name instead of giving some people two names making it look like they were a completely different person , that was very confusing.It was good at the end when things finally started coming together and making a little more sense . One of my favorite parts was when Pip finally realizes that he is not meant to be a gentleman , and that he was meant to be a blacksmith . The major themes were the only thing that really helped me understand the book . I really didn &#65533; t like this book very much because I couldn &#65533; t really relate to it , therefore , I couldn &#65533; t understand it . I think that we should have read a book that was more modern and practical .
 This is my least favorite book . I was forced to read it for freshman honors English , or I would have stopped reading it . It has a good plot , but because Dickens was paid by the word , he added too many useless details . I really did n't enjoy dinner scenes that lasted for 17,000 chapters without revealing anything remotely important . However , the way the characters intertwined was fascinating . If you want to get the interesting part of the book , read the cliff 's notes . I 've also heard it 's a little less mind-numbing on tape . Only read the book if you 're going to be quizzed on it the next day . I do n't know if all Dickens is this bad , but I 'll not read any more of his books until I 'm forced to for my next English class .
 Great Expectations was not that great of a novel . I found it to be dull and a bit on the boring side . Charles Dickens wrote a novel about a boy who had a hard life , and in the end he was happy ... Big Deal !
 This book is not a book most people should read . I would n't call it horrible but it is intensly boring . Dickens takes a whole chapter to say something anybody could say in a sentence . Im in the eighth grade and am required to read it . At times i dont have a clue wats goin on but i get the basic gist of the story and plot . I only recommend this for reader lovers , highly advanced people in litereture and who can understand something not written in english .
 This book was very dull and boring . I was made to read it in English and I soon realized not far in that it was very boring . It 's not a good book for highschool readers . It is written in very dull and boring text . I mean the theme is great and all but the language and storyline stinks . I would not ever read this book again and if I had a choice to get this book or nothing i would n't get anything . It is n't a book to buy but for some odd reason is still have the one left from school . This book is quite possibly the worst book i ever read . If you are really interested in this book then go see the stupid movie or rent i from the library .
 Do not read this book . It is a form of painful torture ! If you have to read it for school buy the Cliff Note . Or if your instructor is on to that kind of thing , at least listen to the audio book . At all costs do not read this book ! Take it from someone who knows .
 You wo n't be needing a bookmark with this novel - more like a pillow ! I read this my freshman year of high school , maybe I was just too young to understand it and appreciate it , but I could not read the whole thing without falling asleep . After reading half the book , I read the cliff notes and actually found them more interesting than the novel itself . Unless you are suffering from insomnia , I would n't buy it .
 I had to read GE for my freshmen honors English class , and I thought Lord of the Flies was bad ! Dickens takes 1 paragraph to convey an idea that could have been said in 1 sentence ! Many of the vocabulary is just out of our time , and take the fun out of the story . Unless you have heaps of time and patience , I recommend that you stay away from this `` book '' .
 I had to read this book twice
 I had to read this book this year for my English class . At first I was interested , when Pip was a child , but I quickly became sick and tired of it 's boring nature . I am in the honors program in my school , and we only had about 2 and a half weeks to read it , but it seemed like 2 and a half years . I was disappointed most because this massive plot builds up , and I was waiting for something to happen , but nothing really did . Furthermore , it was a bit hard to understand , especially since my mind was drifting , becuase it is hard to pay attention to this book .
 AAH ! This book bored me to tears ... literally . Thanks to Charles Dickens and his array of b **** y women and the rest of the babbling morons , I never want to see that book again . It was thrown across the room many times in the course of my reading . Being forced to read that garbage did n't help much either . I do n't understand why honor english students have to be tortured with his 500 pages of nothingness . I had to get the monarch notes to be able to understand it all ! It made me feel like an idiot and maaaaaaybe if it was understandable and shorter ... . it would actually be good . MAAAAAAAYBE !
 I think Great Expectations was a very long , boring book that did n't have a plot . Dickens seemed to drag the story on and on . If the book was n't as long , it might have been better . I heard somewhere that Dickens got paid by the word and that is was there 's a lot of extra , stupid words in it . I also think that it was twisted because everyone was realted to each other .
 the book was boring , poopy , i did n't like it at all , had to read it for school , not a good time
 I must confess that this was the first book I 've read from Charles Dickens and did ` nt liked it.I believed that he would describe more profoundly the rigid class difference in the british society of the end of XIX century .
 Great Expectations was a mediocre book . I was not impressed . I had to read this book for my 9th grade honors English class . It was too long and boring . I see were Dickens was trying to go with the suspense , but it just made the book monotonous and boring . The uncanny coincidences just did not seem real . It 's ok to use a coincidence as a tool of suspense , but this was just overkill . Every chapter was boring . I got tired pretty quickly of pip wishing he were with Estella for the whole book . Also , the book seemed to stray away from the main point for chapters at a time . Who cares about Wopsle 's stupid plays ? This could all be summed up in a couple of page short story . In conclusion , this is another swing and a miss for Dickens . STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS BOOK ! If you want to read a good Dickens story , read `` A Christmas Carol '' and nothing else written by Charles Dickens .
 I had to do this for school . I could hardly get through it . All they did was talk . It was long and boring . I HATED IT !
 The most boring book i 've read in ages . If it was n't for school I would never have read this book .
 This book was very boring . Details in a book make it interesting but the extended details in this book made it nausiating . This book had a very interesting plot and many good ideas but the way it was writen didnt appeal to most of the students in my school that read it . A poll was taken and about 73 % of the students in the school liked this book . What does that show about the book ?
 This book was literally the worst thing thats happened in my whole entire life.I was forced to read this long . boring book for english class and either fell asleep , or sat there and sared off into spce.THIS BOOK WAS HORRIBLE !!!!!!!!! The only GOOD thing about this book is that I hav found a new way to doze off without sum sleeping pills -LRB- just read the first two pages and WALLA ure fast asleep !!!!!!! -RRB-
 after reading this book i think dickens would benifit from very low expectations . and by that i mean a lot of people will be returning this book and giving bad reviews . all the classics always in my opinion , are very bad
 Let me see.I hate this book . It is a required reading for English , mostly to show the difference between Flat and Round characters . Well it worked ! Most of the characters in this book are flat ! Ugh.I ca n't get over how the plotine does n't even move normally . Its like when you want to drive somewhere and you hit a million and one detours . Eventually you 'd say , `` Screw it ! Who needs food ? '' But nooo ... Dickens just kept on driving around . I think only ONE subplot was actually straightforward , and that would be Miss Havisham and her ex lover.Basically , I got halfway through this book , then fled to Sparknotes . I was n't going to read it . I was just going to make sure I knew enough to pass the test I had to take on the garbage.Ironically enough , those of us who used Sparknotes got better test grades than those who actually read the book . That say something about how much sense it made ...
 This book by far is the worst piece of shi -- garbage I have ever laid my eyes on . The story has a skeleton , and a little bit of meat -LRB- and I like meat -RRB- , but mostly , it 's just fat . Especially the second stage of Pip 's expectations , which finds Pip devoid of any characterizations beyond `` I 'm rich and you 're not , '' and `` Oh , how I do love the lady Estella . '' It 's enough to make you vomit . Mr. Dickens should have made this a much shorter novel , or maybe even a short story . It still would have been boring , but maybe not as boring .
 A guy I work with read this book and it seemed like he was reading it for three years ! Every day he sat there with his legs crossed sipping his tea and reading Great Expectations , spending about an hour on every page ! What an aristocrat . It was brutal!Than I tried to read the book.I could n't get past the first stage or the first part or whatever because it was so f*cking boring i thought my f*cking head was going to explode ! NOTHING HAPPENED!That freak I work with did n't like it either.I 'm just surprised he could read the whole thing without completely losing his mind .
 Hi ! my name is Roy Chan and I am reading this when I 'm in 7th grade . I decided to read Great Expectations because I thought it has a lot of excitement . When I read it , it turn out okey but when I 'm in Chapter 6 it is boring and hard to understand . So I give it up . Maybe I do n't understand this book because I am too young . Maybe I will read this book again in 9th grade .
 I was forced to read Great Expectations because my Accelerated English teacher made us . I do not think the novel was very well thought out and was much too indecisive in many parts . Dickens did not seem to know really what he wanted to do with the plot . He even made two endings !!! He was much too descriptive and that made the story even more boring than its story line made it in the first place . I have heard that many people think this was his greatest book and that makes me wonder if they have read anything else by him because I do not think anyone could get much more boring !
 Well I read this book with some great expectations and I should n't have . I figured that it was going to be a wonderful book because of the author -LRB- wrong -RRB- Ihad to strugle just to read 2 pages without getting sleepy . Altough I have great respect for Dickens and all of his accomplishments , I did NOT like this book !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Last year as a Freshman in high school I was assiagned to read this book as a class project like many of the other critics who have already written their crities . Although I must admit that the book was in reality flat out boring and totaly lacking in point I would not recomend giving up on Dickens becuse of it . I can not with in any honesty recomend this book to anybody but I would eagerly recoment Dickens .
 I had to read this for a high school summer reading list . It was the worst reading experience I ever had , and I love reading books . I cried several times trying to plug through the long-winded -LRB- obviously Dickens paid by the word -RRB- presentation . While some themes are mildly interesting , there were no scenes that captured my attention or held it for any period of time . This book might be great as an adult -LRB- which I 'll gladly never know -RRB- , but definitely not as a 16 year old . Sucks sucks sucks.Note to Teachers and Principals , please do n't assign this to your high school students . There are so many better and more captivating books . This was the first book I ever read that truly took the joy out of reading for me .
 This page tells me next to nothing about this product . When I try to find out anything at all about this audio version , I ca n't . I ca n't see the back of the package , which would tell me something , because when I click `` see the back cover , '' it gives me the Norton Critical version , which is NOT this product . The reviews also are of the paperback version , NOT this product . Please provide adequate product information . Who is the reader ? Is there just one reader , or a cast ? What else have the reader -LRB- s -RRB- done in their careers ? Is this their first professional job ? How is the audio quality ? Etc. .
 I 'm just starting to read it but I 'm sure the novel will fulfill my `` great expectations '' . But I have to complain about the physical book . The pages came incredibly badly cut and the cover was thorn and damaged , as if it had been used for over a decade!Besides , the introductory study gives a lot of details and hints about how the story is going to end and I hate that !
 Put simply , Great Expectations is a wordy , convuluted , and overrated peice of trash . Written originally in different volumes and distributed to an excited Victorian republic , Dickens was able to make his audience care and feel for his odd , moving characters . He was the Stephen King of his day ; a clever businessman who distributed mediocre books to the public . That Dicken 's fever passed on from one generation to the next is fine , that this made Dicken 's books classics in schools is a shame . But let me get to the actual book at hand ! Yes , many characters in Great Expectations are original and interseting . Overall , however , Great Expectations is wordy -LRB- ! -RRB- , and painfully convoluted . It is often difficult to get through , and geared towards a certain audience only . This is not to say that everyone will dislike Great Expectations , but we live in an age -LRB- good or bad -RRB- of gritty realism . Authors like James Joyce and F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote with and still show a heavenly pen , Dicken 's stories are what turns so many young people against reading . Anyone who wants to live in a former era , Great Expectations is a must ; for anyone who wants a powerful , sophisticated read PLEASE put Great Expectations in the incinerator .
 This book was a large disappointment for me . I had seen the movie , and hoped that the book would be good . However , I was wrong . In fact , this book turned out to be one of the worst I have ever read . The book has too much description , not even important to the story . Dickens lost my interest in the book from the very first chapter , just a plain description of main character Pip 's history of his family and town . This chapter drags on for too long , as does the rest of the book . As an example , the character Estella 's rudeness towards Pip is repeated so often that it becomes annoying . I got the point of Estella 's bringing up and lifestyle early on in the novel , and this did not have to be repeated so often . This book could very well have been interesting , but Dickens did not do a good job writing it . His continuous decscrptions of such landscapes as rivers and trees are irrelevant to the story , and caused me to drift away from it . I do not reccommend this book to anybody , and advise you to avoid it . I , as well as many other people I know , could not even finish this book . It brought no interest to me , and it is too long , considering that it contained nothing attention-grabbing and no excitement . However , if you do insist on reading this book , please just get the cliffnotes . It is not a book worth buying .
 when I read this book . Honestly , after I liked `` A Tale of Two Cities '' I was expecting more from Dickens . Maybe Dickens wrote in the style of his time , which was to be very detailed , but it really does n't translate well to today . I do n't mind long books -LRB- I 'm reading War and Peace now -RRB- but this book went into extreme detail about the most meaningless things.This story was essentially a Victorian soap opera . Theres all sorts of unknown parents , secret coniving , mysterious benefactors , and worst of all , many unrealistic characters . This book was so contrived and unnatural that I really do n't see how it 's attained `` classic '' status.If you do n't mind meticulous attention being payed to the minutia , which is Dickens 's style , then I 'd recommend `` A Tale of Two Cities . '' If not , there are many other authors much better than Dickens that you can read .
 I was assigned to read for my honours English class and I have never read a more stupendesely boring book.It 's a revered book but it lacks everything that makes a book truly great.It 's poorly written , uninteresting , the characters are unlikable , there is very little theme or characterization , the plot is virtually non-existent . The chapters are so meandering and pointless you have to force yourself to read it.English students should n't have to suffer by being made read this incomprehensible , boring , overrated ` novel ' . I 'd rather watch paint dry than read this book again.Still , any insomniacs looking for a cure , this book 's for you .
 I was assigned to read for my honours English class and I have never read a more stupendesely boring book.It 's a revered book but it lacks everything that makes a book truly great.It 's poorly written , uninteresting , the characters are unlikable , there is very little theme or characterization , the plot is virtually non-existent . The chapters are so meandering and pointless you have to force yourself to read it.English students should n't have to suffer by being made read this incomprehensible , boring , overrated ` novel ' . I 'd rather watch paint dry than read this book again.Still , any insomniacs looking for a cure , this book 's for you .
 I do n't know where to begin . The book never had me . I do n't think it ever actually tried to have me . It 's premise centers around a boy named Pip and his life in 19th century England . It 's only too bad that Dickens spends far too much time showcasing his prolific skills of writing in the English language and less time on any sort of a solid base for this specific novel . The reader feels absolutely no connection to any of the characters , most notably Pip or Joe . The one bright part of the book is Miss Havisham , who Dickens spends enough time with for us to empathize with her for her lonely life.The biggest problem of course , is it 's lack of commitment to any sort of theme . A great novel , as many would claim this is , must possess the language and have something to say . It seems , especially at the beginning , that Dickens is taking his stand against early Industrial Revolution labor practices . However , the book never really delves into that in any way shape or form . When Dickens chooses to describe Joe 's house or some other hovel , he persists to use the same kind of language as when he describes , for instance , Miss Havisham 's or Wemmick 's house . This book , on the whole , is as dry as Spanish sherry and is simply not meant for anyone who wishes to extrapolate anything of meaning from the books they read .
 It 's not worth it , even with the low price of 1.99 . You 're better off getting the free version . The only thing you 're going to get is a couple of illustrations and there is no link for a free audio book like it says there is .
 It is an insult to any reader who wants to enjoy Dickens 's books . It has been severely abridged -LRB- with a very inconspicuous mention of the fact -RRB- for no obvious reason . It also has an asinine foreword by some dubious character . Do not touch it if you like literature !
 After having finished the novel and feeling uncertain as to what was meant by the ambiguous ending , I did some research in some critical journals . Lo and behold , I came to find that the sentence , as published in this edition , is NOT what was supposed to have been written . Doubtless it is a -LRB- large -RRB- typographical error , but it changed the entire ending of the novel . Shameful to have happened , particularly for a book that markets itself towards classrooms and reading groups.The only good thing that developed from this experience is that through my research I discovered an alternate ending that Dickens had originally intended to use . Reading about the controversy between the two endings was interesting . Aladdin 's nonsensical third ending was not . Further , it makes me wonder what else in the story was horribly wrong ... Great novel , but do n't buy it from Aladdin . I wo n't be buying anything further from them in the future .
 This was the worst book that I have ever read in my entire life . I dont know why anyone would want to read this for fun . I had to read it for a summer reading book . If you dont have to read this dont !
 i ordered it december 19 , 2010 and it said i would get it between december 27th - january 11th ... everytime i have ever ordered anything on amazon i have always gotten prompt service ... it is now january 10th and nothing yet
 I had to read this book over the summer . I like the beginning and towards the middle , but actually when I was reaching the end , it became extremely boring and lengthy . Overall , I did n't like this book as much as I heard about it .
 The book was long boring and hard to understand
 I had to read this book a few years ago for an advanced English class and I hate the book . I think its awful that I was forced to read what amounted to an 18th century serial out of a tabloid.The reason the book is filled with so much meaningless drivel is that Dickens was paid for each installment and the longer the series lasted the longer he had a steady job , At least thats my theory . I just wish I could ask the dead author some questions like Why did n't you let Pip grow the Hell up ? That poor me , I 'm a country peasant with no friends act got real tired real quick . Second question Where in his warped imagination did he get Ms. Havishom ? News flash ! Anyone who did so many terrible things because a man left her was mentally unstable before she met the jerk which explains why he left her . Oh and one more thing if your a feminists -LRB- like me -RRB- this book will get you upset enough . The only women in the book are either crazy old hags or out right bitches . It certainly says a lot about male Victorian sensibilities !!
 I looked forward to reading a classic of Dicken 's . Like the title , Great Expectations were had , but not realized . None of the characters were likable , there was no character growth , and it rambled . I have taken great joy in reading Nathaniel Hawthorne , Mark Twain , and even Tolkien . At least Tolkien went on and on , it was with purpose and there was a point . Dickens ' point was to say that life sucks and there is no point . In which case , what is the point of reading this book ?
 had to read this for school and found it very boring . unless you like things being dragged out then do not read this . good plot but overly explanitive .
 By far the worst literary blunder the world has ever excreted . I would never wish this horific mass of boredom upon anyone . Avoid this book like the black plauge -LRB- another one of Europe 's tragedies -RRB- .
 I was force-fed this book in 2 weeks . I then failed the test over it , because in my fervent reading , I forgot to pay attention . The plot is too complex and the characters too numerous to enjoy just reading the book . The plot drags in places , then speeds in others . I remembered why I do n't read Dickens .
 In this coming of age documentation , you will find disappointment at every turn . Dickens ' tedious descriptions and constant indecision on how the plot should turn makes the novel lose it 's potential merit.Thousands of scholars and other readers have lauded Great Expectations as the finest Dickens ' work of all time . The fact remains that it appears Dickens could not decide whether to make this a tragedy or an `` all 's well that ends well '' happy-go-lucky type of story . This is proven by his change of the original ending . However , any reader could give testimony of feeling `` yanked , strung along , or thrown about '' from page one as they wonder just what Dickens wants them to think about Pip and his less-than remarkable life . Should we sympathize , feel disgust , be concerned ? Does he deserve Estella 's scorn or is he a victim of circumstance?The more you read of this cryptic novel the more you grow to understand that Dickens does n't know what his novel is about , either . The entire book seems to vary by the chapter . And the fact that the plot has a potentially good story behind it that Dickens does n't care to elaborate on makes the entire thing a bit more tedious for the take.The fact remains that Dickens is a fabulous story-teller . He has accurate , unjaded descriptions , refreshing , occassionally bitter , sometimes triumphant plots , and enough suspense to keep you reading throughout the night . It 's just that none of that takes place in Great Expectations.Holly Burke , PhD.Clinical Psychologist , Abnormal Psych . ProffessorGeorgetown University
 This is often listed as a reading requirement for college and high school classes alike , I read it in college . But there are other great stories that Dickens has done such as `` A Christmas Carol '' and `` A Tale of Two Cities '' and I am unsure why this one is always required reading.The story itself is mildly interesting and the characters and dialogue are unrealistic . There were many times that I felt like I was visiting an insane asylum.Dickens is labeled as a classic author , and often that gives reader 's pre-conceived notions that his novels must be good . But even the best of author 's can have a mess-up every now and then and `` Great Expectations '' is certainly not one that I would recommend reading .
 I know , I know ... I 'm just a stupid high school student who 's brain has been fried by television . I was forced to read this novel in 11th grade and I could n't finish it . Must be because I play too many video games , right?I 'm a freshman in college now , and I still hate Dickens . Do n't write me off as a slack-jawed Gen-Xer though , because I 've read some pretty heavy stuff -LRB- Faulkner , Montaigne , Steinbeck , Salinger , Dumas , Hemingway , Vonnegut , Tolkien -RRB- and loved it . I eat up Mark Twain ; `` A Connecticut Yankee '' was a page-turner for me , and `` Huck Finn '' is my all-time favorite book . I just do n't like Dickens ' writing style , which he shares with most other Victorian novelists
 I am currently being forced to read this book for my Honors English class in high school . I 've already read it once before for a different class , so I know what I am talking about when I say this book is the ultimate cure for insomnia.I honestly try to appreciate what is * supposed * to be fine literature , but `` Great Expectations '' is about as entertaining as watching kale grow . First off , the fact that this book has two endings inspires a bit of skepticism in me . I 've never heard of an author so indecisive that he would put two endings in a novel . It creates a generally unsatisfying conclusion , as you 're at a loss for which ending to `` accept '' . Aside from which , this book has enough useless passages to fill a hundred pages or so . It seems that , basically , Dickens did n't quite know exactly what to write about , but felt the urge to * write * * something * . So he wrote `` Great Expectations '' , following the traditional poor-boy formula of his previous 15 or so books.I find it especially hilarious that none of my teachers have ever even read the bloody novel , but it 's `` good '' according to the curriculum . In the words of someone from a certain other Charles Dickens book , `` Bah ! Humbug ! '' . Do n't judge Dickens by this book , however . `` David Copperfield '' , for example , even though it follows the same `` poor-boy '' formula , is worlds better than this.As much as I 'd love to say , `` Oh , it 's a classic , everyone should read it ! '' , I personally do n't think so .
 Great Expectations must have been what the readers of Dickens ' serial publication must have had when they first read it , and I have to wonder if they were as disappointed as I was after slogging all the way through to the skewed , disjointed , and extremely contrived ending . This was written as a serial , not a novel , and I think Dickens -LRB- and his readers -RRB- would have benefited from a rewrite before publication in novel form.If ever there was a novel that set out to have no meaning , no core , no arc , and most of all , no satisfaction , it must be Great Expectations . The novel 's title clearly states Dickens ' perspective and intention ; that great expectations in life will be met by great -LRB- and bitter -RRB- disappointment , and the greater the expectation , the greater your disappointment in life will be . The idea that a woman jilted at the altar will spend her life grooming a young girl to make other young men 's lives miserable , is a contrived , almost paranoid idea from a male 's perspective . Mrs. Havershim 's great expectations for life were dashed , because instead of moving on to meet a better man , she chooses to become a shut-in and ruin a young man 's expectations for life . However , if it seems that Dickens is building towards some kind of message about not having overblown expectations and then being bitter if they do n't work out , the reader is to be disappointed . Dickens goes out of his way not to make this point or any point , but to make a grimly sad tale bereft of any kind of compass or solace for either the characters or the reader.Pip , the protagonist , survives his encounter with the damaged Estella , who had been deliberately damaged by Havershim to be `` unable to love '' . The ending , in which he encounters her again briefly and is glad she is able to have the heart to `` understand his heart as it was '' , is unbelievable , pompous and drowning in its own self-pity , all at the same time . It also feels as if Dickens took a perfunctory way to get out of a story that had meandered its way away from him.Great Expectations must be the most disappointing , overblown `` classic '' novel I have ever read , not because it does n't have a happy ending , but because of the way that Dickens has created his characters and shapeless mess of a story , and presented it in the most abrasive fashion possible . I was relieved at the end to have finished it , not satisfied , not sad , and certainly not edified . There is nothing to learn or grow from in this novel ; it has made me less of a Dickens fan . And that is the most disappointing result of reading it .
 I 'm surprised that this book is a requirement in highschool . I had to read it in my upper division English Lit class in college and I just could n't get into it . There are way too many retarded characters on which Dickens spends too much time , Pip gets more annoying with every page , especially his love for Estella who is one of the most disgusting characters in the book . I 've read Jane Eyre before this and it was a real page turner . This is plain boring .
 Great Expectations has a few interesting characters . I 'll give it that . Magwitch and Miss Havisham are definitely original and entertaining . But everyone else is pretty bland.Pip 's love for Estella is rather pathetic . Why he would love such a despicable person is beyond me . This fact alone makes Pip difficult to relate to , and thus not a very good choice for the point-of-view character.But the one thing that absolutely ruins this book is the clutter of coincidences . One of the first rules of fiction writing is NO COINCIDENCES . And Dickens goes out of his way to break this rule . Over . And Over . And Over.Really , it is not a very good book . Please do not wasted your money on it -LRB- although there are a LOT of pages , so it could last you months as toilet paper
 I ca n't understand how anyone can stand to read this dribble . A `` Book '' consisting of 50 pages of people standing around talking reads more like a court transcript than a `` great novel . '' If you own this book , burn it .
 I love to read great books like BRAVE NEW WORLD by Aldous Huxley or FAR FROM THE MADDING CROWD by Thomas Hardy . I love THE AENEID by Virgil , THE ODYSSEY by Homer . I read both long versions of LES MISERABLES and THE HUNCHBACK OF NORTE DAME by Victor Hugo . I read THE RISE AND FALL OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE by Gibbons and gained much knowledge from doing so . I LOVE TO READ.But GREAT EXPECTATIONS was a GREAT DISAPPOINTMENT ! I was somewhat amused until chapter ten where I felt the book became psycho-babble . I was also disappointed in TALE OF TWO CITIES . I could not endure the first two chapters ! Dickens did a fine job on THE CHRISTMAS CAROL . But I will NEVER read another of his books !
 I thought the book was boring and the worst I haveever read . It was long and just boring . The characterswere confusing and had so many names that the book went by.I think Charles Dickens was not a smart man for writingthis book . He could have summed the book up a lot . He usedlong word that some times were had to say.The characters were pretty good to follow by with the different names . Pip was easy to follow as he aged . I thought that Mrs. Joe was a big meaniey . Joe was the nice guy and Estella was a snob in the beginning but shaped up in the end .
 For some reason I missed Dickens when I was a child , so I decided to catch up on one of the great works of the English canon . I 'm sorry -- I know that by critical accord he 's one of the finest and most influential of all English writers . And I understand the important work that he did in publicising social justice causes such as child labour . But I find his prose ornate and contrived , his plot slow-moving and predictable , and his characters implausibly one-dimensional . In my opinion Dickens does not pass the test of time .
 This book was a piece of poop . I hated it and I suggest no one read it ... ever . -LRB- :
 This book reminds me of algebra , its boring , time-consuming , worthless , and you will never have to use this in your whole life . Never ! So when you 're teacher asks you to read this book , do n't do it . Read the Cliff Notes or watch the Wishbone version .
 Do not give this book as a gift . It will disappoint . I am still looking for a high quality illustrated version of Great Expectations . However , I can vouch for the vendor who offered a low price and shipped promptly .
 HOW I JUDGE A CLASSIC
 Like many other reviewers , I have been dragged into reading this book by a literature class . The story line is mildly interesting , but most of the book contains fluff that is pointless and you just have to suffer through . The language is also very difficult to understand and not a `` skimmable '' book , by any means . If you really insist on reading this book , I would suggest getting the SparkNotes or the Cliff Notes . They tell you all you need to know
 This book is so boring , I have to read it for my Honors Preparation English Liturature and Writing Class . It is really difficult to understand also .
 I wanted to start collecting the Penguin Classics hardcover editions , and I needed this book for a class so I bought it , and I guess I 'm glad I had n't bought a couple other novels to round out my purchase ! The cover was rubbing off by the time it arrived to me , in a padded box . However the print on the cover is made , it is done very shoddily and could n't handle being on a shelf , much less being read . I am very unhappy indeed . Phooey on whoever came up with this .
 I was greatly disappointed with the way this classic story was printed . The typing errors throughout the book ie.words that all ran into each other , and even pages of the story missing , made what should have been a pleasant read into a chore to finish it.I had looked forward to re-reading all the old school classics on my new Kindle but if the conversion of the old publications to e-readers are of the same standard , then I will not want to do so.I fear that `` Oliver will not be asking for more '' unless the recipe is improved.I have rated it only one star , not because of Dickens Story but because it was spoiled for me by it 's typing .
 I am no english literature purist by any stretch of the imagination but I did have high hopes for this book.The characters are realistic to the period but the story is very slow . The first half of the book is little better than boring . It picks up through the second half but finishes rather disappointingly.This book was purchased after a book club suggested it was Dickens ' greatest work . Having read David Copperfield a number of years ago I would have to disagree.I am glad I read the book even if the only thing I got out of it was to be able to relate to it when others are discussing it .
 I bought this book on Amazon about a year or so ago & just was really turned off by how much writing they cramed into even one page & the font is pretty small , it turned me off to the point that I never did even read the book , to those that did , hope it was good .
 A great reading but the sixteen discs are not labeled as to chapters on the disc nor are there any liner notes . You must play the disc and wait for the chapter to be mentioned during the reading . I do not see why they would have left these necessary conveniences out . Very inconvenient .
 Like many other reviewers , I read this book because it is a requirement in many English classes . Although the plot becomes interesting at times , the majority of it is filler . The book is filled with pointless characters and chapters devoted to run-ons of Pip 's thoughts.Because the book was written so long ago , it is also very difficult to connect with . The character relationships are annoying . The romance between Pip and Estella becomes very hard to believe , because Estella is not a likable person . And the dialect is very unbelievable . It is hard to picture someone using Joe 's speech patterns , even in old English times.While there are probably many people who will enjoy this novel , I would not suggest this book to someone looking for a quick read -LRB- meaning high school students -RRB- . It is very difficult to skim and requires alot of time to appreciate . If you have a lot of time on your hands and you enjoy long , character developing novels this book may be for you .
 I found this book hard to read and hard to comprehend . The book is about a boy named Pip and his rise from lowly to gentlemanly status . Along the way , he manages to alienate his friends and he learns some valuable lessons about friendship in the end . The way the sentences are written and structured made it difficult for me to understand everything that was going on . Many of the sentences would be considered run-on today .
 I 'd heard Chuck was one of them super writers but they talked all kinds of funny in this here book . I did n't understand a plum thing he was a tryin ' to say . I reckon this book is for them smarty pants types .
 A great book in concept . However , Dickens was apparently paid by the word . Especially the silly ones , like `` prithee '' and `` vittles '' . It is time that we stopped attacking freshmen honors students with this pretentious book , which serves only to drive them away from English forever . Nowhere near the best of Dicken 's work , the book reads like a 19th century soap opera , without bathroom breaks and Snuggle-bear commercials . By the time the first interesting character returns to the novel , the reader is lucky if he or she has n't choked to death on tears of frustration . Why is Estelle such a b **** ? Why is Ms. Havisham such an old hag ? Why is Pip so utterly slackjawed that he permits 20 years of idiocy to be perpetrated upon his stale English carcass ? Why , after all , does n't his benefactor take care of business , murder the lot , and turn this into something vaguely enjoyable ? Never mind the fact that Dickens could n't choose an end , he apparently could n't even choose a plot , wavering wildly between romance and mystery and the sort of English politics that Michael Palin would love to throw his pasty-white Anglo-Saxon hands about and throttle . Especially the politics . Do we really care about how an English attorney carries himself when we 're 15 years old ? Not bleeding likely . Powdered wigs and leg stockings sum up the bizarre nature of the staying power of this novel . It 's about time that High School English teachers stopped telling one another how * good * this book is , and read it themselves , without the Norton Critical Teacher 's Edition beside them . Especially when they have the advantage of alcoholic beverages .
 The kindle text is fine , but please be alerted that the link provided to get the free audiobook takes you to some japanese website that has nothing to do with Great Expectations that I could find .
 as for most of the `` adults '' who have read this book and think it is amazing , i can understand that they never had to read it . when you read a book like this and it is drilled into your head , and you have to go over every single detail , the book becomes a drag to read and looses all interest after the 2nd chapter . this book was difficult to understand , with the run-on sentences and plots that seemed to have no end . this book is way too long to be enjoyable in the way many people say . i do n't understand how someone can say this book was a thriller , it does n't even come close to being mysterious or scary . it does come together nicely at the end but that could 've happened much earlier in the book , this book seems like it never ends , and i 'm glad people are allowed to display their opinions about books weather they are positive or negative , it shows potential buyers how they may feel if they were to read the book . I would n't suggest this book to anyone unless you have a lot of time on your hands and are old enough to understand the whole thing . I thought this was a complete bore .
 I know this is a classics which is why I wanted to read it , but I just could n't get there . It just was n't for me
 This book is not the full version , despite the length . There 's no indication of this until you get inside the book .
 As an English teacher , I purchased the collection to use in my classroom . We had already started the novel when the cd 's came in . Because the cd 's were not marked according to chapter , it was difficult to find the starting point each time we used the cd 's . I would have liked to have chapters to correspond with the tracks for easy listening . On the up side , it was easier for the kids to follow along once we did find the spot , and the animated voices brought the story to life .
 My daughter had to read this for an extra credit assignment . It was brutal for me as much as it was for her , listening to her complain about how boring it was . If you like this type of classic writing you might enjoy it but for a 15 year old it didnt seem like the right book to get them interested in reading .
 I did not like this book . I was unable to finish it . It started off slow and there was nothing about it that was `` great . ''
 Well , I am reading this book in my english class at school , and it puts everybody to sleep ! First of all , if Estella hit me like she did pip , I would have hit her back !! All the women in this book seem like stuck up b **** es ! Even the movie was n't the best . I figured it would have made more sense than the book did , but I was wrong ! You can barely understand what they say ! Well , I just do n't like the book , or the movie . I think they were both stupid , and neither of them make sense !!
 I had to read this for honors freshman English , and now my AP English class is considering reading it again for whatever unGodly reason . In classical Dickens style , Chuck makes a good social commentary or stirs some good emotions , yet does it way too slowly . The plot speeds and dies down , goes somewhere sometimes and goes nowhere even faster more often , and brings up characters who have no real purpose . Dickens is accused of being `` wordy , '' and I see why
 I was forced to read this in school and despised it with a passion . I read it again recently , for some reason , and was surprised at how much I liked it . I guess the reason I did n't like the first time was because I was forced to read it ; it 's that ` Peace forced is tyranny ' mentality .
 I was assigned to read this book for my English class and I have never read a more stupendously boring book.It 's almost 500 pages long and has a story that could be told in half that.A poor , young orphan has aspirations to one day be a respectable gentleman.Big deal . GE is a revered book but it lacks everything that makes a book truly great.There is very little theme or characterisation and the plot is virtually non existant.THe chapters are so long and meandering you have to force yourself to read them.You keep reading waiting for something , anything to happen . The characters are unlikable.Pip comes across as a snob who thinks he 's he 's better then those around simply because he has higher aspirations then they do.Ms.Havisham , a recluse who wears her old wedding dress and keeps her decayed , untouched wedding cake , is a weird , unappealing freak.And Estella is the dictionary definition of bitchy . Why do English students have to suffer by being made read thisboring , incomprehensible , overrated ` novel ' . I 'd rather watch paint dry then read this book again . Still , any insomniacs looking for a cure.This book 's for you .
 i am sorry but this book was boring , in my opinion of course . i was forced to read it in english . this is one of those books that i had to physically sit myself down and force myself to read it . i did n't like a majority of this book and i 'm glad we are done reading it .
 I read this book for my Honors English class and it was terrible ! There were so many irrelevant things that were going on that I had to force myself to read 2 chapters a day . The test for Great Expectations was hard because no one could understand the plot . Just imagine a bunch of straight A students getting an average of 75 % on the test . This book is outdated , and old English seems as if it is an entire different language . I would give this a negative rating if I could .
 On my home planet of Mars , books that we do not enjoy , we refer to as lunch . We had `` Great Expectations '' before the matinee last week . The matinee was `` Smoky the Cowhorse . '' It was Martian Thanksgiving , so `` Awful -LRB- great -LRB- yeah right ! -RRB- -RRB- Expectations '' was a good choice , because it is so freakin ' long , and low in cholesterol . I am on a strictly bad classics diet . The Martian Major Leagues starts today , so I grilled a warthog.One of the reasons that I found this book -LRB- in terms of literature , not food -RRB- so disturbing is because the Martian term for a hemmohroid is a pip . In terms of food , it could have used a bit more seasoning , like a trip to Denmark . Of course , they did n't actually go to Denmark . If instead of being named `` Magwitch '' the convict had been called Bozo the Clown , and gave Pip balloon animals instead of money , I would have enjoyed the book much more.But , the thing that ticked me off the most -LRB- and Auntie , too ! -RRB- was the way that Dickens never ended his sentences
 I was required to read this book for english class and I must say it is by far the worst book I have ever read . I know that it is supposed to be a `` classic '' but I just found it dull and uninteresting and just could n't get into it . I would not recommend it .
 This book was a very big disappontmet . I thought this book could have had a couple minor plot changes . I also thought the way the main charictor , Pip , transfored through his expectations was shallow and padanthic . To conclude , I belive that the chapters are cycled like story line with many charictors and an entire chapter with Pip talking to himself and talking about his expectations . Thank you for reading my review .
 Wow , had to buy this for class . It was , by far , the worse story I have ever read . Why would they make you read this for school ?! Run away !
 I started reading this over a month ago and I 'm still not finished . I ca n't get into it at all ! It 's like a really boring nightmare ! I mean , the parts that take place at Satis House are mildly interesting , but no part of it seems to be building up to anything . The story moves so slowly that at times you 'd swear it was n't moving at all , and , to be sure , at times , it is n't ! It 's just sitting there in its stupid rocking chair knitting and petting its cat by the fire , which is n't even burning ! OMG!You want to read something fast paced and interesting?Try Daniel White 's Hellstone , available right here at amazon.com -LRB- plug -RRB- . Now that 's a good book . White 's influences span the ages , and do n't skip Victorian , if that 's what you 're into , which you obviously are , or why would you be here?Don ' t get me wrong . I like Victorian literature . A Christmas Carol is a very good story , as is Dracula , and Frankenstein , and most of Poe 's works . It 's just this particular book that I do n't like ... and anything by Jane Austen.In conclusion , buy Hellstone . You 'll be happy you did .
 I have been a great reader my entire life , having read and enjoyed many classics as well as the modern books of today , but never in my life have I had such a difficult time getting through a book . I usually fly through novels within a few days , but getting through this one is likened to going through a maze in the dark . I give it two stars because I do think the plot was interesting , but the execution was abominably horrible . I actually had to have a dictionary next to me in order to understand all the weird words Dickens used , words such as ` peppercorny ' and ` farinaceous . ' Now , I usually pride myself on having quite an excellent English vocabulary , but I felt utterly lost when trying to read this book . Some of the dialogue was completely unfathomable and pointless , and about a quarter of the time I did not have a clue as to what he were talking about . Many of the characters were annoying , Mr. Pumblechook for example . I cringed during the chapter when he saw Pip , after Pip had become a gentleman , and the stupid man kept saying `` May I ? May I ? '' Ugh . There was so much this book could have done with out ; the endless pointless descriptions , the useless minor characters , and the stupidity of some of them was unbearable . What I mean by that is Miss Havisham 's voluntary reclusive existence ; I mean , how can somebody live like that without going completely insane , just sitting in the dark day after day , wearing the same clothes , and throwing her life away for a man who was only after her money ? Stupid and lame that was , if mildly noble -LRB- her behavior -RRB- . I can not understand why Dickens is so praised as a writer . His plot may be good in this book , but it is terribly written . I have made two attempts in my life to read this book . The first time , I got about halfway through and had to stop because it was about as enjoyable as plucking my eyebrows . A few years later , the second attempt got me to about the 42nd chapter , but again , my interest fizzled out . I do not think I will ever finish this book , and would only advise reading it if you have trouble sleeping , because it will knock you out fast . As a final note , I could not get through Oliver Twist either . Again , a great plot , but poorly written .
 Reading GREAT EXPECTATIONS as a 14 year old high school student in 1967 helped me acquire a clearer understanding of the concept of infinity . Eternity could never be as long as this book , which I endured to its soporific , boring end . I recommend it to hold up the end of a busted sofa !
 I hate this book . It is extremely boring and it is way too long . There are too many characters to keep track of and many of them are extremely similar . Do not read this unless forced to . I like to read , but this nearly put me to sleep . avoid at all costs
 You guys should never read this book everCharles Dickens just goes on and on trying to make a point that you can do in a sentence . He takes the whole chapter . I do n't recomend this for anyone . Only read it if forced to . It is not a good book .
 I simply expected this book to be greater than it was . It just was n't great , and that 's what I expected . It did not greatly exceed my expectations , but I should have expected that , since others told me to expect a not-so-great book .
 I enjoy Dickens , so when I decided to read Great Expectations , I had just that ... Great expectations . Unfortunately , this novel is the most boring tripe I 've ever read . The ` hero ' is nothing but a whiner with a ` poor me ' complex.Don ' t waste your time , read one of Dickens ' other books .
 To start this book is so dry it could catch on fire . Also description in the book , ha there is none to be spoken of . This book has been called Charles Dickens greatest novel , not even close , save your time , and money for buying a better book .
 I had to read this book for my English class and at first it was so boring ! It about a young boy named Pip and he is trying to find his true indentity . At the end of the first phase he goes to London to become a `` gentleman '' because that is what his benefactor wants -LRB- Pip does n't know his benefactor -RRB- . At the end of the 2nd phase , he finds out who his benefactor is . Those two phases in the book are really boring , but I think it gets better in the end . If you read this book I suggest that you just start in the third phase because the rest is boring .
 Boring , pointless story of a pathetic imbecile whose life seems to be not much more than a bizarre journey through an insane asylum . I just ca n't believe that this story was preceded by `` A Tale of Two Cities '' , which is an absolute masterwork of a historical novel - I can not believe they were written by the same person !
 I along with the rest of my freshman honors english class was forced to read this book . It was BY FAR the worst book I 've ever had to read . I along with half of my class could read no more than one page of it without falling into a deep slumber . I 'm getting sleepy just thinking about it . Anyway , if someone does want to buy this book for some strange reason , I hope that they do not have Great Expectations for it , because they will be very disappointed at the end when their expectations are n't fulfilled !
 On my home planet of Mars , books that we do not enjoy , we refer to as lunch . We had `` Great Expectations '' before the matinee last week . The matinee was `` Smoky the Cowhorse . '' It was Martian Thanksgiving , so `` Awful -LRB- great -LRB- yeah right ! -RRB- -RRB- Expectations '' was a good choice , because it is so freakin ' long , and low in cholesterol . I am on a strictly bad classics diet . The Martian Major Leagues starts today , so I grilled a warthog.One of the reasons that I found this book -LRB- in terms of literature , not food -RRB- so disturbing is because the Martian term for a hemmohroid is a pip . In terms of food , it could have used a bit more seasoning , like a trip to Denmark . Of course , they did n't actually go to Denmark . If instead of being named `` Magwitch '' the convict had been called Bozo the Clown , and gave Pip balloon animals instead of money , I would have enjoyed the book much more.But , the thing that ticked me off the most -LRB- and Auntie , too ! -RRB- was the way that Dickens never ended his sentences
 Charles Dickens ... when the name comes to mind at first we think of a great author , but this absolutely pointless book disgraces his name . It brings me down to the point of feeling sory for the trees to which this book had to be printed . This book is entirely over-rated and just due to dicken 's reputation for great work , we 're supposed to just read the trash and nod our heads ? Absolutely not . This book might be interesting to someone chained to a palm tree on a deserted island but to the remaining other i would tell them to not waste their time by reading this book .
 Who really cares about a man that continually nods his head ? Who cares about a freak that has a decomposing wedding cake in her house ? Who cares about a maniacal convict who develops an unnaturally strong bond to a young boy with an obnoxious name ? But moreover what the hell was Charles Dickens thinking !?!
 The book was so stupid Pip should have just got a life and grow up . Like he really cared about Miss Havisham he only liked her for her money , and Estella . Besides if you ask me it was the dumbest book I have ever read I should ' t have ever wasted my time like that .
 I had to read this book for an English Honors class and I totally hated it ! This is the worst , yet ! I do n't understand why students have to read classics that people rarely understand ! I thought the book was pointless with nothing to look forward to while you 're reading . Many books have a strong structure and basis where you want to know what will happen next , which keeps you reading on . This story has no meaning and Charles Dickens is going no where with this . Not to mention the characters are just plaing weird . Where in the world did Dickens get a bizarre lady like Miss Havisham , who is practically ill in the head ? I would never recommend this book because it was boring , time consuming , and I can rarely consentrate on what I was reading . I 'm glad I got over reading this . I 'm sure the only people who read this book is the ones who are forced to , like myself . If I can give this book 's rating as a no star , I would . Too bad it only comes in 1-5 stars .
 TOO LONG , IT SUCKED !!
 i havent read it yet but it shows diskousting : -RRB- I hate this book and i hope my mates of aal < vasos > help me finisk it.Chill out
 this has got to be the worst book i have ever read . first off , for me , the storyline shure cured my insomnia . you will get bored from the first paragraph . his sentences are difficult to understand and very lengthy . my sugestion , borrow from the library before you consider buying this book .
 Charles Dickens and this book are very overrated . Charles Dickens does not make anysense in this book . Very confusing . The talks about the same subject forever . I skipped a whole chapter and he was still talking about the same thing . I give this book a minus 200 on a scale from 1-5 .
 Just think of all the trees cut down to make all the additions of this classicly boring novel . This ranks with Catch-22 and Huckleberry Fin as one of the worst novels yet published in the English language . Was there a plot ? No . Do n't kid yourself . The fool author made it up as he went along not caring if it made sense or if the characters had any meaning . I hate this novel with a passion so great it scares even me . I 'd like to see all copies burned . Okay , not really . That 's a little extreme . But , at least take this garbage out of school curriculums . Its ' making us stupid , making us believe Pip 's world is what the world really is . Pip if a fool that got dumped too many times and where 's the sex . Was Dickens scared of it . I believe that all great novels should have sex in them . It brings some humanity to them . Great Expectations is a fantasy on level with the Bible but worse , tragicly worse .
 Great Expectations was a mediocre book . I was not impressed . I had to read this book for my 9th grade honors English class . It was too long and boring . I see were Dickens was trying to go with the suspense , but it just made the book monotonous and boring . The uncanny coincidences just did not seem real . It 's ok to use a coincidence as a tool of suspense , but this was just overkill . Every chapter was boring . I got tired pretty quickly of pip wishing he were with Estella for the whole book . Also , the book seemed to stray away from the main point for chapters at a time . Who cares about Wemmick 's stupid plays ? This could all be summed up in a couple of page short story . In conclusion , this is another swing and a miss for Dickens . STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS BOOK ! If you want to read a good Dickens story , read `` A Christmas Carol '' and nothing else written by Charles Dickens .
 This book is a big waste of money . Besides being very expensive , most of the book covers other subjects other than XML , with little relevance to XML . Although there is some useful information on using XML with Java , there is way too much information on the Microsoft implementation of XML , -LRB- when the book actually gets around to mentioning XML -RRB- and the standardized W3 version of XML seems to be included as an afterthought . The reviewers who gave this book such a high rating probably did n't read the book very well , or are hired by the publisher . A much better book is the Liz Castro Quickstart guide to XML -LRB- for a fourth of the price of the Deitel ! -RRB- , although it is centered around the W3 's standard for XML , and does n't mention Microsoft 's implementation . Castro text , however , is more suited to learning from the ground up . The Deitel text is a disaster and I wish that I had just kept my money .
 I 've been programming for a few years and have a computer science degree.I 'd heard all the hype around XML and XML related technologies , and while looking for a book on the subject , stumbled upon the XML Training course.At the time there were no reviews for it so I took a chance.It seemed to good to be true . All of the XML stuff was included , plus lots of stuff I do n't need , like the first few chapters which cover HTML -LRB- this should have warned me -RRB- plus it includes a short primer on Java and some other stuff as well.Well , to make a long story short , I stopped reading it in the middle.It just seems to me that the authors just wanted to make a fast buck by getting out an XML book that tries to cover everything . The book is n't even all written by the authors !! In the acknowledgements , they list about 10 different people who contributed to various chapters!The book reads like a dry reference manual -LRB- that 's not even % 100 complete -RRB- with a lot of examples thrown in.The coverage is shallow and does n't go into any reasoning or teach you how to USE XML technologies , it only teaches you how to WRITE for XML technologies.The examples themselves are at the same level of `` hello world '' stuff.I guess I 'm `` spoiled '' from reading books like the O'Reilly series -LRB- most of them -RRB- or Thinking in Java.I 've read about 30 programming books over the past few years , and this one is the worst.I 'm sure you can learn more from better resources available freely on the web .
 I bought this text thinking it would compliment the E-business and E-commerce How to Program text -LRB- it was recommended that way -RRB- . However , it is really just a reconstituted version of the other text , which also falls short of its advertised use . Do n't waste your money !
 I recently took an XML class at my university , and Deitel 's `` XML How to Program '' was our textbook.I have to say , it 's one of my least-favorite XML books -- nay , one of my least-favorite * computer * books overall.Sure , it 's thick and heavy , something many geeks like in a book -LRB- myself included -RRB- . But within the covers are sometimes rambling discussions about a particular topic that leave you still wondering what you were supposed to learn , while other sections get cut short just when things are getting interesting.My biggest beef
 The book does n't show a user how to use the lang . in a real world environment . The examples in the book are to simple for the user to understand how to transfer the in to something a user can use .
 None other than W. T. Sherman headed an investigation that absolved Forrest . Too many of the events described in gross detail never happened according to the official accounts and in many of cases denied by the participants themselves . Simply another effort to malign the record of the greatest cavalry commander of the War of Northern Aggression .
 This book is listed in the incorrect section as it is pure fantasy !!!!!! I 've studied the Ft Pillow incedent for decades and have read accounts from both blue & gray witnesses and never saw anything realted to the so called atrocities mentioned in this piece of sensational fiction !!!!! What a joke !!!!!!! If you are wanting to learn some Tenn. history then save your money on this book . It is a laughable piece of work if it was n't for the fact that such nut cases as Glenn Beck have featured it in a segment on his conspiracy theory radio show and has passed it off as a legitimate book on history . More proof at why no one should take any of Beck 's reports seriously !!!!! Ronny MangrumFranklin , Tenn. .
 Historically this book is awful . Do n't waste your money . There are scores of factual errors in this book and inaccurate suppositions . This book should be more properly listed as historical fiction . The errors in here are too numerous to list.LM
 You can go broke trying to find a good book . Save your money on this one . This is not worth the money and if someone gives you the book and brings it to your door do n't waste your time reading it .
 Mr. Ward is listed on the book cover as a `` contributing editor '' and `` columnist '' for certain newspapers across the country . That is what this work represents . Mr. Ward 's comments , and they can only be interpretted as such , speak of opinion with a touch of history added to support only his opinions . I will not repeat the comments already made about the half-truths and untruths of this `` work '' . I have studied Forrest for the past 20 years and though I am a Southerner I have come to very different opinions than Mr. Ward . I just do n't have the temerity to publish those opinions as facts . What bothers me most about this work , besides the historical untruths , are Mr. Ward 's comments about Shelby Foote , a very recognized author and historian of the Memphis area . Were Mr. Foote alive to repute this comment , I believe his comment to Mr. Ward would be , `` if you were any part of a man , I would slap your face and force you to resent it '' .
 Far too biased with an agenda . Forrest who was praised by both Gen Sherman and Lee for his military prowess is dismmised as a country rube that got lucky in Battle . Sherman 's own report to Grant exonerates Forrest in Fort Pillow . . The entire tone of the work is so redolent with contempt for Forrest and the Confederacy it might have been written by Harriet Beecher Stowe.Ward goes on about Confederate prisons with no mention of the savagery of Union prisons , where the Union did have food and medicine and simply refused to provide it .
 Andrew Ward , author of River Run Red promises a thoroughly researched definitive account of the Fort Pillow Battle . The book fails to deliver that promise . The bibliography is impressive , but the author 's admitted obession with Nineteenth-century massacres drives the content ; not a careful analysis of historical inquiry . In short , River Run Red is composed of truths , half-truths , complete fabriations , and yellow journalism.From the initial chapters Ward 's literary skills predispose the reader to a myopically predetermined conclusion . N.B. Forrest 's mother was a tobacco chewing , ferocious , child-abuser . Ergo , Forrest had whipped his men into a killing frenzy before they reached the fort in April 1864 . During the secession crisis , Forrest 's compulsive gambling buddy , Governor Isham G. Harris , has thugs gurantee a positive vote in 1861 . According to Ward , only a miracle would have prevented a massacre.Errors begin with an endpaper map showing barracks and fortifications in the Mississippi River . In the first sentence of the `` Prologue '' the fort is described as `` crescent-shapped '' when it actually is a shallow `` W '' . No small error when one considers the tactical disadvantage the shape would be for Union defenders in 1864 . Ward describes a bust of Andrew Jackson in Memphis 's Court Square as larger than life-sise on his `` rearing horse on a stone pedastal . '' That statue exists , but not in Memphis , and no closer than New Orleans.The errors continue . The Confederate forces at Fort Donelson -LRB- February 1862 -RRB- are described as The Army of Tennessee which was not even organized until after the fall of Corinth in June . Cited sources often do not support the text , and the errors go on and on.River Run Red promises , but fails to deliver .
 Investigations into the `` Fort Pillow Massacre '' led by General William Sherman himself , determined that Forrest was not at fault and did not perpetrate any such `` massacre . '' In fact , Forrest was credited with stopping abuses . Congressional hearings in 1871 absolved General Forrest of atrocities committed by the KKK -LRB- he actually dissolved the KKK to stop outrages -RRB- . The `` massacre '' along with the `` Emancipation '' Proclamation -LRB- which actually freed no one at all -RRB- remain as the two greatest perpetrations of propaganda in the American Civil War , and are disproven by historical fact.The fact remains that , love him or hate him , Nathan Bedford Forrest was one of the most remarkable soldiers in American history . He rose from the ranks to Lieutenant-General , a commander whose tactics were studied for generations by the British Royal Army . It 's unfortunate that subsequent historians have demonized the heroes while elevating war criminals such as William Tecumseh Sherman . One star for bad research and the ongoing whitewashing of history to suit political correctness .
 `` River Run Red '' is a retelling of tired old lies.In 1871 a Congressional investigation cleared Nathan Bedford Forrest not only of his alleged involvement with the KKK but also reinvestigated the `` Ft. Pillow Massacre '' and found that were that while there was evidence that there were isolated incidents along the riverbank Forrest personally stopped them as soon as he arrived on-scene . If there was so much `` proof '' of a `` massacre '' why was Forrest not charged with a crime even after an in-depth Congressional investigation?Forrest took 39 United States Colored Troops -LRB- USCT -RRB- as prisoner and , according the Federal Official Records , also turned over the 14 most severely wounded USCT to the Acting Master of the U.S. Steamer Silver Cloud . These were hardly acts consistent with a `` massacre . `` Forrest was accused of ordering the burning of Union barracks with wounded Union soldiers inside . In the Federal Official Records Lieutenant Daniel Van Horn , Sixth U.S. Colored Heavy Artillery , reported , `` Lieutenant John D. Hill , Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery , was ordered outside the fort to burn some barracks , which he , with the assistance of a citizen who accompanied him , succeeded in effecting . `` Mr. Ward wrote that , `` When Union Gen. William H. Bradford 's soldiers , white and black , finally put up their hands , most , perhaps 400 or more , were cut down . `` Lieutenant Van Horn also reported that , `` There never was a surrender of the fort , both officers and men declaring they never would surrender or ask for quarter . `` Who would know better whether or not there was a surrender - an author with no reservations about lying or a Union officer who was an eyewitness participant writing his report only days after the fact?Since the author apparently could not find fundamental references commonly used by real historians - the Federal Official Records and the Congressional records - we must question how such a book could possibly be considered to be `` meticulously researched '' unless the author `` meticulously researched '' only those records which supported his position.During the War 45 Black men rode with Forrest as servants , teamsters , foragers , scouts , and even as his personal armed bodyguards . Convinced he would die in battle , the freed them in 1863 and ALL remained with him through the War and beyond.In 1875 Forrest gave a speech in Memphis to a Black political and social group . His speech included the following
 River Run Red ; The Fort Pillow Massacre in the American civil war is a book which at first promises much.While the book does provide some insight into the darkest chapter of our nations darkest hours it often neglects facts even those presented in it own earlier chapters.Fort Pillow was a riverside fortress garrisoned by African American Soldiers and Confederate deserters . It was occupied against the order of the union high command and was in no way ready for what it was too face . It is well known that it main purpose was too rob and terrorize the local populace . Wars in an attempt to exonerate the forts inhabitant dismisses the literally dozens of reports pertaining to these facts to be `` lies '' . A statement at odds with earlier accounts of the departments well know corruption . It is enough to make you wonder if this fellow read his own book . The Forts antagonists are the Confederate Calvary led by the controversial and vastly successful -LRB- at war -RRB- General Nathan Bedford Forrest.The most devoted and savage fighters in the Confederacy were described by there biggest enemy Union General Sherman as '' The Finest cavalry in the world '' . They are farm boys mostly from 18 to 25 . Incensed by attacks against the regions defenseless inhabitants they are in a lather by the time of the battle . The union commander is killed early in the attack and the defense degenerates form there . Ward second guessed the scaling of the forts walls stating had the artillery commander still been living he would have hurled grenades over the wall stopping the attackers . Firstly hundred of trained artillerymen were still alive at this moment if this were feasible it would have happened . Thus is just one of many conjecture ridden incidents in this book . Forrrests cavalry sadly murdered a large number of the forts defenders after they were beaten . However a quarter survived making fort pillow a massacre in name only . The book seems to be the work of a half read amateur bent on defaming Forrest rather than give all involved a fair and honest representation . Do not buy this book .
 This book is designed to alleviate the poverty of the author at the expense of children in classes with teachers who have absorbed her awful message . As a cultural anthropologist with 35 years of research experience in urban American , I can say without hesitation that this is not just over-simplified ; it is a set of racist stereotypes that have been adduced without any kind of systematic or acceptable evidence . She has made a fortune as a `` motivational speaker . '' She is no scholar , and her work can worsen the very problems she claims to be trying to solve .
 Do n't buy ... This is a spin off from another book but not worth the $ $ to get !!
 Do n't waste you time reading this hodge-podge of ill-digested psycho-bable or waste your money buying it . It will tell you nothing of interest or usefulness and it does n't understand the issues of class at all.And , what is worse , it is extremely poorly written .
 The one-star rating is for the Kindle product , not for Steiner 's writing.The Kindle product is not the 220-page text as advertised . It consists of 8 `` meditations '' and would probably total about 30 pages of a printed book . -LRB- Kindle does not show page breaks . -RRB- The printed book contains the 8 meditations -LRB- collectively titled `` The Road to Self-Knowledge '' -RRB- plus a number of other essays collectively titled `` The Threshold of the Spiritual World '' . If you want the complete text , you will have to get the printed book . Later editions of the book were printed under the titleA Way of Self-Knowledge
 This book covers the basics of the subject material however it is repleat with errors . Equations are sometimes incorrect -LRB- page 9 -RRB- . The author mixes tense in the same sentence . From an academic standpoint it is probably O.K. . It is obvious that the author has little practical -LRB- or field -RRB- experience . Considering the price I can not reccomend this book as there are many other titles that contain a better treatment of the subject matter .
 Steve Erlewine is the typical snobby Rolling Stone/Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fame critic.This book wo n't help you in any way ...
 my order should have beed delivered by the beginning of the year . I am still waiting for the book !!! Can somebody help me ?
 This review is in response to Mr. Bogdanov 's book , with the featured Amazon link to p. 557 concerning the song , Wipe Out : * Excerpt from page 557 '' ... and arrangement stolen by the Surfaris , who had a huge hit ... `` Unfortunately , this is suggestive , and thus misleading information concerning the song , written and recorded by the Surfaris in 1962 . The four members in the studio that December night were Ron Wilson , Pat Connolly , Jim Fuller and Bob Berryhill . This is a well-known fact , legally proven beyond any doubt . Anyone claiming that the Surfaris stole Wipe Out from them is sadly disillusioned . Check out this article written for the Wall Street Journal by staff writer , Phil Kuntz to read the story behind Wipe Out and the Surfaris at
 Have n't read the book , but will . He spoke on WSW tonight and made good plain sense , without hype .
 This is probably ideal as a reference source for a graduate student or professor who knows stochastics very well already.However , if you are a novice trying to learn about stochastics and want good explanations and examples with an appropriate buildup , I would not recommend the book.As an example , the review discussion of probability in the first four chapters did n't even come close to comparing with the probability book I used in another class . If you are near a bookstore , you can easily verify this . I imagine that this comparison -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- would hold for many other probability textbooks . Also , if presentation makes a difference to you , this is quite minimalist.Another area that I found lacking is that the answers in the back just provide a numerical answer without any explanation to how solutions were arrived at . While this is often the case for other books , the author did not provide a sufficient base for a novice to work the problems . As a result , most of the end of chapter problems were of little use in helping me better learn the materials . A good workbook or better explanations would be very helpful.While there are certainly couple areas that I found worthwhile and this does appear to be one of the only books on this niche area -LRB- the lack of competition may explain a lot of why the shortcomings exist and why this does n't have the feel of real textbook -RRB- , this first edition book needs some serious work to make it truly effective and user friendly .
 I assume that people interested in audio versions of O'Brian 's novels have already read the books . So , listening to a read version is a supplementary pleasure that can follow a great read . My rating here has nothing to do with the literary quality of the work in question . The whole Aubrey-Maturin series is superb . But if you want to listen to them I recommend that you stay away from any of them read by Simon Vance . He is unable to sufficiently differentiate the characters , with their diverse accents from around the world . For example , Maturin grew up in Ireland , and should therefore have a bit of an Irish accent . Vance ca n't do it , but rather offers stuffy readings that makes Jack sound like a bombastic jerk , and Stephen like a mincing prig . And in his hands , Diana sounds like a silly simpering ninny . An actor , not just a reader is required . I highly recommend Patrick Tull , who recorded the entire series with consistent success and enthusiasm , as well as John Lee , who unfortunately only recorded the first 6 volumes .
 I have read many of the Aubrey/Maturin books by Patrick O'Brian . I must say , this is by far the weakest . NOTHING HAPPENS ! The first part of the book has Aubrey and Maturin wandering around , mostly at Aubrey 's home . They natter on about the land , politics , a little nature , and Aubrey 's responsibilities as the member of parliament for the area . Once they get out to sea , they are on duty patroling outside Brest , to keep French ships from going in or out . Apparently none do . The admiral hates Aubrey , because he voted agains the admiral 's nephew in a parliamentary vote about how to use land . The only action in the entire book is Aubrey and his ship going after a &#34; prize , &#34; which promptly gives up without a fight . Throughout the book , Aubrey worries about what will happen if war ends , and he is retired , nominally as an admiral , but with no command . This is what is called being a yellow admiral , and it is considered quite a disgrace . It gets quite boring . Really , there is absolutely no action in the entire book . I wish I had n't wasted my time reading it . There was no pleasure and no entertainment value whatsoever .
 I am an absolute devotee of Patrick O'Brian 's Aubrey-Maturin series . I have read all of them at least three times each . But `` The Yellow Admiral '' appalled me . I was certain within fifty pages that it had been written by someone else who had picked up all of O'brian 's turns of phrase , but none of his wit or heart . I wrote an indignant letter to the publisher demanding my money back , but then never sent it . It 's embarrassing to admit how passionately I feel about this - I mean , it 's only a book , right ? But this book was so poorly done it would have been funny had I not been so eagerly awaiting it . Diana 's pronouncements on sex ! and Sophie 's transformation to a shrew ! Sir Joseph 's tortured explanations re
 There is an awful lot of recycling going on in this book . The research is still prodigious , but I suspect at this point O'Brian has the topography and culture of early 19th Century Europe so much a part of him that he is now on automatic pilot . Well , he 's entitled at this point . As usual , situations and characters are introduced , then never heard from or of again . Maturin 's naivete is a more than a bit tiresome at this point . Nonetheless , I look forward to the next one and see how Jack deals with Napoleon .
 This last in the series was obviously thrown together . I believe that O'Brian said he was not going to write any more than 21 ... this is an afterthought . The story is erratic and themes are left un-solved . Apart from that , for afficiandos its worth picking up .
 While a more than adequate insight into everyday life in the England of George III , this book serves the uninitiated reader of O'Brian 's work poorly . Nothing much takes place during the story , and what little as does , takes place offstage , as it were . Characters and events are introduced that lead no where and serve no purpose other than to fill the page . While the real world is often like that , works of art are not the real world , and novels are not documentaries . I was grossly disappointed in this book , as I had read such wonderful things about this series , and I will give O'Brian another chance , but I did not find any charcters other than Aubrey and Maturin to be given any definition , and their characters were more described than shown . Reading The Yellow Admiral -LRB- a pretentious title providing no insight into the plot nor encouragement to the reader -RRB- was not a pleasant experience .
 Sheed lost me near the beginning of the book , when he defined sanity as `` seeing things the way the Church does . '' The entire book is an explanation of how the Church sees things - a kindly explanation , to be sure , but backed by the assumption that the reader needs to understand and accept these explanations to be `` sane . `` Add a little temporal power , change the name of the institution to `` the Soviet Union , '' and you have the recipe for a story like Alexandr Solzhenitsyn 's `` Cancer Ward , '' in which anyone who dissents is automatically assumed insane with dire consequences.I kept returning to the book , because the prior reviews speak so highly of it and because I am interested in both sanity and theology -LRB- I almost wonder whether I read the same book -RRB- . But the author repelled me , despite his friendly tone ; he assumes that Catholics have nothing to learn from other religions , and he states that in spite of the large number of corrupt popes , the Church has never taught anything false . I wonder what he would make of John Paul II 's apologies to the Jewish people.This is kindly authoritarian Catholicism
 I bought a copy of this on the strength of the other reviews , and was rather disappointed . I found the presentation at times unclear , as in the presentation of the unit circle definition of trig functions
 Mechtilde 's perspective is different from that of other Christian mystics , in that she was a Beguine , and entered the convent at a much later age than Gertrude.The work can be hard to follow , the style hard to grasp , but it is a worthy academic challenge .
 This is a terrible book with a terrible message
 Not well organized and uninspired . Any seasoned home cook will know these tips and tricks . Based on the reviews of praise I felt mislead . I would not recommend this book to any serious home cook .
 Based on the other reviews , I 'd expected something really special . There 's nothing wrong with the recipes and techniques in this book , but I learned nothing new . I already keep frozen mushrooms , herbs , onions , and peppers on hand . And the recipes for using those ingredients were fine , but again - nothing new . This would be a fine cookbook for a person who is just learning to freeze , or whose repetoire needs expanding . For the experienced cook - NOTHING NEW .
 i ordered five of these for my grandkids because I saw an 8 '' x 10.5 '' book and the contents are great - it looked wonderful ! BUT , when they arrived I was very disappointed to see the ones shipped are only 51/4 '' x 61/2 '' ! The print is so small that me and my husband both have to strain to read it , and I KNOW no children are going to have any interest in reading this either . The pictures are of course tiny also , so if it is being read to them , they wo n't be able to see much of those either . It is hard to explain how much difference this reduced size makes ! The website does not show the size of the book . Who makes childrens books in what must be about a size 6 font ? I feel like I wasted my money.For heavens sake put the size on your books !
 I would not recommend this product . The stories are great , the illustrations are nice , the type is obnoxiously small . It must be 8 or 10 pt . 12 is a minimum for comfort , 14 better . This is a scam . For type this small , it should have been in the product details . Now I have to deal with returning it .
 My daughters started at an Episcopal school this year . This was the required Bible for 1st grade . I saw the title , the author and ordered it . I wish I would have read the reviews then I would have learned it came in two sizes and Amazon does n't carry the larger one , atleast not that I have found . I put my daughters name in it so that she could take it to school -LRB- so now I ca n't return it -RRB- and on the first day is when I realized the book came in two sizes and , of course , all the other children have the larger one . sigh . So I come back to Amazon , read the reviews I should have read the first time around and I really have to agree that the print is just too small for a small child and too small for her 40-something mother to read . It is full of color pictures , quality paper , binding , etc. . But not a book that should have been printed in this size in the first place .
 While the illustrations are beautiful , I need a magnifying glass to see them . I had planned to use this book in my Children 's Church class but the pictures are too small for a group to see . Even with glasses , I need a magnifyer to read the book .
 The original , much larger version of this Bible is excellent . However , this printing is way smaller . The text is so small it 's barely readable . My 8 year old who is used to the other version started crying and needs a magnifying glass to read the text.Get the original , much larger version if you can .
 Do n't buy this size , here 's a link to the larger size of this book so you can actually read the text : Children 's Illustrated BibleFor some reason , when searching by title , Amazon does n't pull the larger version of this book , only this mini-version . As many other reviewers have said , it 's small . I do n't think this is a book that should HAVE a mini-version . Just get the larger one , OK ?!? : -RRB-
 Please believe the other reviews that say this version of this book is too small . Product dimensions say 6.8 '' x 6.8 '' but the copy I received is 5.5 '' wide by 6.7 '' . The type is much too small to read comfortably . The content - when viewed with a magnifying glass - seems like some of the best I 've seen and I 've looked at quite a few children 's Bibles recently . It simplifies the language of the Bible without speaking down to its younger audience . I 'll be seeking out a larger version .
 Saw this book in Barnes and Nobles . It was a larger book , looked great - nice pictures , easy to read -LRB- large print -RRB- . Used an amazon app on my phone to scan the bar code and compare the price to amazon . Amazon was much cheaper , so ordered it from Amazon . It was the same book , except half the size -LRB- a miniature version -RRB- . The small version is practically unreadable , unless you want to get a headache or use a magnifying glass . Not sure how amazon confused the two books since I scanned the bar code with the amazon app . Will be returning this .
 I was not able to read the small print , I was wanting to read the book to the grand kids and help teach them to read
 WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!! I had no idea that this book was a pocket edition that is UNREADABLE . I wish I had read through all the reviews before I purchased this item . The book is tiny and the font size is ridiculous.I would return it but would cost me more to return than to just throw it in the bin.Really disappointed with this seller not informing buyers more clearly . Obviously a lot of people have the same opinion as me and would like AMAZON TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT if they can so others are n't ripped off !!!! I have used the larger book for quite a while and it is an excellent book that you can actually read unlike this one .
 This Bible is much smaller than I expected , and the print is so small that you almost need a magnifying glass to read it . A young reader would lose interest quickly because of the print size . Next time when I order I will be sure to check the dimensions.This book would not sell in a book store , as a potential buyer would walk away if they could see the size and format . The pictures are nice , tho small.I bought this for my grandson for Christmas , but I was too embarrassed to give it to him .
 This is a comment on the new `` compact '' edition of Selina Hastings ' Children 's Illustrated Bible . I have used the original , full-sized edition with older kids for many years . It 's been especially useful in helping older children who have had little exposure to church or Bible do some learning before they are baptized.Recently I ordered 4 copies of the compact edition . It turns out that the type is so small as to be almost unreadable , even for children . The body copy is printed in 7 point type -- smaller than phone book text type . The type in the notes under the illustrations and photos is 5 point . This tiny typeface will discourage most children from reading , especially those that are not eager readers to begin with . It will also make it hard for parents to read with their children.I returned the copies I ordered.Rev . Susan Grant RosenCharlestown , New Hampshire
 With the price , I naturally assumed this book would be a typical size hard back book however it is just slightly larger than a pocket size . The print is ridiculously small and I have perfect eye sight . Not at all pleased with this purchase .
 I have the original book and ordered another copy for my second child . This new edition is more than half smaller than the original one , and each page is simply shrunk down . UNREADABLE !!!! The font is so small , a child does not want to read it , and an adult ca n't . I am returning this edition .
 Although the text is wonderful , the print is so small that a child can not read it . Actually , it 's difficult for adults as well . There is a larger book , ` The Children 's Illustrated Bible ' that is sooo much better . However , on Amazon , I could NOT exchange this book . Buyer beware .
 Children 's Bibles are probably the genre of books I read the most critically and carefully . These books of stories can greatly enhance our children 's grasp of Biblical truth and build a frame in their minds for future Biblical learning to be added onto , or they can cause lasting damage through misrepresenting , undermining , or falsely teaching what the Bible is about . I had casually flipped through The Children 's Illustrated Bible in stores and liked the realistic illustrations and informative sidebars with archeological , geological , and historical information and photographs . I was looking forward to a chance to review it , hoping that my opinions would remain positive after a closer inspection.Unfortunately , this was not the case . I read every word on every page of this 309 page book . I put a sticky tab with notes on each page I had questions/issues with . There were a LOT of notes sticking out of this book when I was done.What first drew me to this book were the realistic and detailed illustrations . While this was a strength with some stories , with others it was a definite draw-back . For example , while it is true that Adam and Eve were going `` au natural '' in the garden , I would prefer them to be a little more covered when my young preschooler reads her story Bible ! Nor , do I want her to see a painting , classic or not , of baby Jesus being circumcised . And I most definitely do n't want her to study and ponder a picture of Daniel in the lions ' den , where the den has been accurately portrayed filled with human skulls , bones , and blood dripping down the rocks and off of the lion 's teeth . There are also disturbing pictures of soldiers carrying out Herod 's orders to kill the male children after Jesus was born -LRB- soldiers with bloody swords and mothers begging for mercy with babies huddled in their arms -RRB- , and of a servant carrying John the Baptist 's head , mostly covered by a bloody cloth , on a platter to Salome.I do appreciate accurate illustrations , but TMI !! My daughter would be afraid of some of the pictures in this book ! -LSB- Admittedly , these gory pictures might be a draw to older boys ... -RSB- : -RRB- As I mentioned , another aspect of this book that I initially appreciated were the sidebars full of extra scientific / archeological / historical information and photographs . Sometimes these things were very interesting and informative - I liked seeing photos of natural items that would have been used to dye garments like Joseph 's coat , typical foods eaten by the Egyptians , and traditional house structures from Nazareth.At times , however , it appeared that the team of people contributing to this book clearly did not hold the Bible to be literally true . For instance , it is suggested that the Israelites crossed through a `` marshy swamp '' rather than miraculously through a sea -LRB- although the illustration shows them walking through the parted sea -RRB- , and I was outraged at the `` explanation '' that manna may have been sweet liquid which seeps from the hammada shrub . -LRB- Really ? Feeding thousands of people for 40 years with sap ? This just ignores the clear description the Bible gives of what manna looked like . -RRB- There were many little details like these that I found heretical and could seriously undermine a child 's faith in what the Bible says.Another real danger in paraphrased , abbreviated sections of the Bible in books like these is that any biases held by the authors and editors are included in the text as they `` retell '' the stories.For instance , we are told that God rejected Cain 's offering because it was not the best of his produce - as we have discussed in the past , we just do n't know that for sure . In addition , God 's conversation with Cain in Genesis 3:7 is phrased as , `` Why are you angry ? ... you will succeed if you work hard ; and if you do not , the sin will be yours . '' This completely changes the issue . The problem was not that Cain was n't working hard!In the story of Abraham and Isaac on Mount Moriah , the angel stops Abraham and says , `` You have proved your perfect love of God by your willingness to sacrifice even your child . '' Again , as we have discussed , that is NOT the point.Where the author and editors ' biases are most apparent , however , are in the life and parables of Jesus . In a two-page summary of Jesus ' life and ministry , the text reads , `` The death of Jesus is important to Christians because they believe that , in dying , he was showing God 's love for all people . For this reason the cross became the main symbol of Christianity . Christians believe , however , that death did not put an end to Jesus , but that his spirit lives on , especially through his followers . '' -LRB- 207 -RRB- Notice the complete lack of mention of sin , need for forgiveness , etc - and how His bodily resurrection is ignored!Each parable begins with an `` explanation , '' which often misses the point and emphasize `` good living . '' For example - Lazarus and the rich man was `` a story to warn people about God 's judgment of the selfish . '' The Pharisee who prayed in public for show and the Tax Collector who humbly beseeched God for mercy in private were `` to show how important it is not to be conceited or to look down on others . `` The letters of Paul , also , are summarized with an emphasis on being good rather than on salvation through Christ and resulting deeds which flow out of a changed heart . `` If you follow Jesus , you will find that you can overcome your worst instincts ... There is no earthly law to make you into a good person , but if you obey the laws of Jesus , you will not only do what is right , but also find true happiness and peace . '' -LRB- 307 -RRB- Perhaps this seems like I am being nitpicky . But parents , if there is ever a time to be picky about books , it is when a book is seeking to represent God 's Word and ways to our children . Read with a critical eye . Be cautious ! And teach them the actual words that the BIBLE says - not just a paraphrased summary!My husband had a great idea . He suggested that I keep this Bible , highlight all the problem areas with a bright highlighter , and use it when our children are older and able to think critically . When they get to a highlighted section , it will be a time for us to read carefully , pull out our Bibles and carefully compare , and teach them to think and use the Bible as the ultimate standard of what is True . Maybe we 'll make it a game called `` spot the heresy . '' ; -RRB-
 I ordered this book because of the positive reviews and the `` fits in a child 's hand size '' comments . What no one else mentioned is that the typeface is commensurately small -- so small that it is a strain to my 42 year old eyes . By bedtime with my 2 and 6 year olds , I 'll be so tired I likely wo n't be able to read the type . It is about the size of the small font used in paperback Penguins from the UK -- about a 6-point on my computer 's Times New Roman , where a 12 point TNR is the norm for letters . If you have strong eyes , the book is lovely , and it is an easily held size . The illustrations , contrary to somewhat lackluster reviews by some readers , were lovely . I plan to return the small version and will order the full size .
 If you are thinking of purchasing this bible , spend the extra money and purchase the larger book . This one is a nice personal size but the print is so small it is hard to read . I bought it for my granddaughter who told me it hurt her eyes to read it .
 It 's hard to rate this book , because it does some things very well and other things not well at all . Our kids certainly like it more than the one we read when they were toddlers . But I recommend waiting until they are 6 or 7 until you start this one . Almost every story has some part that I do n't want to explain to my 3 year old . As an example , do a Google search for the painting `` The Deluge '' by Gustave Dore . This painting is part of the page on the Great Flood . At what age do you want to explain to your kids about David and Bathsheba , Jacob Rachel and Leah , drawings of Herod 's men killing babies , and the stoning of Stephen ? When you are ready , this is a good book . Be ready.The second criticism is about how the stories are told . I ca n't quite describe it , but it 's like the language is more removed from the action . It 's a modern translation , but very stiff and formal . I consider it more formal than the NIV Bible that I normally read . It it trying to prepare kids for the King James version?On a positive note , my kids really do prefer this Bible to the one that we used before . Maybe it 's because the drawings are more realistic . It uses many classic paintings that have stood the test of time . It also mixes in photographs of things that have n't changed in centuries , like using a donkey to carry heavy loads , or ancient roads.I think of this more of an encyclopedia of Bible facts , rather than a children 's Bible . There 's something about it that just does n't speak to me that way other Bibles do .
 We purchased this book for our granddaughter , which is 10 years old . the print is way to small for a young reader . The book measures 51/2 x 63/4 . There is no way we can recommend this book . Very disapointed
 The Bible is great but I had to return due to the size . It is not clear how very small it is . I had to return and then look elsewhere to buy the larger version
 The size of the Bible was not advertised with the product . I thought I was purchasing a larger size like the customer showed me she wanted . I did get permission to return them to the seller .
 My children love the content but I ca n't let them read the book for too long.Double the size of the font and print it in a larger format would be better .
 I ordered this book based on one I had seen , 8 '' x 101/4 '' , but the volume that arrived was a minature , ~ 5 '' x ~ 6.5 '' . What a surprise ! This book had print so small that I needed a magnifing glass in addition to my reading glasses to see the print . I was stunned with this minature version , the dimensions of which were never disclosed in the discription -- a terible disappointment . I am at a loss to understand why the publisher published this volume in an unacceptable size . My purchase was returned .
 The printing is very very tiny . Less than 8 pt . Hard to read . Certainly not for children . I was very disappointed .
 This edition was a fraction of the size of my own copy . It is not suitable to enjoy/share with others . It never occured to me to check the size of the hardback copy . Plan to return it and always look at size when ordering on line .
 The content and illustrations are wonderful , so it is a shame that they printed it in such a small size . The large amount of text and the small font make reading it laborious and that completely defeats the purpose , does n't it ? A larger size would have made all of the different and made this a perfect Bible for children !
 I bought this book for my 8 yearold grandson and did not even give it to him . The book appears to be miniaturized . The print is so tiny that many people would not be able to read it without magnifying glasses ! It is not appropriate for children given this tiny print . The pictures are well done and it would have been a perfect gift if the print were not so small .
 I expected a lot more from a DK book . I 'm glad other people where able to read the book to find errors and likes . I could not . this book is way toooooo small to read . Children are used to larger print books -LRB- ME TOO -RRB- . I am very disappointed in my purchase . I now see that the size is listed , but when I went into the `` LOOK INSIDE '' part on your site I could read it fine . This book is of no help to me.Update . I went to DK site and found that there is a bigger version of this book . I contacted Amazon and they found it and have exchanged the smaller book for the larger edition . It is very nice . Filled with information about and around the Holy Land . Thank you .
 Let me first say that my son has this Bible in the normal size version . I thought I would order one from here to give as a gift for my nephew . Like most here , I thought I was buying the larger version of this book . I had no idea it was 1/4 the size . There is way too much text -LRB- thus a very small font -RRB- to make this wonderful Bible to be of any use . I had to return it .
 The book was beautiful - but I was expecting to be able to actually read it - it has minute font size . My son saw it and loved it immediately - maybe because it is small and he loves the pictures - but the print is REALLY small & uncomfortable for me to read to him .
 First , this Bible is nicely illustrated with age-appropriate stories throughout . It follows the chronology of the Scriptures and like someone else pointed out , does n't `` dumb down '' the stories . In appearance , this is a very good book , which is why I bought it in the first place.That said , once you begin reading it , the `` emperors clothes '' begin to show . The author uses phrases like `` In Jesus time , people believed ... '' as if this is something no longer believed . In every story , almost without exception , subtle phrases cast a shadow of doubt on the Bible as the Word of God . The hints and suggestions would lead you to believe that the Bible is just a collection of old stories and tales from the past and has no relevance for us today.For this , I give this book a minimal rating . If you 're trying to teach your kids to love the Bible , you 're better off giving them a real Bible and taking time to lead them through a study of Scripture . Avoid this bit of subtly undermining literature and spend your money elsewhere .
 I ordered this book and was disappointed in the confusing layout of the pages . It was cluttered with many side bars . This makes it difficult for young readers to gather information on a page . The print is too tiny . You need a magnifier !
 I saw this bible at a bookstore , but did n't buy it because it was less expensive on Amazon . I did n't realize that this bible was miniature compared to the full sized bible at the bookstore . Granted , I should have looked at the dimentions of the book before purchasing , but I think the size was misleading to the purchaser on the website . I would not purchase this book again , and will probably return this one . Very disappointed .
 The book covers J2EE 1.3 security with hello-world level security examples beyond I find nothing but an introductory Java Security API guide . The chapters also lack details on when and where you should use these APIs . I bought this book before ` Core Security Patterns ' by Christopher Steel that is much more helpful and example driven than this book .
 This book is titled wrong and absolute mess . This books claims coverage on building robust J2EE security - But unfortunately it lacks and missing a lot of J2EE security features . Particularly There is no discussion on how to adopt role based security , propogating security at all tiers , JAX-RPC and EJB Endpoint security and so on . This book only offers a very basic level of securing a J2EE application beyond that YOU WILL BE BORED TO TEARS .
 If you are an architect who really serious about building security to your J2EE applications , then this book would offer only a hello world to security . All you find is a full-blownup security chapter from Sun J2EE tutorial beyond that nothing more . More importantly this book is completely disorganized ... meaning that this book discusses on J2EE component security on chapters 3,4,5 and the basic Java platform security on chapters 7 , 8 , 9 . It looks like the author discussing about the security foundation after constructing the components ... sounds funny . To the most disappointment , there is no chapter to show how to put-to-gether all these APIs in a real world J2EE application -LRB- as they claim in the title -RRB- . Why should I read the book if it is repeating the API examples from the Java site . The chapter on Web services security is a Joke , shows the authors lack of understanding on Web services security fundamentals.This book is nothing but a theoretical junk with no proof . After browsing all the pages , I do n't find anything which show how to build a working security architecture . The word security is abused and does ` nt make sense for this title .
 I bought this book because it was required reading for a college course . I am an avid reader and have read many difficult texts , but this book was very poorly written and hard to wade my way through . The basic concept of the book is that Webster believes that critical thinking should be taught in schools . If this is a required book for you , just take that concept and run , because when you read the book you many not get that . Webster spends too much time talking about details of his personal options that are difficult to pull together in a understandable way.My advise do n't buy it if you do n't have to .
 I downloaded and read this article . It took me more time to buy it than to read it and after doing it I found that the $ 5.95 I spent some of the worst money wastes I 've ever done.The article is shallow and did not not add anything to my understanding of Maslow 's brilliant theory about the Hierarchy of needs.Amazing that amazon sells this article for that price .
 Upfront disclosure
 If , like me , however , you found Moneyball intriguing and insightful , you will probably hate this book . For some reason , Buzz Bissinger feels that his insider scoop descriptions of Tony LaRussa need to be coupled with this weird defense of the `` old-school '' and a puerile attack on Michael Lewis ' Moneyball and sabermetrician statheads in general -- as if the statheads did n't love the game or something . This makes little sense , as you have to ask
 First question
 This could have been such a wonderful book . The prose was elegant , the story was intense and everything came together well.Except for the fact Buzz Bissinger has a vendetta against sabermetrics and sabermetricians . The attacks on the book `` Moneyball '' and the flipant remarks attacking others -LRB- like me -RRB- who love the game was sickening.I would avoid this book and look elsewhere for that `` summer classic . ''
 This lifelong Cardinals fan managed to get through the book , but it 's hard to imagine any non Cardinals fan who is not a speed reader doing the same.Though I am not an obsessive baseball fan -LRB- have n't seen a game even on TV for nearly 20 years -RRB- , the in-game stategies Bissinger details are nothing surprising ; in context , anyone , experienced or not , would seem likely to come up with them . Readers will learning virtually nothing here.To give Bissinger a break , it seems he agreed and perhaps signed a contract to write this book without realizing there would not be anything to say.Bissinger does not deserve a break for his criticisms of Lewis ' `` Moneyball , '' however . -LRB- The hardback edition of `` 3 Nights , '' perhaps , is not so strongly positioned against that far better book , but the paperback I read contains an afterword devoted entirely to trashing Lewis ' book without -LRB- a -RRB- any understanding of it , -LRB- b -RRB- apparently , a rereading of it , and -LRB- c -RRB- any evidence whatsoever to butress Bissinger 's `` ya got ta have heart '' position.Likewise , Bissinger deserves no break for the horribly bad , lazy prose here . Examples
 For all of the hype and attention this book received , this has to be one of the most disappointing baseball books I have ever read . I read this book hoping to gain a deeper understanding of the inner workings of managerial strategy than a fan usually has ; instead I was treated to excessive fawning over simplistic ideas and well as a lack of understanding of baseball and its ' statistics . The author italicizes the phrase `` hit and run '' as if it were a copy writ invention of Tony LaRussa . He acts amazed at the idea that managers and pitching coaches actually plot out pitching matchups in advance -LSB- and refers to that plan as the Thing of Beauty -LRB- his caps , not mine -RRB- ad nauseum -RSB- . He describes a curveball that does n't break as going from `` a killer 12 to 6 morphing into a very mortal 12 to 3 '' when what he is trying to say is that it flattens out in the center of the plate . He quotes the statistical line of pitcher Garrett Stephenson from 2000 and 2001 to show how off of a year he is having when anyone can see that the only significant change is his won-loss record , which is more of an indication of run support from teammates . He tries to prove that Albert Pujols has the best start of a career of `` any player in the history of the game '' by comparing his early career stats to those of Barry Bonds and Alex Rodriguez , as if they are the two best players in the history of the game , and as if that would in turn mean that they had the best two year start of any players . . He refers to the video room operator as the Cardinals `` secret weapon '' , as if they are the only team to do this . He calls Rich Ankiel a `` once in a millennium '' lefthander , which not only would make him the best lefthander in the history of baseball but also as likely to remain so for the next 900 years . He describes an early August game between the Cardinals and Cubs -LRB- who are about tied for first place -RRB- as one that `` the Cards can not lose if they want to remain in the division race '' . I could go on and on but the basic idea is that one gets the impression that Bissinger just DOES NOT KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT BASEBALL . In addition , he has an atrocious writing style , with overstated metaphors and similes on almost every page . I would recommend this book for masochists who enjoy having their blood pressure shoot through the roof , as well as to any immediate family members of the author who would be so proud as to render them oblivious to the books ' faults .
 I was able to get through this book because -LRB- a -RRB- I hate starting something and not finishing it and -LRB- b -RRB- I love baseball.Bissinger often trumpets his own book as a primary counterpoint to `` Moneyball . '' Moneyball , Michael Lewis ' bestselling book , hailed the approach of A 's General Manager Billy Beane and is synonymous with the recent trend of baseball `` statheads '' of emphasizing statistical analysis and de-emphasizing traditional methods , such as in-person scouting and stealing bases . While Moneyball was quite deferential to Beane , the book was very smartly written , and if one has read any of Lewis ' books , Moneyball fits along the theme of Lewis ' preference to profile individuals who have thought outside of the box to get results.In a way , Bissinger 's book is the `` anti-Moneyball '' in the sense that it is anti-intelligent . The book is not particularly well written ; Bissinger has an interesting yet distracting way of trying to come up with original similes and metaphors that usually come off as less than artful . Just off the top of my head , I remember one example , paraphrased
 I enjoy reading books about sports because of several reasons . First , I think it is a difficult genre to write effectively in without falling into play by play that is often difficult to translate into interesting narrative . Second , I 'm often interested in the dynamic of team players and managers to see what breeds success . I picked up this book because I was interested to read about LaRussa and the success he 's enjoyed.However , several paragraphs in the preface turned me off so much that I could not continue reading the book and would n't recommend it to any thirtysomething . This is the term used to downplay any success a thirtysomething could have . According to the author , there is no way the thirtysomething could have passion for the game , or know the history , or even care about it . Despite the author 's obvious success with Friday Night Lights , he feels compelled to disparage Moneyball , a book I am familiar with , but have not read.If you think I 've said thirtysomething enough times , I 'm getting close to how many times he used it in the preface . Thirtysomethings have seen strike shortened seasons , watched the World Series canceled not because of a World War , but because grown men could n't agree on what 's best for baseball , seen arguably the best player ever bet on his sport , seen players pine tar , juice up , and rub baseballs with finger files so is it any wonder a thirtysomething may be a little skeptical of anyone 's passion or commitment to the game?I may pick up the book again , omitting the preface , but as some reviews have mentioned , it seems the diatribe continues . What is the motivation ? Who cares ? Not this thritysomething .
 If you believe that Tony LaRussa invented baseball , this is the book for you . Otherwise you will find Buzz Bissinger 's take on baseball 's most overrated manager to be a trite piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- . A detailed description of Tony LaRussa and the Cardinals going through a 3 game series with the Cubs in 2003 is the focus of the book . The author attempts to show two things . First , how great Tony LaRussa is and secondly how complex managing a baseball game is . The author succeds on the first point as he fawns completly over his subject . On the second point , he fails greatly.Bissinger details each and every managerial decision that LaRussa makes as if he is building a space shuttle by himself . Baseball fans completely understand the decisions that LaRussa -LRB- and Dusty Baker -RRB- are making in real time and do not need them dumbed down for them as Bissinger does in this book.However , that is not the worst part of the book . Bissinger goes out of his way to knock anyone using statistical analysis -LRB- read the Moneyball crowd -RRB- to evaluate players while praising LaRussa for be able to utilize statistics . The reader is left to belive that Bissinger did not understand this paradox because he does not understand the game of baseball particulary well.The book also includes a significant amount of complaining about the money that the players of today are making for their efforts . This is amusing since LaRussa is among the top compensated managers in the game . Based on the fact that Super Manager LaRussa is 5-12 is World Series games and 1-3 in the World Series -LRB- In each series his team was a significant to prohibitive favorite . -RRB- , Bissinger 's arrows about being overpaid are shot at the wrong target.If you are a baseball fan who wants to learn something about the game , there are plenty of GOOD to GREAT books out there . Three Nights in August is not of them .
 I love Tony LaRussa , as I 'm an A 's fan . However , Bissinger has an agenda with this book . He wants it to be the anti Moneyball . He does n't believe in the philisophy of using statistics to judge performance and make decisions . He has said this , and attacked Michael Lewis ' Moneyball without offering any kind of decent rebuttal . He goes on some rant that humans are n't machines and that the human element is important . Yes , every person is different `` Buzz , '' and statistics are just a way of quantifying those differences . 4 postseason appearances for the A 's and a world series title for the Red Sox bear out the success of sabermetrics . It 's here to say , despite the fact that stubborn baseball people hate it because it destroys so much of their outmoded and inefficient ideas and strategies .
 With the words ` natural foods ' heading the title , I expected to find whole foods , vegetarian dishes , and low fat recipes . I did not . This cook book is exactly like every mainstream American cookbook I have encountered , it is full of meat recipes . Only 12 recipes made it into the vegetable section . In addition , there are ingredients called for such as ` canned mushrooms ' , ` packaged onion soup mix ' and ` undiluted cream of mushroom soup ' . One sauce recipe for a meat dish , called for a half pound of butter ! I am not what I consider to be a health nut , but this book fell far short of my expectations.I could not find a publication date , so I am assuming that this book was written before there was clear health information on eating whole , low fat , foods .
 Sent book as an Xmas gift . Book was purchased in NEW condition , however , there was a large crease in the front cover . This is nit what I would call new . Would have bought a used book for less if I had know they would ship a book in poor condition . Xmas was a month ago . Two email complaints have already been sent without response . Do not recommend this company !!!
 Is my mistake that I trusted the reviews ? That , on itself , is not a mistake . It is a mistake however not knowing what type of book you 're reading that has been rated so highly . It 's like watching a movie . If a horror movie gets 5 stars you should not expect to see an Oscar-worthy or a Fellini film , right ? So the question here is , what type of book is this?This is a book about a religious group of Midwestern whose lives seems a little bit too simple , where everybody is either great , beautiful and smart ... or bad , insensitive and awful . Life is just not like that . Characters are shallow , there are not complexities and there is certainly not much of a plot.The main character is a basketball coach . A man . The author might know something about hoops but believe me , she does not have any idea how any men I 've been around in 35 years -LRB- me being one of them -RRB- thinks or speaks . Her descriptions of him , the way he speaks , etc. are wishful views from a woman or completely stereotypical -LRB- e.g. drinking beer after or before anything -RRB- . Even worse , in my humble opinion , the author intends to convey through the characters what is right and what is wrong . Black or white . And all associated with God . God and the religious message is everywhere -LRB- the main character looks for his faith - or lack thereof - during the whole book -RRB- and seems to be , in the context of this book at least , the solution for everything . Writing about God , religion or religious people can be done well and interestingly , making it ... literature ; this book looks like religious propaganda , at least to me anyway.And I am also truly surprised to see the author constantly writing the important lines in bold -LRB- you do n't need to do that if you write well ! -RRB- and there is plenty , but plenty of clich&eacute; lines . Even cheesy to be honest and more precise.Now again , my mistake was not knowing what type of book I was buying . If you are a religious and simple person -LRB- a truly blessing I would honestly say ! - and not punch intended -RRB- and see life in very small range of grays you might enjoy this book . Otherwise I can bet you , you will not . Regardless , happy readings !
 I 've been reading nearly constantly since I was 5 years old and am now 50 , so I feel I have some basis of comparison for books I read . It seems I 'll be in the minority in the reviews of this book but I found it difficult to read , quite easy to put down -LRB- though I determinedly slogged through it -RRB- , with characters who were maddening and an ending that was , as others have noted , a disappointment . The writing - turns of phrase and so forth - however , showed real skill and I think Ms. Hunter will someday write a very good book . This just was n't it.If the other reviewers have been truthful and this book gets them reading others , than a public service has been done and thanks to Ms. Hunter for helping create new readers .
 Nicole Hunter 's book , Waiting for the World to End , is a unique mix of several genres which is sure to catch on . The style of this book took great creativity and I applaud her effort ; however , this was not one of my favorite books . The characters in the book are simple and a bit dull . I had trouble feeling emotions towards the characters and the predicaments in which they found themselves . Some of the situations in this book were fairly predictable making it a boring read . I could have easily put the book down half way through and never given it a second thought . The entire time I was reading I was waiting for something to happen in the book to make it worth my time . That something never came . I was excited that the author chose to use the Indiana Dunes as a setting in her book and I do believe that to be a good decision on her part . I frequently visit the dunes and I was extremely disappointed with her description of a place that means so much to me . The Dunes are so beautiful and peaceful , I really would have liked their description to be more accurate and over all just a lot better . I have no doubt that Nicole Hunter 's future books will be better and I will read them . This first book however , needs much improvement before being considered an average good book .
 I must admit I was not very interested in the book . I thought the author made Tom out to be this disgusting pig , who went for a married woman . I do have my dislikes about this book , but I did have a favorite part of the book and that was the ending . Waiting for the World to End just was n't a book that I would tell someone else to read because it was boring and did n't really make me want to turn the page . I could have actually put the book down and not worry about what happened at the end . I look at this book as a really bad soap on television .
 This book contains many problems that we face in the world today , and I thought this wouuld be a great book because it relates to our lives . I enjoyed the beginning of the book , but then it just began repeating itself over a span of about 250 pages . The sad thing about the book , is that after spending your time reading it , the end leaves you with exactly what you began the book with . NOTHING . There were really no deep twists in the book , since everything was so predictable . Every person has someone they want to be with , wheter its a fantasy or for true love , and thats how the book started . As expected , 250 pages later , the couple has the opportunity to get together , and leaves us with nothing . Some may like this , but I found it to be a waste of my time . I see Olsen as a stalker who could end up in jail . He is a bsketball coach with one player of his , who is also his student in english , whose mother he is attracted to , who he thinks of as his own . He had the opportunity to have a child , and chose not to , so now he finds a kid who is n't even his own and `` loves '' him , I believe , just to get to his mother . I do not see why Ben does n't notice this , and even after that , Ben goes to Tucson College , and Olsen `` happens '' to get a job there as well . In the end , Olsen and Mary have a chance to get together , but after reading the whole novel we are left with nothing but our imagination .
 `` Waiting for the World to End '' starts slow but soon turns captivating . I was a little disappointed in how Ms. Hunter chose to end the book . Other than the ending , it was a good book and I recommend it for reading . Ms. Hunter uses great sensory details and her descriptions are outstanding .
 I had neutral feelings torwards this book . I did n't hate it , but I didnt like it . I thought the book was rather boring and was hard for me to get into . I did like how the story was easy to understand and follow . I do like that about books . I did not like how the book ended . In all the book was n't bad but it was not my kind of book I would chose to read .
 The writer 's much tortured syntax made me nauseous !!! It 's worse than George W. Bush 's . I could not finish reading the book because of the bad writing .
 WHEN I READ A BOOK I DO NOT CHOOSE TO KEEP TRYING TO USE MY IMAGINATION I PREFER THE AUTHOR TO TAKE ME SOMEWHERE AND I DID NOT FEEL MUCH FOR THIS BOOK
 The dialogue in this novel is as stilted and ridiculous as its characters . Here 's the premise
 I realize I am in the minority here . The reason I purchased the book was because of all the excellent reviews , and perhaps my disappointment is due to unrealistic expectations . While I think the writing in the book is pretty good , and I like the use of quotes from other works , the characters are not well developed , and the story just kind of ambles along . I personally dislike stories that amble if the characters are not likeable , and I found the characters to be either unlikeable or one-dimensional . The reader is asked to empathize with Olsen , yet the tragedy that shaped his personality is given about 3 pages . Olsen in the present is selfish , and at best introspective , and I am just struggling with relating or even really caring what happens to him . The same goes for Mary . I do n't think she really even gets much dialogue in the book , she seems more like a caricature and yet somehow we are supposed to believe this guy is so in love with her , he can barely function for a few years . The Mcormick character is so obviously a foreshadowing for Olsen in the future , it does n't even seem clever . The story seems like it is aiming to be true to real life , yet the characters and their emotions seem completely contrived . I am going to finish the book , and hold out hope that the author 's next work lives up to the hype .
 This book is like watching a bad lifetime movie . The author , Nicole Hunter , does not do a very good job of writing a believable male lead character . The main character , Tom Olsen , is a lonely middle aged basketball coach with nothing to do but wallow in his own pitty and fantasize about one of his students ' mother . He makes remarks that only men in sappy movies make . If you do n't understand what I am trying to say read the book , however , I do n't recommend buying it . Pick it up at your local library . It should n't take longer than 20 minutes to get the gist .
 This feels like a book-length article from a pulp crime magazine like `` True Detective '' or `` Crime Story Monthly . '' It 's curiously bloodless -LRB- figuratively & stylistically -RRB- and lurches along without highlighting the flashy stuff . It 's almost a complete misfire -- if you want to know about Legs Diamond , read something else -LRB- William Kennedy 's fictionalized version , for instance -RRB- .
 If you 're looking for a reasonably truthful account of the flamboyant criminal career of Jack `` Legs '' Diamond , my advice would be to skip this book . Sam Curzon , the author , creates characters -LRB- such as the nurse , Mary Bogan , with whom Legs supposedly had an affair -RRB- who simply never existed , and the dialogue contained in these pages is questionable at best . Certain names , dates and places are factual , but in my view this book contains an unacceptable amount of misinformation , far too much for any serious student of the Gangster Era .
 This book is fairly typical of the mid 1990s . The Clintons were in the White House and the establishment was obsessed with racism . They could find racism under every rock and around every corner - and books about racism , especially in the deep South , stood a good chance of publication regardless of their other merits or lack thereof . The author , Jim Schutze , specialized in `` racial '' exposes and won awards from leftist organization for finding racism - he could find it in places where others might fail to spot it.In this book , Schutze maintains that a white `` racist '' jury in a city in Alabama convicted Betty Wilson of hiring someone to kill her wealthy husband in order to get his life insurance - worth millions . Another , heavily black jury in another Alabama city acquitted her twin sister after hearing basically similar evidence . Schutze 's conclusion
 A few months ago , I saw this case on `` 48 Hours . '' It interested me because I had knowledge about this situation that was not in the program , so I bought the book . Not surprisingly , Schultze is even more biased in the book than he was on the program.Betty
 Schutze has no clue as to what happened or how . He has been swayed . There is a new book coming in mid 2004 , it tells who , what , when , how and why . You just might be suprised !
 Just in case you think any of what this writer said is real , I 'll bet you that most of it was lies.Yes , Jack was murdered . Yes , the sisters were tried . The only injustice , however , is that Peggy was n't found guilty.You see , the lovely thing about tv shows and books is that they can skew reality into whatever they want them to say . They do n't always show what REALLY happened.You wan na know what REALLY happened with Jack , Peggy , James , and Betty ? Why do n't you read through The Huntsville Times for the past 10 years ? I 'll bet you did n't know that Betty Wilson had actually plotted to have Jack murdered at least once before.Yes , James is a liar , but who knows ? He could 've actually been telling the truth.I actually know one of the people who was a witness in the trial . I knew the victim -LRB- he was my family 's eye doctor -RRB- . I know what went on , and this book is an all-out lie .
 This is not a replica of the original . It is just the text , extracted from a scan by OCR . It has been re-set in a small , modern font to fit on as few pages as possible . It does not include the `` Fifty Fine Copperplate Diagrams '' that were in the original.The OCR has many errors that were uncorrected , for example
 Although I am a fan of Mr Cornwall and have read almost all his books and own the entire Sharpe Series , I did not enjoy this book . Cornwall is one of my favorite authors but I was disapointed . Instead of the normal two three or more battles in a Sharpe book , there was one . The battle although good was not spectacular , I have read better in books by CS Forester , Dewey Lambdin , and Alexander Kent . Too much of the book was devoted to Sharpe 's romance with a high born lady . The book in general was just not up to Cornwall 's usual excellant standards . In conclusion I say boo .
 Sad to say Cornwell is losing his touch . He 's still trying to get as much money out of the `` Sharpe '' character as possible . To do this , he puts Sharpe in just about every battle of the Napoleanic Wars . If you 've read the previous Sharpe books , or watched the films , you 'll be disappointed with this book . There are even some rumors that Sharpe will see action at New Orleans in 1815 -LRB- Sharpe 's ` Gator -RRB- which is a MAJOR stretch . What next Mr. Cornwell ; Sharpe Goes to the Alamo ? If you MUST read this one , check it out at your local library , but I do n't recommend buying it .
 Dungan 's recent publication continues to be simply torn to pieces in peer-reviews in scholarly journals , and for good reason . Dungan 's poor and - worse - manipulative use of sources , his sweeping statements lacking justification , and his obvious ignorance of the canonization process -LRB- ignoring both Zahn and Harnak -RRB- is very concerning . More concerning is that Dungan is a good writer ... he easily makes you think that you are reading history , not a fictionalized interpretation with leaping , sweeping conclusions . Trained historians will be dismayed , but others might be duped . For example , the development of a concept of a defined canon , church traditions , hierarchies of leadership , etc. , seem to have been created -LRB- imposed -RRB- simply in medias res as part of Constantine 's ` program ' following the Edict of Milan -LRB- is he confusing Constantine with Theodosius ? Is he unaware that Constantine had a co-Emperor ? Quite astonishing how something could just change overnight , as Dungan promotes -RRB- . If you beleive Dungan 's tones and insinuations , you might get the impression that Constantine built a Christian basilica right in the forum and made himself the Bishop of Rome.Don ' t waste your time and money . I did , and I now give selections of it to my students as an example of `` how not to write an essay in history class . ''
 The book boasts Intermediate - Advanced users , yet it 's full of such basic operations as recording a macro , naming a macro . It 's loaded with screen shots instead of useful sample , advanced programs . Basically , if you just run the recorder and note the code , you 'll get the same thing that Mr. Hart provides us . The free MS-supplied VBA help file is much more useful .
 Would you like to use VBA to copy and paste ? This book wo n't help .
 If you want to read about what war in the 20th Century was really like , do not read this book . This book is war-lite , an attempt by a novelist of limited means to create an unrealistic hero who is never wrong in his decisions . Readers of this novel will be edified in no way
 If you are in a position in the military where you are forced to read this book and you wonder why you find it boring when so many others love it , you may rest assured that it truly is boring . I slugged it out to page 137 in the 938 page hardcover version and I give up . I can not stand to hear another word from that corny character named Raebyrne . Here are the problems with this book . The dialog is insipid . The character development is shallow , much like the science fiction genre . There is not much action . It is a pokey , slow moving book that offers little else except perhaps a depiction of military life and action that is accurate enough to please those who have been there . I have not been in the military , but I have enjoyed many books on military history that are far more stimulating than this novel . If you love this book , fine . If you do n't love this book , you are not alone .
 Courtney Massengale is a douchebag , Sam Damon is the hero . Got it all . In one sentence . Not about a thousand pages or so . Bleah . Damon also takes too much crap from Massengale , ca n't police his zipper and does n't kick his cheatin ' wife Tommy to the curb . Mind-numbingly dull and long for a saintly martyr of a hero who could be improved . If you 're picking this off a professional development reading list , pick Starship Troopers instead -LRB- it 's shorter , actually entertaining and more informative -RRB- .
 No offense to anyone that loves this book , but I just could n't get through it . The corny dialogue and cliched descriptive passages make the book seem as if it is aimed at boys between the ages of 10 and 14 . Also , I was annoyed that every female character in this book is completely one-dimensional .
 It 's strange that an anti-war book has no advocates outside of the military , but plenty within it . This book is a period piece , when liberals like the author had a residual respect for the military left over from World War II , but wanted to distinguish that war from Vietnam . So the author wrote this book positing a `` good soldier '' against a `` bad soldier . '' The book received all sorts of acclaim , but the Left moved on to its current hatred of all soldiers and this book soon became forgotten , justifiably so.But it came back through an unlikely source . The US Marine Corps has a reading list containing books which its personnel are expected to read . Most of these works are useful and well written . This one is not.Neither the good soldier nor the bad soldier are the least bit credible . The good Sam Damon comes across like some sort of comic book hero while the evil Courtney Massengale is Darth Vader in khaki . Massengale is , of course , like the villain in all too many pulp novels by unimaginative writers , a repressed homosexual who tortured squirrels as a youngster . One admires the authors restraint in failing to give Massengale a mustache to twirl.For the first part of the overly long book , the plot meanders along innocently enough . Then Damon spends time with the Chinese Communists . The storyline goes that his career went off the tracks at that time . I do n't know about that - he does , after all , get promoted to general - but the book certainly leaps the rails.Forget that the Communists spent more time trying to undermine the Chinese effort against the Japanese invasion than combat Japan . This book has a lot more serious problems than that . The author would have you believe that a general whose entire career was spent as a staff officer could suddenly become a corps commander in charge of an invasion -LRB- do n't use Eisenhower as a counterexample
 Perhaps , all the rave reviews and hype were bound to be too great for the actual book to live up . If that were the case , I would leave it right there.The author , Anton Myrer , overreaches in both scope and time . His begins from just prior to WWI to the advisory period of the Vietnam War . This four decade span is too much for Myrer to cover in this one tome , leaving out the Korean War and many of America 's `` little wars '' while concentrating on the dreary , poverty-stricken inter-war years of the '20s and '30s . While making a good facsimile for Army life of that time period and certainly exposing the rank -LRB- using all meanings of this word -RRB- politics of peacetime service.The real problems with this book have to deal with the `` so-called '' lessons that I see military officers believe are afforded by this book . They would like the future leaders of our military to read this book and learn its lessons . And what lessons would that be?Would it be the lesson that most military marriages are failures ? Would it be the lesson that the hero , Sam Damon , a.k.a. the `` Night Clerk , '' would as a mustang and an idealist lose out in almost every career turn to the West Point Protection Association and one of it 's perfumed peacocks ? Or do they prefer the almost ludicrous and cliche-ridden dialog of the Khotiane protagonist whose sophistic comparisons of his fight to be the one on par with our Founding Fathers and Lincoln 's Union would seem to have an affinity with the hero ? As it certainly does with the author.I say every citizen who has to register for Selective Service or contemplates enlistment , should be required to read this book . To familiarize themselves with those types of men who would send them into combat and risk their lives in doing so . To see the reality of the best they could expect and , more importantly , the worst they can expect of those who would lead them .
 You will be disappointed . This book was written by an Harvard graduate . He never made it very high in rank as a Marine etiher and it leads one to naturally question his viewpoint , since he never had to command anything larger than a fire-team . So , if you think you 're getting good insight into the real nature of leadership , forget about it . If you want to know what life is like in the military , read `` Brave Men '' by Ernie Pyle . It 's a book with real stories about real people in the Army . Or , read `` Band of Brothers '' by Stephen Ambrose . There 's so much more in those books than this book . I do n't see why everyone lauds `` Once an Eagle '' after all , it is an absolute fiction . It 's military mythology . It 's a comic book without pictures . Sam Damon is too good to be true , almost comically - which is why it becomes ridiculous fiction - he 's a Dudley Do-Right to the Army 's Officer Corps . Meanwhile , the book 's Snidley Whiplash , Courtney Massingale , is busy being a busy body , hobknobing with the senior ranks to get ahead . True , you see this in the military , but people are much more mean and nasty over even more mundane and petty things than getting ahead in the ranks . It 's what a Harvard grad thougt a good leader should be
 Our neighbor across the street has a little girl with downs syndrome and my daugther who is 4 has started to notice that she is different from her . I wanted to get her a book that showed someone with downs syndrome doing real things so that I could use it as an example . Unfortuntately the pictures are so far away that you do n't really get to see Russ . It would have been better if there were some closer photographs .
 I bought this book during a search for books about mindfulness meditation and living a mindful life and that is not what this book is about . It describes 10 steps to emotional prosperity . I am always looking for new perspectives , so even though it was n't on the topic I thought I started to read it anyway . The language is so difficult - highly abstract and intellectualized - that I stopped after the second chapter.Maybe it 's for you , but it sure was n't for me .
 One would tend to think that , by now , every subject of intellectual or cultural appeal would have already been fully deconstructed -LRB- or otherwise posmodernized -RRB- given the academic supranimerary of English Studies faculty with nothing better to do . If I had to pick a subject obscure enough to have escaped the onslaught up till the end of last century I might have ventured
 Alexander Shuglin 's PIHKAL is a great purchase for any fan/admirer of this brilliant organic chemist and pharmacologist , but I feel readers are giving this work more credit that it deserves . I find it fascinating that Shulgin has synthesized so many psychoactive derivatives of phenylethylamines and he has without question laid the groundwork for future research into these compounds , however , this can be assertained from any of his scientific papers he has published throughout his career.This book does not provide insight to how pyschedelic phenylethylamines work on the brain and serotonin receptors and how they change/alter our conciousness . This is the chemistry that is vital to our understanding of these drugs . While he does touch on certain topics regarding functional groups and their positions in relation to pyschoactivity it would have been nice to see him elaborate further . The synthesises in the second half of the book would not be of any use to anyone who has not taken several years of organic chemistry along with years of lab experience.I also found that a majority of the pyschological and philosophical discussions wrapped within the trip reports to be of no use to educating the reader on the inner workings of our mind and conciousness and may even confuse them . There are aspects of both Eastern idealogy and Western philosophy in the discussions , but they seemed to be misinterpted and leave the reader feeling as if nothing was accomplished mentally and spirtually . The MDMA experiences mentioned were the only ones I felt that gave some insight and expressed its capablity as a theraputic tool.Shulgin was probably one of most influentual chemists/pharmocologists of the 20th century and an amazing human being , yet I feel PIHKAL falls short in providing the reader with enough knowledge of psychedelics . I thought Straussman 's ` DMT
 Only people who already use psychedelics could actually like this book . The first parts -LRB- the story parts -RRB- are horribly written . Dr. Shulgin sees fit to add the line , `` And he 's a good friend to this day '' after he introduces anyone . Ann Shulgin 's part is no better . The part where she describes her first use of Peyote is so contrived she might as well have lifted the dailogue from a 50 's propoganda film . The story they tell could be interesting if they could actually write , but sadly they ca n't . Each chapter , a chemical is picked , and they write the story about it . Sometimes , Dr. Shulgin even describes its effects . This is so obviously some fan service for the users who read it , because the effects sound in no way enticing . If you 're looking for an entertaing read , look elsewhere . If you 're looking to learn about psychedelics , look elsewhere . The final part of the book , the recipe collection is quite useless unless you 're a chemist who knows how to get those compounds and make them . Do n't let anyone say different , he does n't teach you how to trip off of the nutmeg in your kitchen . If you already do psychedelics , this book will just reinforce all that you believe . This book would 've been better if Dr and Ann Shulgin could write , and if they were n't so dogged in trying to convince that psychedelics are good for us .
 The only useful part of this book is the catalogue of chemical syntheses in the second half of the book . It is important to have this information documented and available , either in a single volume like this book or scattered through the scientific literature . Whether buying this book for the collection of synthesis is worth it to you is entirely up to you.That being said , I must say that I find this book almost entirely useless and pointless . Yes , I like knowing how to synthesize these substances -LRB- and I suspect that I 'm in a minority when it comes to those who 've read this book in that I understand the syntheses -RRB- . I also want to know how these drugs work . How are they metabolized ? What receptors do they bind to ? PIHKAL offers none of that information . There is no useful biochemical information in this book . I think monoamine oxidase is simply mentioned once.I find this book very disappointing because Shulgin 's scientific papers are excellent and this book offers almost no insight into psychedelic drugs . The first and second parts of the book are n't linked together in an interesting way . The collection of syntheses in the second part is just that
 This book is long ! Even though half of it is chemical breakdowns of almost every type of drug . Not bad but very long winded towards the end , found myself flipping just to interesting parts . Was hoping for some insight into DMT but found nothing . I guess this is good for your basement chemist but not to good for any insights into the expansion of the mind .
 This book is useless.Sony 's 3000 series PSP can not be hacked to do what author writes about.This book was good in its day ... now it 's just something to put in the fireplace as obsolete / worthless .
 An overview of the Napoleonic Wars , looking at the various national armies involved , how they worked and how they changed over the period . A title like `` The * Art * of Warfare '' makes me expect more about strategy and tactics , psychology and out-thinking the other guys -LRB- or lots of sprawling battlefield paintings and jacques-Louis David portraits -RRB- , but it turns out that 's not what this book is about . Instead , it 's mostly about organization , comparing numbers of battalions per regiment , regiments per demi-brigade , etc. , over time and between armies ; also logistics , staff , artillery weight , medical corps , and suchlike . The information is good for people want to find that sort of thing , I learned new things -- but it was n't what I 'd been hoping for going in.The bigger downside -- look , I know some things really bug me that would never bother the average reader . But the spelling -LRB- ca n't decide between British and American English -RRB- , the grammar , and especially the punctuation are so bad that the sheer work involved in reading really lessens the experience.The content is good for what it is , but between the wretched editing and my disappointment over the subject I just can not get excited about it .
 This is hands down the worst book I 've read in I do n't know how long . Considering the interesting subject matter , it should have been a hard book to put down . I do n't understand how anyone could write so much about so little . It goes on and on and on and on about what she is thinking , it 's so repetitive that a few pages later you get to read about the same or similar thoughts for a few more pages . Dialogue between characters is rare and there are huge gaps that leave out much needed information to get the gist of Malinalli . So disappointed , like I said before , with the subject she chose to write about this should have been chock full of historical information and adventure , instead it spends it time trying to make you sympathize with this women who sold her whole people out to the Spaniards . Like she was this before her time feminist , against human sacrifice , new agey chica . How can the author know this ? Esquivel takes a lot of leaps in this one , so many that maybe she should n't have even used the Malinche name , but wrote it on a completely made up person . Surely there must be a better novel out there on this subject .
 Like several others , I really enjoyed `` Like Water For Chocolate . '' I was looking forward to another book by Laura Esquivel , and this story seemed interesting - I knew nothing about the character of Malinche.Malinche -LRB- or Dona Marina as she also known -RRB- was a slave who became a translator for Hernan Cortez during his conquest of Mexico and the Aztecs . It is believed she betrayed her own people because of this , and she has become villanized . This book is supposed to protray another version of her , a bit more understanding of why she did what she did.There is n't much really known about Malinche , other than legend , so Ms. Esquivel could have taken a lot of poetic license . In some ways , I believe she did , but I do n't feel she went far enough to develop the characters . I never really knew who Malinche was . I was not familar with her culture or the system of the society in which she lived . Perhaps , because Laura Esquivel writes to a mostly Mexican audience , she believes people already have that background ? But I 'm not Mexican , and I do n't have the background . I got the Spanish were evil and bloodthirsty - but were ALL of them like that ? It also seems the Aztecs were the same way . So , everyone , everywhere was filled with bloodlust?Laura Esquivel goes into a LOT of detail about the religious culture of whatever background Malinche was . The reader is constantly bombarded with the Native names -LRB- which are difficult to pronounce - I tried ! -RRB- , and going on and on and on and on and on - ad nauseum - about the snake goddess and the overall god and this god and that goddess . If I wanted to read a book about Native American religions of Mexico , I would have borrowed a book from the library , or enrolled in a class ! It seems this is the main focus of the book , and not the story of Malinche!Unlike the flowing language and magic realism of `` Like Water For Chocolate , '' this book struggles to find itself and it never quite does . It is dull and tedious and shallow . Perhaps it reads better in Spanish ? Well , in English it is such a disappointment .
 Pienso que no es lo mismo leer el libro a que te lo cuenten ... . Las narraciones son claras , pero pasar 5 horas sentado escuchando una historia , no es agradable.Mejor comprense el libro !
 After reading Like Water for Chocolate , I excitedly anticipated Laura Esquivel 's new novel . I hope it was a poor translation , because otherwise , her editor should look for a new job .
 There is nothing worse than an author who tries to re-write history for the sake of entertainment . Laura falls into the same politically correct category of historians who paint Cortes as a gold hungry murderer . Although it 's true there were many conquistadores who sold indians into slavery and exploited , Cortes was not one of them . His enemies stationed in Cuba , jealous of his conquest and imagining him to be hoarding ` all that gold ' to himself , would start up rumors about him and send them via letters to Charles V back in spain . But eventually the rumors were rectified . The friar and soldiers who traveled with him , who wrote down the actual accounts in journals and who were first hand witnesses , all agree that he was a hero risking his very flesh to end the evil of hummingbird wizard 's bloody holocaust and bring christianity into the lives of the Aztecs . Under the Aztec rule of terror , tens of thousands of human sacrificies that lasted for days were performed on a regular basis depending on the feast day . At one point , Cortes knew that his fellowmates would be tempted to leave on the ships they came inon so he burned them and told his soldiers to march forward . He was badly outnumbered and beaten down and hungry since Montezuma had cut off food supply to the spaniards . these were not the actions of somebody who was gold hungry . Cortes was determined to stop the horror . Later on after the fall of Hummingbird Wizard -LRB- the man who was really the power beind the throne -RRB- and Montezuma , Cortes traveled south to catch up with a rebel and he foolishly left mexico city under the rule of 4 governers , all who disliked him . They started their rule of abuse . The indians started associating this with all spaniards until Isabel of Spain sent more support and more friars . The friars , who the Indians loved and respected for their vow to poverty and their indifference to gold , were sometimes martyred and abused by the money hungry rebels of the spanish crown . Laura 's book never goes into any of that . What a disservice to the reader.Also recommended
 Like many reviewers here , I admired and enjoyed `` Like Water for Chocolate '' and was intrigued by the concept of this book ; therefore I was unpleasantly surprised to find myself slogging through one of the worst novels I have ever read . By the end , I was actually angry and felt ripped off by the publisher , who should never have put this thing in print!Vague , self-contradictory , confusing , and generally inarticulate , `` Malinche '' reads like an early draft that needs to go through many , many revisions to be publishable . I 'm afraid the translater ca n't be blamed for all that 's wrong with this mess .
 Interested as I am in the subject matter , I was very disappointed in this book . It would be better labeled `` Meditations of Malinche , '' as the book is overly heavy in giving us the interior thoughts of this historical figure . And these hemorrhage in rhetorical questions . What I most missed was that the novel failed to make the larger than life characters and events of this period of Mexican history come alive in three , palpitating dimensions . The language often turns lyrical , poetic , symbolical and/or abstract , removing me from the events narrated instead of immersing me in them .
 I ca n't believe this book was written by the same author as Like Water For Chocolate . That book was brilliant . This one starts off promising but soon falls flat on its face .
 This book is best described as insipid and a waste of time . Very disappointing for a ` historical account ' . Worst book I 've read in over a year .
 Actually , there are any number of curses one could associate with dona Marina , la Malinche . In the present instance -- Laura Esquivel 's novel about Cortes ' remarkable translator -- it is `` The Sentimental Pudding Curse , '' by which fictionalized accounts of La Malinche have been reduced to mediocrity or worse for over 100 years . I should be grateful that we have this version of the Curse , not the uglier `` Wicked Harlot Traitor Curse '' in which Malinche is burdened with just about every nasty character trait imaginable . Still , this is historical fiction at its most unseamly
 I was very disappointed in this book and frankly never got past page 50 . I rated the book 2 stars instead of one because the real story of La Malinche is a fascinating one and at least Esquivel ATTEMPTED to popularize it . But the writing is awful . I read `` Like Water for Chocolate '' and I recall that it flowed alot better and the storytelling was more believeable . But `` Malinche '' just is badly written.For one thing , there is an absence of historical context that would make the tale more compelling ; the bloodthirsty gold-seeking Spaniards , the innocent subjugated peasant , and the brutal Mexica theocracy -- all are portrayed without any depth . Yawn . Also , the narration in `` Malinche '' is as though written by a sixth grader . An omnipotent narrator should be able to convey what 's in the character 's head without spelling it out as though the reader were an idiot . Here 's the sentence that made me slam the book shut and give up for good
 As a Californian and lover of cultural and natural history , I was excited to find this book . `` Finally , '' I thought , `` Some historical fiction about the early days of California . And he includes a native viewpoint , excellent ! '' Then I started to read it and read passages like the following , from page 23
 I read this book because I lived in North County San Diego for 15 years . As previously mentioned it took the writer 15 years to write this book , well I feel like it took 15 years to read it . Although the history is interesting to somebody who knows and cares about the area the characters and story line are elementary and boring at best . The development of characters and dialogue are forced and unrealistic.I 've read text books the held my interest better .
 If you 've never played Texas Hold 'Em , or better yet never even heard of the game , you may glean some new insight from this book . Otherwise it 's a complete waste of money .
 This is a reprint of a bunch of Ms. Galasso-Vigorito 's columns . I find the appearance of her column every Monday in our local paper -LRB- she started out her column here in New Haven -RRB- really annoying . Her writing has all the psychological and theological depth of a cheap greeting card . Her columns are all very wordy , but they basically recycle three sentences
 This book is full of superficial platitudes from the New Age Rainbow Coalition of the 1980s , John Marks Templeton , then Norman Vincent Peale -LRB- Mason and Shriner -RRB- and Robert Schuller -LRB- `` Hour of Power '' television program ; do most weird things come from California ? -RRB- . This is the Gospel of Success and Possibility Thinking . His book , like `` The Course in Miracles '' teaches that `` forgiveness '' is simply recognizing that sin does not exist and therefore there is nothing to forgive . To accept the Courses teachings is to reject all Biblical doctrine , yet those who embrace it are able to call themselves Christians.Like Courses , `` A New You '' is the promotion to ignore our sinful nature , which is right in line with Schuller 's philosophy . This non-offensive positive gospel of to `` believe in SELF '' is hardly new . This new reformation is not repentance or a renewed sense of dependence on God and his word . No humbling ourself before Almighty God . In fact it is the very opposite , a boosting of ourselves to a `` divine self-esteem . '' -LRB- Schuller was helped into ministry by Masonic brother Billy Graham . -RRB- Schuller 's salvation was one of eliminating the pain of fear . To Schuller , `` faith '' is visualization , a power of the mind ; `` God '' is there to help one `` believe '' and activate our mind power which will change our environment . Schuller smiles as he says `` now believe and you will achieve . '' He declares in `` Self-Esteem : '' `` Christ was the world 's greatest possibility thinker . Do we dare follow him ? '' Peale has said , `` Positive thinking is just another term for faith . '' The Bible says `` God forbid that I should glory , except in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ . `` It would be better to define sin , demonic influences , hell , salvation , the gospel , and the term `` born again . '' The Bible tells us that we are all sinners ; our righteousness is like filthy rags before God , that we 've all sinned and fall short of His glory , and that there are none who are naturally good or righteous . The Christian strategy is the attempt to make people aware of their lost and sinful condition . This book is psychology and it has come into the church disguised as a help to our self worth . But this is HUMANISN and is antithetical the very essence of the gospel . Read I Tim . 1:15 . -LRB- Google search
 I recently had to read a classic book for my english class and I chose the cross and the switchblade ... I saw the classic sticker and figured it had to be good ... WHAT ... THIS BOOK WAS TERRIBLE ... if your extremely interested in the life of a heroin addict this is the book for you ... THIS BOOK HAS NO SENSE OF CLOSURE AND IS A TOTAL WASTE OF YOUR TIME ...
 What is reported in the book may be true but the author has definately taken poetic licence in the telling of the events . Is Wilkerson such a meglomeanic that he sees this book as an appendage to the Acts of the Apostles ? Maybe so . The pictures that are contained in the book come from the movie which starred Pat Boone.Several references are made to the devil . As a matter of fact , the devil is mentioned as mush as God in this book.I have also heard Wilkerson preach . He should enroll himself at some divinity school and learn the concepts of Christianity
 I went to a Catholic High School so I could stop being beaten in school every day . In sophmore year this was on the summer reading list . I felt it was an insult to my intelligence . And I really had no respect for Father Lauri when the class started in september . Very simple reading , maybe 5th grade level , which is concurrent with the kind of person who would read it . If you like this one , you may want to check out Dianetics as well , its just as inane .
 The book is not a good copy ... it may be because it is old , but the pages are tearing out as I read them
 Book was soiled , written in and smelled bad . Very poor condition . Took longer to arrive , as well . Not at all as advertised .
 First off the one star is not for the content of this book but for the quality of the Kindle edition of this text . Both my wife and I read this text on the Kindle and we both attempted to report each typo through the reporting feature on the Kindle for Mac , but there were so many that we just eventually gave up somewhere around half way through and tried to ignore them . The main reason for the the one star is that I paid money for this book for the convenience of having it on my Kindle and was annoyed with a text riddled with errors . I am dyslexic and know ahead of time that I must have everything I write to be carefully proof read , and I am positive that after this book was transcribed to the Kindle , no one at the publisher cared to read it over again because the errors are very obvious . Amazon , as I said has a reporting feature for errors if you catch them , and perhaps in the last three weeks since I read the book someone has got around to fixing them . However , I was disappointed in the lack of quality control from the publisher on this text , they can do better.Secondly , I would rate this book 's content as five stars . The reason is that as young ministers in the Assembly of God , my wife and I identified with the testimony of David and Gwen as they walked by faith in the purposes and plans God had for them . It was encouraging for us and , gave us hope to keeping moving forward during our current time of transition . As for the clarity and simplicity of the text 's writing , I am guessing that David Wilkerson 's co-authors should be commended for this , because it was a very easy read for me who struggles with reading and am glad to read something other than seminary textbooks which make me wonder if I ever really knew the English language to begin with -LRB- those who have been there know what I am talking about -RRB- . Altogether this is a personal rating based on our situation in life and to highlight the easily avoidable quality problems on the Kindle edition . * EDIT * Taking a look at the Kindle page for this text after publishing this review I noticed that Amazon as pulled this text from their digital shelves to review for errors , etc. , and to try to correct the problems with the publisher . So , good for you Amazon staff . For all those that posted corrections through their Kindles , apparently Amazon takes them seriously , and if it is fixed at a later date I will fix my star rating .
 The book outlays every detail of the Indiana 19th 's movement during the Gettysburg campaign all of the way down the graphic depictions of death scenes . It was difficult to gain an overview of the regiments role within the larger conflict -LRB- which I anticipated -RRB- due to lengthy explanations of specific individuals movements . The details were thouroughly researched and presented in a very logical manner , but the importance the 19th played in this pivotal battle was underscored by long-winded explanations of each death that occurred during the three year period being studied . Approximately 1/3 of the books contents were detailed footnotes and this made the reading somewhat difficult .
 I know I 'm the odd person out here , because virtually all the reviews are favorable & some consider this work a `` classic '' , but , frankly , I did n't like this book . And , mind you , I like war novels & have read many of them . This book is unrelievedly gloomy & depressing & gets more so as the book goes on . There is way too much description & not enough conversation . Contrary to what several reviewers said , I found the character development weak to nonexistent . There were some interesting characters & I would have liked to know more about them , but the characters took second place to endless descriptions of the weather & damage reports . I plowed through it because I thought it was my duty to do so , but really , I found this book disappointing .
 I wanted to like this book , but I could not . Maclean seems to have an encyclopedic knowledge of life aboard a cruiser , but the naval strategy that drives the book seems nonsensical . Go read C.S. Forrester 's `` The Ship '' to see a better handling of life aboard a ship in battle . *** SPOILERS *** But the real problem with this particular book is that almost every single character is killed off . They either have a spectacularly gruesome death , or die in an act of suicidal bravery , or more likely both . How much of this can you take as reader ? There 's not a single bright spot in this whole book . Every time you think the mood is lifting with some character redeeming himself by an heroic act he is either blown to smithereens or frozen to death within a page or two.There 's not even any logic to it all . The idea that the Admiralty would sacrifice an entire convoy just to draw out the Tirpitz is stupid . The goal of the Admiralty was to get convoys through , not sink German warships . It 's the convoys that would win the war.I think Maclean was on some sort of medication when he wrote this . It 's a complete downer from start to finish .
 This novel has been inexplicably compared to Nicholas Monsarrat 's post WWII naval classic , `` The Cruel Sea '' . Although a fan of MacLean 's I could not get beyond the first 65 pages .
 The paper used and printing process are the cheapest I 've ever seen . If you want to give this this book as a gift , buy it from another publisher . What a major disappointment . Returning it does n't seem worth it financially but I 'm sending it back based on principle .
 I had to read this book in 4th Grade , and it nearly turned me off to reading for life ! The plot meanders all over the place , and it was very difficult to relate to anything that was happening . I do n't care about a horse . Sorry ! Seriously , I still have nightmares about the awful week that I had to spend writing a book report on this !
 Really a total mis-mash of bewildering essays from the mid 70s this collection mirrors the typical anti-Americanism of the era . The essays are called ` bold ' but the reality is that disagreeing with the Vietnam war is n't exactly revolutionary . No original thought is found within these essays instead they are the typical ` America is evil ' mentality . One essay in particular focuses on the war in Laos and Cambodia but it ignores the Vietnamese invasions of these countries and the destabilizing influence that Vietnamese troops caused as they rampaged through the rice fields of Cambodia in order to invade South Vietnam . The reality is that these essays completely ignore and in fact deny the truth about Pol Pots regime in Cambodia , a communist regime that killed 25 % of the country and especially murdered minority groups and Muslims . These glaring anti-factuals make this collection hard to accept and even harder to digest . Fans of the authors previous work will be delighted , while most will be unhappy .
 Weisenthal did n't track down anyone in the spy sense . He interviewed them and was a great man in this area of expertise . The author misleads you with the title.I liked Simon Wiesenthal 's own memoirs , `` The Murderers Among Us '' , a whole lot more.The best TRACKER story is the great PETER MALKIN ! Read Malkins books
 How unbelievable that anyone one would use the excuse of the brutal murder of a young girl as an attempt to rid a town of Jewish citizens . With its shallow character development and infuriating conclusion , this book only emphasizes the ease in which a controversial subject , no matter how well or poorly it is handled , now makes for ` good reading . ' What about giving readers a believable ending to what had been , up till the very end , an intriguing story ?
 If I could have given this novel `` 0 '' stars , I would have . Ms. Sloan has shortchanged her readers . The story began with endless possibilities that were introduced but never brought to fruition - including the ending . I have never read a novel with so many unfinished subplots - incomplete and unfulfilled relationships -LRB- Ginger and Ruben , Stacy and Danny -RRB- ; the murderer left undiscovered to murder and commit incest again with his spouse having full knowledge ; the ruination of the Frankel family also with no closure ; the anti-Semite group headed by Kyle Breckenridge ; no to mention the ambiguous role of Mr. Purdy . The only winner here is the author Ms. Sloan , who seems to have pulled the wool over the eyes of we fools who purchased her book . If there is another as there most assuredly will be , yours truly will not be fooled twice !
 It will be difficult to write this review without including a spoiler , but I 'll do my best.Let me begin by referring to Mozart . Although one of the two or three greatest composers in the history of western music , Mozart was in no way an innovator . He worked entirely within existing forms . Yes , he took those forms to glorious new heights never before achieved , and he pushed at the edges on many occasions , but he never -LRB- or at least rarely -RRB- went a great distance beyond the boundaries of the forms extant in his day as he created masterpiece after masterpiece.I have limited my reading of fiction for several years to mysteries written by women , with female protagonists . I find such writings -LRB- on average -RRB- more interesting , less contaminated with testosterone-fed silliness , than the average mystery written by a male . And in Susan Sloan I felt I had found a new , higher standard of writing . An Isolated Incident was the first of her books I happened to pick up . The writing was superb , the characters complex and well-drawn and mostly quite likable , the suspense agonizing . I lost sleep for several nights , staying up much later than I should have stayed up , eager to see what would happen next . She was the best writer I had read in a several years -LRB- and I was reading a book every few nights -RRB- . Finally , I stayed up VERY late in order to finish the book . And I was devastated.When I am looking for a mystery novel , whether at the local library or at a book store , I find it in a special section devoted to mystery novels . These books are NOT in the general fiction category , where one finds more `` serious fiction . '' People typically read mysteries for escape . When I want `` serious fection , '' I search in a different section of the library or bookstore . Most of us expect writers of mysteries to follow certain conventions , just as people listening to a classical concerto , whether by Mozart or Haydn or anyone else , expect the music to remain within certain boundaries . If a Mozart piano concerto were to have a final rondo that at the end sounded more like Stravinski than like a classical concerto , I would be shocked and outraged -LRB- even though I love Stravinski -RRB- . I hope the parallel is clear . I was shocked and outraged by the `` last movement '' of this novel , even though the author signaled the ending -LRB- in part ! -RRB- long before the final pages , and the question of `` whodunnit '' in the end was no surprise to me . But the final disposition of characters and of plot were beyond the pale of mystery writing , in my -LRB- obviously highly biased -RRB- opinion . I 'm being vague in order to keep this review from containing a `` spoiler . '' But I will say that I was so disillusioned after finishing this book -- a book that earlier had excited me because I thought I had found the best mystery writer I had read in ages -- that I have essentially lost interest in reading mysteries , after having read hundreds of them over the past ten years or so.Ms . Sloan need not have strayed so far outside the bounds of conventional mysteries . She 's such a good writer that she could have written a GREAT mystery with a more conventional ending , just as Mozart wrote great music without ever wandering outside the forms handed to him by his predecessors . I can only hypothesize that she decided to attempt a more `` literary '' ending , one more typical of `` serious fiction , '' because she felt that a conventional ending was too mundane . I only wish she had the sensibility of a Mozart , realizing that , with her talent , she could have remained firmly within the bounds of conventional endings and still have written a masterpiece of the mystery genre . Unfortunately , she wrote a book that is 90 % masterpiece with an ending that is so jarring that I have actually been disillusioned with mysteries altogether . I 've for the most part gone back to histories and biographies .
 I just got done reading this book . It was a great suspense/mystery book at first . However , the characters were not well developed and the plots were never finished . The ending leaves the reader wondering `` Why ? '' and `` How ? '' . I was very disappointed because when you spend your time reading a 470 page book , you expect it to actually be worthwhile at the end and actually come to a closure . Well , this one was n't and did n't . I have never read any other of Susan Sloan 's books , and I doubt I ever will . I am very disappointed to say the least .
 THe only good thing about this book is a little romance by the 2 main characters . The rest of the book is a bore ! Author goes into to much deatil about each persons jobs and at times there lives BORING . Then the ending as to who did the killing is not really clear , A currupt police station sends the wrong man to jail and he ends up getting killed . All in all the whole story is terrible . This is my first book by this author and will be for sure my last . Do n't waste you hard earned money on the book .
 I am a librarian in Brooklyn . One of my patrons has been nagging me for months to read this book , claiming that it is terrific . Boy , is she ever wrong ! Although the book had possibilities , as it progressed , the writing deteriorated steadily . Sloan makes a mishmash of racism , police procedurals , small town gossip , an ambitious reporter and many other ingredients that are too muddled together . Instead of a crisp resolution , the book falls flat at the end . I knew who the murderer was , so there was little suspense there . Sloan should have fleshed out her characters and constructed a plot that was a little less busy and a little more put-together . The book was too long and it sagged after the middle . Sloan also hits the reader over the head with her message that we must be more tolerant and less small-minded in our relationships with those whom we perceive to be different from us . I do not recommend `` An Isolated Incident '' to readers who enjoy crisp writing and a sensible plot line . I was quite disappointed .
 The author had good intentions , but needed a much lighter touch for this book . The premise of an isolated island community rocked by a shocking murder is very intriguing . Unfortunately , the author did n't bring any new ideas to the mix . The killer is obvious from the first few chapters , and the rest of the book is comprised largely of heavy-handed caricatures and anvil-dropping . I do n't like books that talk down or preach to the reader , and this did plenty of both .
 I read this book and thought I had an understanding of the characters . Then we get to the last quarter of the book and everything is completely unexpected except for the killer . I had that figured out in the beginning . I do n't believe true suspense in mysteries is achieved by having characters in the end doing completely unexpected , out of character things .
 A young , innocent girl is viciously murdered on a small island in Puget Sound . This homicide , the island 's first , rocks the community , shaking loose endemic anti-Semitism and racism . The trouble is , the author practically gives away the identity of the murderer early on and then has to throw in many red herrings as a distraction . Finally , the conclusion is frustrating and sloppy , leaving this ready mighty disastisfied .
 Two days after I finished this I thought -- hey , wait a minute , she never explained just how the anti-semite group just happened to have a knife with Tara 's blood on it to conveniently plant in the teacher 's car . They supposedly did n't know who did it so how do they explain having the murder weapon ? Did anyone else pick up on that and if so , did she explain it anywhere ?
 Having enjoyed the author 's lst effort was looking forward to her 2nd book . Unfortunately AN ISOLATED INCIDENT , though it started out well and promised to thrill and mystify , became bogged down with lightweight writing , and slipshod police work . We have a community which is gradually revealed to contain a proportionate amount of bigotry in relation to its population . This could have been used to convey a strong message . The end was telegraphed three quarters of the way into the book . The small police force were impressed with their efforts to uncover the murderer when in fact , the Chief and his Detective were too engrossed in their romance to thoroughly check out their weak evidence . They had no hard evidence , and were unprofessional in their handling of the entire investigation . I became angry at the slurs and was left empty at the end as the incestful father who murdered his pregnant daughter was left free to molest his younger girl with no one to stop him ... most of all his weak wife . The small townspeople went on with their shallow lives , with no hope of changing their narrow minds . A waste of time , reading this book , in my opinion .
 Having enjoyed the author 's lst effort was looking forward to her 2nd book . Unfortunately AN ISOLATED INCIDENT , though it started out well and promised to thrill and mystify , became bogged down with lightweight writing , and slipshod police work . We have a community which is gradually revealed to contain a proportionate amount of bigotry in relation to its population . This could have been used to convey a strong message . The end was telegraphed three quarters of the way into the book . The small police force were impressed with their efforts to uncover the murderer when in fact , the Chief and his Detective were too engrossed in their romance to thoroughly check out their weak evidence . They had no hard evidence , and were unprofessional in their handling of the entire investigation . I became angry at the slurs and was left empty at the end as the incestful father who murdered his pregnant daughter was left free to molest his younger girl with no one to stop him ... most of all his weak wife . The small townspeople went on with their shallow lives , with no hope of changing their narrow minds . A waste of time , reading this book , in my opinion .
 I agree with others who felt this book was a disappointment . The characters were shallow , the plot fragmented , the motivations stereotypical .
 I just finished Susan Sloan 's An Isolated Incident I kept reading trying to find a coherant plot and character . The ending is unsettling , poorly written and unfocused . I will never read another Susan Sloan book . Ms Sloan uses unfair writing techniques to set up an improbable ending , and then she does n't end it . She leaves too much up in the air . Jerry Frankel is the only sympathetic character in the book . Very unsatisfying read .
 At first I was unable to put this book down . The intriguing beginning piqued my interest , and the compelling theme grabbed my attention and forced me to continue to find out what happened . Sloan 's style of writing is very skillful and her artistry is outstanding ... therefore , my question is , how come she began a book with such potential and promise and then proceeded to force on her readers such a disappointing ending ? It 's a shame , because the book had so much potential . Too bad she wasted it on such triviality and shallowness . Her writing style made it very clear that she could have done much better . I only recommend this book if the reader stops after the first half ; it 's better to make up your own ending than accept the author 's .
 Until the ending of this book , I was sure that it was going to rate a 10 . After finishing it , I can say that I do not remember being this disappointed in a books conclusion in my life . This book left me depressed , and wishing that I would have never read it . Certainly one does not have to tidy things up all the time but to purposely have people act out of character is unforgivable sin for an author . I very much cared for the individuals in this book and at the end felt very manipulated by the author . Do not read this book .
 I always thought the idea behind successful fiction was suspension of disbelief , and I 'm usually willing to make allowances and accept improbable plots or wooden characters if the writer makes me believe the story he/she is telling . In the case of Sloan 's book , however , she has managed to mix an improbable plot and wooden characters together with a prose style that is , frankly , amateurish . I did n't buy it . Furthermore I wonder if she is really at all interested in spinning us a good yarn , or is there some sort of murky political agenda here ? I can even accept agendas if they 're presented well , I would even be inclined to sympathize with this one , if it 's there . But it 's all so over the top , and she leaves too many loose ends in the plot
 I agree with others who felt this book was a disappointment . The characters were shallow , the plot fragmented , the motivations stereotypical .
 The good parts :1 -RRB- The first 2/3s of the book keep you turning the pages .2 -RRB- Sweet romance between two main characters .3 -RRB- Most of the characters are neither all bad or all good.The bad parts .1 -RRB- You never have any doubt that the main suspect did n't do it .2 -RRB- The second suspect seems very unlikely , but at 3/4s of the way thru the book , you know it 's too late to introduce a new suspect . The best mysteries are those where the guilty party is right before your eyes the whole time , and at the end you want to slap yourself for not seeing how he or she could really only be `` the one . `` 3 -RRB- While the guilty party in this novel is a possible suspect right from the start , you know very very little about him .4 -RRB- While anti-semitism is a worthy topic to explore , the author paints all the Christians on the island with a very broad brush . There are no sympathetic openly Christian characters . I 've lived among Christians all my life and I know most of their genuine faults . With the exception of extremists -LRB- and every group has them -RRB- the majority of Christians do n't tend to have negative feelings about Jews or Israel . If anything , they tend to view Jewish worshipers as allies and they can sometimes be accused of blindly defending everything about the state of Israel . I simply could n't buy the `` all Christians are Jew haters '' theme that filled the last 1/3 of this flawed book.Bottom line . There 's better stuff out there . Thumbs down .
 Sloan is not a lawyer and needs to get her facts straight , starting with real life . This book keeps you guessing until the end which was n't pleasant .
 While the author has a fine ability to describe the setting and an interesting array of characters , I knew the murderer very early in this book -- and I rarely can do that . Also a main character acts out-of-character two-thirds of the way through which distorts the plot . But my biggest disappointment was with the ending . This is not a mystery to solve but a drama of prejudice and racism , and I found the ending left a bitter taste . I live in the Pacific Northwest and to characterize it with such unrelenting -- and unresolved -- bigotry is unfair and untrue . Such a shame that an author feels readers want that kind of book .
 I had guessed who the murderer was after about the first couple chapters but kept reading thinking there had to be a twist - which never came .
 I feel that its my civil duty to warn people not to waste their hard earned money and precious time reading this book . I bought this book based upon the author 's name . I LOVED her first novel , and thought this would be along the mystery , emotion and suspense would be of the same level . Instead , I found myself half-way through the novel wondering if I should discard it , or hope for the best . It takes forever to start , the characters , once developed are so flawed and unlikable that it simply turns to a disappointment . The `` good '' guys turn into a new form of `` bad '' . BTW , this is a murder mystery , and when she finally gets to wrapping it up , the ending and the motive for the murder are swept under the carpet . You are more then welcome to try to get through this horrid novel , but again , I highly recommend spending your time and money on either her first novel , or something new altogether .
 Thought I reviewed this a month ago but do not see it . Sloan disappointed me with this effort . I agree with those who criticized An Isolated Incident and wonder about those gave it a rave . There were too many ill-defined characters , too much hatred and angst which was never resolved and a police force which made Barney Fife look like a genius . Do n't waste time on this turkey .
 Anne Perry has been one of my favorite authors for many , many years . I was delighted to see that the Charlotte and Thomas Pitt series is available on Kindle . However , as I am re-reading the old favorites , I am very disappointed by the poor reproduction quality of the entire series . Many words are misspelled through obvious optical character recognition errors . The price of each book warrants at least a proofread of the content . My rating is based on this issue ; a review of the writing and storyline would be much , much higher .
 It shows the Joes in action displays but not the clothing in display so you can see what went with the outfits . I needed a book that showed clothing and accessories seperately and with more detailed descriptions .
 This book has a lot of great photos , mostly in color . The information is pretty good , but there are some areas that seem to have gaps in the narrative . I also would have liked more in-depth information relating to Hasbro instead of mostly the kind of information that you can get from a list . The book tells you when everything was released , what year , who did what , etc. . But it lacks any human warmth , and there are really no warm stories of the original creators sitting together and working on GI Joe . Sadly , most of the GI Joe books totally ignore the human factor , aside from giving credit to the names of the people who designed , invented , patented , painted , funded , etc. . The book is great for photos , and lots of interesting information . Sadly , it is not a warm , fuzzy book about a children 's toy !
 I ca n't begin to express how disappointed I was with this book . I bought it specifically for the Mariner 's compass patterns and for directions on how to do it without foundation pieceing . Theere was a lot of information on how to make patterns , but all of the examples and projects were not true Mariner 's compass , they were odd variations . And most of the directions were for foundation piecing , in which I was not at all interested . The flying geese borders and info on circular borders was fine , but the stuff on Mariner 's compass , for which I purchased this book , was not at all helpful , or inspiring , especially for someone such as I , who wants to hand piece and hand sew the antique patterns . I wish the author -LRB- or whomever -RRB- had been more explicit in stating that these were modern variations on tradtional themes .
 As a philosophy professor for three decades , I have taught this wretched book several times in survey courses in 20th century philosophy . It has gone through numerous printings , and so has seemed to capture the respect of a good number of Anglo-American professors . However , Reichenbach 's reading of the history of philosophy is wrong on every count ; it is no wonder that Einstein , whose student he once was , ridicules Reichenbach in `` Albert Einstein
 Teresa Medieros is one of my favorite authors -- I usually pick up her books just on the basis of her name , knowing I 'll find a well-written story laced with humor and romance . But this book was completely disappointing ! Compared to her other novels , this one was sorely lacking , in terms of underdeveloped characters and ridiculous plot twists . It just did n't pull me in ; the novel is definitely not up to par . Sorry , Teresa , this one just does n't cut it . Here 's to hoping your next novel maintains your usual excellent standard !
 I just do n't understand all of these positive reviews . This book is way below average - definately NOT a keeper . I 've enjoyed many of Ms. Medeiro 's books but this one is so poorly written that I could barely finish it . Hayden St. Clair is supposed to be a lonely , brooding , dark character but the book is so flip that it destroys any intensity he might generate . As a result , the chemistry between Hayden and Carlotta does n't work and the plot just does n't make sense . At one point - when Carlotta feels she 's betrayed Hayden - she flees to London for four months ! Why ? Then she supposedly redeems herself by publishing a sordid novel about their life story - one that puts her in a bad light . However , we 're never told exactly what she has written about herself . What a disappointment !
 While reading this book I continuously kept thinking I must have picked it up in the tween section of the library . Pretty much everything about this book is foolishly unrealistic and completely childish . I actually had a bigger problem with Lottie than I did w / Hayden . No 20 year old woman living in that time period would have behaved in the way she did . She was idiotic . So was her friend , Harriet , who chased her to Cornwall and became a servant in her home instead of asking to see her and ask to stay there . Even the way they collected cats was weird . This book is just plain dumb . Everything is cliche , drawn out , boring and while I did enjoy the 2 love scenes in the book , they are near the end and it 's just not nearly enough to save this mess of a story . I whole heartedly recommend skipping `` One Night of Scandal '' .
 There are so many things that are wrong with this book that I do n't know how I am the first one to give it a bad review.First
 I usually read a historical romance novel in 2 days . Long , boring and drawn out !!!!! This is the first of Medeiros books for me and the last !!!!
 The beginning the book was superb . Hayden was smitten to say the least ... Lottie was also intrigued and curious about this dashing , murderering marquess . The characters were instantly likeable that I was sure that the rest of the book would be equally so . That is until he marries her and takes her home and things turn really bad . His kid made me nuts , his emotional scars was so convoluted it was ridiculous . I was so sick of this guy and his problems by the end of the story I was hoping she would high-tail it out of there . Grrr ... this could have been a great book ... man was I disappointed .
 Upon reading this book you will dicover that there are no arguments that can disprove evolution . This book raises doubts about evolution that refuse discussion , not open it up for debate . People who do not believe in evolution believe that god created the earth within the last 10,000 years , despite a fossil record that goes back hundreds of millions of years.You can pretend there is no evolution if you want to look like a childish fool . You can pretend there is an invisible man in the sky who you telepathically communicate with but I call that insanity .
 This is not `` For Dummies . '' This is for experts . Too long ; too hard ; written for `` one guy in Western Iowa with a weird problem . `` Tax Survival Kit -LRB- only $ 5 + ; not $ 11 + too -RRB- is a real `` For Dummies '' book . 100 odd pages ; neat , clean , and a Teamster like me can make cents out of it.If the book had a title such as `` Taxes for Accountants '' I would say great . But , it is false advertising to say it is `` For Dummies . `` The authors did great work , I think -LRB- to the extent I can tell -RRB- . Just flying under the wrong colors as we used to say in the Army.Don ' t blame the authors ; talk to the publisher .
 The story was not what I expected it to be . Not really appropriate for a young child . I would not buy it again .
 this book is a tear inducing story it is the saddest book i have ever read and i will never beable to read it again
 I did n't like this book . . I felt it was too drawn out .
 I experienced this book in audio format and had quite a bit of difficulty following any sort of logical thread ; so much so that I wondered about the viability of audio -LRB- something I 've only recently started dealing with -RRB- . It was therefore comforting to see so many other reviewers commenting on disorganization . Apparently , it 's the work itself , not the format.That 's a shame . The topic is a fascinating one . I wish it had been more cogently presented . At this point in time , I would say Jared Diamond is still the author to read if you are interested in this field . It appears that 1491 aspires to stand next to it , and might have succeeded with better editing . But as it stands now , it does n't work .
 I wanted to like this book and believe in the arguments that the author was making , but in the end I simply could not do it.There was too much anecdote and speculation used to support the author 's ideas about the size and sophistication of pre-Columbus populations in the Americas . A bounty of documented evidence and facts are critical when attempting to revise such a major part of the historical record.I found too many instances where the author was glib presenting an analogy or drawing a conclusion . I repeatedly found myself thinking , `` No , Y does not follow from X in this case ! `` Like other readers , I also found this book extremely disorganized in its presentation . One chapter we 're following the Inca Empire in Peru , the next it 's off to Plymouth , Massachussetts , then a quick stop at Clovis , and then we doddle off to the Yucatan to hang out with the Maya.There also seems to be a larger agenda behind Mann 's arguments in this book . This is especially apparent when he is discussing the potential pre-1492 human impact on the Amazon basin . He consistently pursues a line of argument best paraphrased as , `` Hey , the Indians were constantly slashing and burning parts of the forest to create arable land , so what 's the big deal if we do it nowadays ? `` Great , except that the ability of small tribes with stone axes to clear rainforest is n't within ten orders of magnitude of what modern man and a few diesel bulldozers can achieve.Fascinating speculation , recommended only if you have a lot of spare time to go on a summer flight of fancy .
 This was a great magazine article - I read it in the anthology The Best American Science Writing of 2003 . When I saw that Charles Mann expanded it into a book , I was looking forward to the author delving further into epidemiological or ethno historical evidence to support the supposition that Native Americans died off in HUGE numbers as European explorers arrived with new diseases . Unfortunately in making the transition to novel from short story , the author choose instead to explore creative ways to villainize Europeans and people of European descent while praising the knowledge , accomplishments and mystical beliefs of the American Natives . In the book -LRB- not the short story -RRB- the author takes pains to make fun of sixteenth century European speculations on the origin of humans in the Americas . Mr. Mann uses guilt by association to show how the agricultural products of the old world like wool and wheat were scratchy and unpleasant while the agricultural products of the new world -LRB- cotton and maize -RRB- were soft , sweet and superior due to the superiority of the people growing them . I had to put the book down about two thirds of the way through . I also did n't quite understand the need for this book to include 100 + pages of references to other publications . Perhaps , Mr. Mann contracted to produce a book of X pages , based on the fine Atlantic Monthly article , and was not able to fill it with facts . Instead wild speculation and notes were added as padding.On Page 140 , Mr. Mann writes `` Since the sixteenth century , the origins of Native Americans have been an intellectual puzzle . A puzzle to the Europeans , anyway - Indians seem to have been , as a rule , satisfied with traditional explanations of their origins . '' Three pages later , Mr. Mann even uses the oddly misspelled word `` Hindoos '' -LRB- in quotes -RRB- to poke fun at one of the possible groups that a sixteenth Spaniard -LRB- Jose de Acosta -RRB- posited as a candidate for the peopling of the Americas . Apparently Mr. Mann sees greater truth in mythological claptrap as scientific explanation than he does in a Spaniard , who in 1590 , described a land bridge connecting Asia and America . Rather than poke fun at this sixteenth century European , I would laud his insight . Granted , Jose Acosta 's time table for this land crossing was off by several millennia , but from the facts that Mr. Mann presents , I would draw a very different conclusion about which culture was grossly ignorant . Regardless , poking fun at a group because of their ignorance is a despicable practice in a scientific treatise.On page 188 , Mr. Mann writes `` Norte Chico Chiefdoms where almost certainly theocratic , though not brutally so ; leaders induced followers to obey by a combination of ideology , charisma , and skillfully timed positive reinforcements '' . Unfortunately , this idyllic interpretation of the scant archeological evidence represents wild speculation at best . No facts are presented to support this fanciful Utopian description.Please read the Atlantic Monthly article , either from the magazine or in the anthology `` The Best American Science Writing of 2003 '' but do n't waste your time and money on this derived work - this book is not even mediocre science writing .
 I purchased two books . One matched the description as to quality and the other was not even close to the quality that was stated when I placed the order . One book is in great shape and the other was not in good shape at all . So , I am not pleased with it at all .
 Expected it to focus on pre-1492 . Much of the book ca n't help but include post 1492 with inferences to what it was like before . Considered it a daunting task to write such a book , and still can see it as not really achieved to the level it suggests it might .
 There are indeed a few new things -LRB- at least to me -RRB- in this book , like the artifacts of the Beni in the upper Amazon and the criticism of my colleague the late Allan Holmberg -LRB- a bit unfair , I 'm sure -RRB- . But the book is so annoying in its presentism and propagandizing that I quit reading and skimmed the remainder . Mann is an antinomian child of the modern age who wants to believe the Indians lived in complete personal liberty , as if an Iroquois male adolescent had the choice of being a brave brave or cowardly math nerd . He is a neo-Rousseauvian
 This topic had the potential for being something genuinely splendid but failed to live up to that potential . While I recognize that the authors was not attempting to write a text that would be consumed by scholars , the intellectual rigor that accompanies such texts should have been evident nonetheless . In addition to the fact that the first quarter or so of this book focuses on post-contact life in the Americas rather than life prior to significant European contact , it chooses a clear socio-political trajectory , omitting points of intellectual decent . This is hardly surprising in that the book is couched in the us/them tradition . Rather than discussing a culture or series of culture in their own right , the author is compelled to place these cultures in contrast , implying superiority and moral supremacy of one over the other . It is amazing that Europeans ever managed to survive let alone expand . Had it not been for disease and a ruthless evil known only in Biblical stories , Europeans would still be living in caves . If we replace `` European '' with `` Sioux '' , we would have a reasonable facsimile of the kind of writing that frequently appeared 50 years ago . The same diatribe is present here , only the names and cultural contexts have changed.More disappointing is the fact that this inevitably shifts the focus of the book away from the native populations to the European conquerors and settlers . Just as with Hollywood blockbusters like Dances With Wolves , the white intruder becomes the star of the show and the native is reduced to the status of the noble savage . They are , in effect , turned into the historical equivalent of the people of Atlantis.Finally , Mann settles on dates and processes that while subscribed to by some scholars , are rejected by others . Rather than stating that human migration into the Americas started at the point he suggestss , it would have been more accurate and interesting to discuss the various models put forward by archaeologists . Multiple migrations , for example . Or new evidence suggesting that the people we think of as Native Americans -LRB- regardless of national/tribal affiliation -RRB- may have out-competed or even killed of a biologically dissimilar population that had made the migration before them . In other words , rather than telling a complete story -LRB- which , unfortunately , frequently makes things less clear -RRB- , Mann has taken a position and decided to pick and choose which facts he will include to support it.Note that Mann writes very well . His book is entertaining . And there are indeed any number of interesting bit of history . It is , however , neither what it claims it is is , nor is it a book that that challenges the reader . It lacks scholarly rigor and as such is , sadly , something of a sensational farce .
 Although this book does contain nuggets of solid information , it so poorly organized that I found myself skipping around , trying to find passages which specifically dealt with the groups living in the Americas before Columbus ' intrusion.I thought , based on its title , that the book would primarily focus on the civilizations which existed in the Americas before extensive European contact . Instead , much of it concentrated on that contact and the deleterious effects it had on the native populations.I never managed to figure out why the author organized the content the way he did . My choice would have been to present the information chronologically , so that one could easily find various American civilizations based on dates.In addition to the confusing manner in which the content was presented , I simply could not take the off-hand way in which the author dismissed the overwhelming evidence of an early , and strong , African presence in the Americas . Its laughable to dispute whether Africans visited areas known popularly as the ` Olmecs ' . The huge stone heads speak for themselves , but will so-called archaeologists and historical researchers ever fumble and fight to find another explanation - any explanation - than that.In summary , the author does a credible job of telling a bit about the lives of the populations living in the Americas before European contact . He actually does a passable job of giving credit to many technologically advanced features of said societies , debunking the stereotypes which labeled them ` savages ' , and the like . On the other hand , his dismissive attitude towards the very obvious fact of major African involvement in the area 's early development is a significant reason to downgrade the rating , in my opinion .
 This book is somewhat interesting , but what irks me is the tone in which it is written . It could not be more obvious that the author feels `` we '' Westerners are more superior to the people of the past , including the very people whose memoirs form the base of his book . I admit I did n't read past the first chapter , because of this.Another glaring problem is the author totally lacks imagination . For instance in the first chapter he is discussing how along the Amazon in the early 1400 's , one group of Spaniards reported large communities of natives living on the river bank . The author draws the conclusion that the natives could not have been living anywhere EXCEPT on the river bank , as this is where their villages were reported to be , according to the Spanish . Do you see what I mean about a lack of imagination ? How could one think the natives did n't live further inland , simply because the Spanish did n't see them ? -LRB- as the Spanish did n't travel further inland ? -RRB- This bothered me . I think I will find other ways to learn history .
 Rambling story with no logical progression . I really enjoy historical books such as this -LRB- esp . by Richard Zachs -RRB- , and thought this would be a great topic for one . That being said , this book is lacking .
 Pre-Columbian Indian societies were , for the most part , made up of stone-age hunter gatherers . The few who made it to urban God-king organizations , Aztecs , Incas , were interesting but bizarre . Sacrificing 16,0000 humans at a religious ceremony by cutting out their beating hearts and feasting on their bodies is more than just a curiosity . This book is just another in a long line of guilt-ridden nonsense -LRB- see Diamond and his germs -RRB- . Instead read Thomas Sowell on Conquests for a balanced view .
 `` Mann is well aware that much of the history he relates is * necessarily * speculative . '' This says it all
 I ' v read some boring books before but this one takes the cake . I couldn ' g even finish it . It jumped around from one time period and civilization to another . I love history , but I could n't even remember any significant event that stood out in the book .
 This book has several serious flaws . First , the presentation is very disorganized ; the author is a journalist and not a historian and it shows . Secondly , as a journalist , the author has no real expertise in any of the fields he writes about ; it 's all a synthesis of other people 's work -LRB- which is n't necessarily bad but the reader should keep this in mind when the author offers his conclusions/opinions . Third , I 'm not sure how `` new '' these `` revelations '' really are . I 'm not an expert in field but I am a reasonably well-read lay-person ; much of this information was familiar to me . A lot of this stunning new research has been around for decades.The basis thesis of this book is
 Although I did enjoy part one , it was not about pre-Columbus , but post Columbus America . I could not finish parts 2 or 3 , as I found them entirely disorganized and confusing . The text seemed to skip back and forth between peoples and times . The content seemed based on speculation rather than fact . I did not have a feeling that the author was really knowledgable or credible . I would not recommend this book .
 Often when developing a certain argument , some authors become so enamored by the argument that they get carried away by the beauty of their argument to the exclusion of the facts . Such is the case here.The fact is , what we have found out about the human occupation of the Western Hemisphere , both in the archaeological record for the extended period prior to Euro-American settlement -LRB- pre-1492 -RRB- , and in the early historic archaeological and ethnographic record since that time -LRB- post-1492 -RRB- , actually clearly illustrates exactly what it documents
 What I thought I was getting : A new and up-to-date view of Pre-Columbian cultures in the AmericasWhat I got :20 % Pre-Columbian cultures40 % history of Conquest and Post-Conquest Americas40 % incessant anti-European screedI have n't seen such blatantly false advertising since Beyonce showed up on TV sporting a 3-foot-long weave and claiming she colored it with L'Oreal ! I want my money back !
 Mann 's book , while entertaining , is nothing more than speculative revisionism . The book does not read very easily because it jumps around from one topic to the next without warning frequently . Mann 's intentions may have been good , but it does n't excuse the fact that you ca n't rewrite history simply to promote an idealistic view of native cultures based on circumstantial evidence . He offers no hard facts to promote his patronizing image of Native American civilizations prior to Europeanization . Nonetheless I enjoyed the book because it does offer some new or `` fresh '' perspectives into Native American cultures prior to -LRB- but mainly after -RRB- 1492 , but I treated it more as fictional entertainment rather than an authentic historical account .
 With his characterization of the entire American ecosystem as a garden carefully engineered and managed by Indians , Mann leaves out the environmental history of most of the North American continent . The dense forests of thousand year old redwoods and sitka spruce which greeted European immigrants in the Pacific Northwest were not products of American Indian slash and burn , or other agricultural management techniques . It seems that by ignoring the greater portion of North American environmental history during his narrative , it was easier for Mann to make his somewhat remedial , politically motivated point .
 All I read are history books , and I have read hundreds . I wish I hadnt read this.No doubt the author is a smart and talented man . He clearly knows his native American history . Too bad he cant just stick to that , which is what I was hoping for when I grabbed this book . The author has an annoying habit of attempting to minimize or gloss over the more disturbing aspects of certain American Indian history , areas he feels may offend our modern sensabilities . I want history , good and bad , warts and all , not apologist liberal propaganda.He leaves certain information out , and what he does not leave out , he draws an equivilent example of action or behavior from a European example , so much so that a good 40 % of the book ends up being European history , which is what I didnt want or expect.For example , and this is quite typical , he speaks of the Aztec capital -LRB- present day Mexico city -RRB- and is `` forced '' to mention , I suppose , the daily blood sacrifices by the Aztec priests , and how by most accounts it was estimated that 3 to 4 thousand people a year were killed . He does not mention that these people were men , women and children of lesser tribes , nor does he mention the gore that the whole temple was constantly bathed in at all times , and that there were other areas in the city that also had daily blood sacrifices , also dripping with organs and blood . Instead , he , as per usual , insinuates that the city was clean , and the water that surrounded the island was clean -LRB- maybe but not likely , with over 200,000 people living in and around it -RRB- and at the same time in Europe `` people were foot deep in raw sewage '' , and if you are `` horrified by 3000 or 4000 thousand people a year sacrified , just remember that in England they hung 75000 in 1 year '' . On and on , anything ugly some indigenous Indian tribe or civilization did , he has to cite a European equivilent . After a while it gets tiring . Ok we get it , you are a liberal a hole , and Indians of the Americas are better than everyone else . Conspicuously absent are any comparable Asian or African examples of atrocity , only European . He also suggests that European disease killed hundreds of millions in the Americas , which for obvious reasons , is not likely , as there are few acedemics who would even suggest that the population of the Americas in 1491 was above or even close to 300 million.He also doesnt explain how the disease he blames Europeans for spreading -LRB- and please I am not suggesting it didnt happen , that would be foolish and a lie , OF COURSE IT DID -RRB- up to 1491 didnt get spread by 7th , 8th and 9th century Irish and Norse visitors , only post Columbus visitors . Hows that ? Oh well who cares at this point with this book , he is all over the place ... Bottom line , if you want to read a liberal lunatic getting his rocks off and pay almost $ 20 bucks - then by all means by this crap .
 As many reviewers have said , this book does a good job of presenting modern thinking on the state of the Americas before European `` invasion '' . However , I find it to be a thinly disguised anti-wilderness polemic fitting in nicely with the current Republican movement against wild lands preservation , the Endangered Species Act , and other environmental efforts reversed during the last 6 years . The political undertones make it hard to accept much of the undoubtedly true recent anthropologic and archeologic work presented and ably discussed .
 If you 'd like to learn the entire hierarchy of old native american and Latin american cultures than this is the book for you . Dispersed facts about each culture that could be interesting if tied together and actually filled the book make it worth perusing . However , the book is entirely too long and filled with drivel consistent with reading a list of kings for every country in Europe for the last 3,000 years . Information about each king would be written out and spoken as fact , though when the source behind the information is given you begin forming some serious doubts about the authenticity of it all .
 content is great ! the company that sent it to me , however , did not mention that the book would come in two parts !! I was horribly dissapointed . I am however , a Social Studies Teacher and I use this book ALL the time in my discussion of Pre-conquest Americas .
 Caveat emptor . The first 1/3 of this book is about what happened to native populations in the Western Hemisphere AFTER the appearance of Europeans . It is not about the Americas before Columbus . Once again , focus on white conquerors and settlers , use the putative subjects as their foils . Mann writes very well , and the book is not dull ; but it 's not what it purports to be .
 The book cover and audio book cover can be a little misleading . Some phrases the author uses are not in the average readers linguistic base . I thought this book would be a historical examination of America before Columbus came here . I failed to realize at the time that Columbus went to Cuba and the Dominican Republic . He did n't go to America . For us who are not well read in this era the references to `` The America 's '' can be a little misleading.The book is a true scholars work . Lots of information . It is primarily about the Aztec and Incan Indians and their cultures . It does mention North American Indians but only a fraction of the book . Most of this book deals with the Indians in South America . If this is your area of interest then this book is for you ! Otherwise it may not be exactly what you are looking for .
 Mann offers some fresh insights , some or all may be valid ; however , the wandering style and lack of scholarly approach makes the book next to useless for one wanting to understand pre-Columbus America .
 Very disappointing ! This book is the ultimate in political correctness , and extremely biased against white Europeans . For example he says that the gentle Pilgrims are responsible for the ultimate slaughter of Indians . Nonsense ! The Pilgrims were invited to settle the land by the Indian chief . Governor William Bradford honored the treaty with the Indians all his life -- the only treaty white men did n't break . The pilgrims executed one of their own who killed an Indian . Under Bradford true democracy flourished all 31 years he was in office . He brought trial by jury and insisted that religious leaders stay out of office . He protected an Indian -LRB- Squanto -RRB- when the chief demanded his head . Bradford was criticized by religious leaders for not trying to convert Indians . He invited Indians , and 90 arrived , for the first American Thanksgiving . Later in his life Bradford agonized over the influx of Europeans and their mistreatment of Indians . The author includes plenty of facts but went out of his way to paint the Pilgrims as bad guys when , in fact , they were the perfect settlers , learning from the Indians , teaching them , and maintaining a wonderful partnership for decades .
 I recommend The First America
 I purchased 1491 on a whim . I had a vague notion of what the book was like having seen various references to it on the internet in the past few years . Almost all these reference were positive . It seemed like exactly the type of book I should like . It was n't . I did n't . Author Charles Mann bills the book as a synthesis of ` recent ' research which challenges three major facts about the Pre-Columbian Americas . The three sections of the book discuss these ` facts ' in turn
 If you are a serious historian , or a `` lay person '' who loves reading history but takes it seriously , you may find this book disappointing ! If you are serious about catching up on new developments in Native American history , from both continents and central America , you should look elsewhere . 1491 is too broad and lacking in detail to provide the serious history student/scholar the information they crave . Focus your attention on journal articles and books by full-time historians.If , on the other hand , you are simply looking for a one-book fix on Native histories , a broad-overview , then this book should suffice.My most serious gripe about the book is this
 This is great author but the aftertaste is that you never know where history stops and imagination begins . All fits a bit too neatly into the authors thesis . Nothing is as neat in real life .
 I selected this book based on being a best seller , and personal interest in anthropology and history . Unfortunately , the book has little focus . It is hard to tell whether this is an anthropology survey , critique current anthropology research , or the authors personal travels . The reading is very slow and tedious . For me the book went too far when when drawing connections between a current day tortilla shop with pre-columbian peoples . I had to call it quits after 200 pages into the book . The reading is agonizingly slow , and includes assumptions with little or no supporting evidence . Based on this book I no longer rely on best seller lists .
 Shangri La , that heaven on earth , is under attack . It 's the 1960s , and the Chinese army is at the height of its ideological zeal for the Cultural Revolution . Originally , that army was marching against native Tibetan culture , in an attempt at forced assimilation of the disputed territory . Legend , then clues to that edenic valley begin to emerge , and then ... I wo n't spoil the story . One family leads the hunt for Shangri La
 I have two books called sequels toLost Horizon -LRB- Hardback -RRB- . The first one I have read wasMessenger
 This is a truly horrible , boring , badly written book following 1/2 a century behind the original , which is one of my favorite novels . It is not worh reading . Read it 15 years ago , and gave it another try.It compares to the 2nd Lost Horizon movie , which was equally underwhelming.Bill Harris
 Nice to have all the texts together in one place , but errors have been injected throughout . A footnote to Ihering , `` Geist des roemischen Rechts , '' becomes `` romsichen Recht '' ; a quote from Ronald Dworkin , with the note from Robert Cover `` emphasis in original , '' has the emphasis left out -LRB- it was the word `` meaning '' -RRB- . In other words , the editors have taken texts almost entirely available on Westlaw and had them retyped with many errors . Wait for the second edition , or at least do n't touch the hardcover .
 As someone else said , well written , but I only mean the sentence structure in this case . The entire book goes back and forth on dates and people so much that there is no timeline structure , and therefore impossible to get a better understanding of the events after reading it than before . It reads more like a soap opera giving name after name with one anecdote after another but with no clear overall picture.Having so much jumbled information with such a heavy mixture of what I believe to be personal opinion `` facts , '' such as the opening chapters reliance on `` sources '' focusing almost entirely on how the English and Americans thought that the Russians were nothing more than animals , makes this a book that does not seem like a very reliable source of information.Personally , I prefer the historical books that have a well written timeline with a much less emotional focus , such as the Winston Churchill books on WW2 events or the XX system of 1939-45 . They may have biases etc , but they are not mostly about trivial opinions and people in an unstructured timeline .
 A Comparative History of world philosophy is a tour de force in the presentation of world philosophy . The text goes beyond the usual depiction of Western philosophy as the main and only available philosophy in the world . However , A Comparative History of World Philosophy , in its attempt to overcome the marginalizing exposition of the West , erases or African philosophy from world philosophy . I do not want to raise the bete noire of philosophical discussion here , that is , the authenticity of African philosophy . If there is any philosophy at all , there must be African philosophy ; and if there is a text on world philosophy , that text must contain a section on African Philosophy . As the author may very well know -LRB- see Black Athena -RRB- , western civilization has its roots in Africa . I have made this remarks that the author may reconsider his exposition in the next edition of the text because he/she will actually help professors who want to teach world philosophy with a more global bent than the Eastern and Western .
 This little booklet , sponsored by the logging industry , tries to be a response to The Lorax in every fashion
 I finally stopped studying to write this review when the second problem in a row had a major error.The first problem -LRB- # 11.1 -RRB- was a fourier series problem which did not define the amplitude of the function and wanted you to produce an rms value for a particular term . This is rather easy to do as a function of the maximum but somehow the book magically produced an exact rms value which is independant of this maximum value . After pulling my hair out a while I discovered that the author had copied an equation from a previous example which did not apply here.Once I was confident enough that it was not I who was mistaken I went on to problem 11.2 . This problem has you finding the fourier series of a function shown in exhibit 11.2 . There is no exhibit 11.2 , the only exhibit in the chapter is exhibit 11.1 . Without this exhibit , the problem is impossible . As best as I can tell from the answer they mean for you to use exhibit 11.1 for problem 11.2 . On the plus side I learned a lot about fourier series by checking him . On the minus side , it was really frustrating and confusing .
 Having dealt with the Lindeburg/PPI books and their extremely sparse coverage of electrical topics , i figured that this often-overpriced text from a company i do n't trust would be the better option . While it does cover a larger range of topics , the nomenclature and variable usage may be different than what some people are used to . That 's not so much of a problem in itself . One is expected to encounter such variation between books or disciplines as they progress through education and different professional environments.What is a problem is the fact that , on average , every problem set has at least one giant error . Most of these are show-stopping errors involving omitted information , incorrect markup or symbols -LRB- 10 &#8800; 10 &#937; -RRB- or incorrect or unfounded assumptions made by the solution -LRB- the first problem set assumes that a dependent voltage source is a current source instead -RRB- . Assuming only one such error per problem set , that would imply an approximate 20 % of the problems in this book are messed up and will result in confusion and time wasted . Maybe you 'll learn something by proving yourself right , but i hardly consider that a product feature.The sample exam is heavy with ridiculously ambiguous problem statements , incorrect answers , and the general lack of editing and proper notation -LRB- and lack of requisite parentheses -RRB- that makes the review sections so incredibly frustrating.Nobody needs to pay hundreds of dollars to learn to doubt themselves when they are correct . That is not what education is about . That is what predatory educational publishing rackets are about .
 I wish I had known that this was written entirely in German before I ordered it .
 I read the entire book in three hours . This book seemed to have too much fluff added to it to make it worth reading . She seemed to say the same thing over and over . I pretty much skipped 3 of the end chapters . I 'm guessing the last 5 or 6 chapters have deal with her time at Escuala Caribe . Unfortunately , the are all pretty much the same thing . Mental abuse , physical punishments , etc. . Ok we got the point after the first two chapters at the school . They were abusive and you wanted out.This book definitely made you hate her parents . In the acknowledgement she talks about her sisters , but she never mentions what happened to her parents or her other brothers . All in all it had interesting parts , but was definitely not one of those books that you just ca n't put down .
 I am halfway through this book and I 'm not sure if I plan on finishing it . Two stars to the author for writing the book and releasing the painful memories , but I just ca n't get past her cold and emotionless writing style.Edited to say
 Anyone who 's been to Lafayette , IN knows this story streches the truth ... a lot ! In one part , the author claims that the students at Harrison High School have `` probably never seen a real live black person before . '' -LRB- pg 6 -RRB- . Really ? Because I know some African Americans who have graduated from Harrison !! I 'm not saying Lafayette is not over 1/2 white -LRB- it is -RRB- but Scheeres should stick to fiction , because this book can hardly be called a `` memoir '' . It 's another ` million little pieces ' , a `` memoir '' that 's ` spiced up ' with fiction to sell more books .
 This is just another memoir written for shock value . Just like `` A Million Little Pieces '' incidents are embellished and exaggerated to gain sympathy from the reader . It is not believable , and certainly not accurate . Reader Beware !
 I found this book -LRB- the first edition , 2003 -RRB- in an apartment I 'm renting in Jerusalem . It 's quite interesting and well-written . However , the author seems to have been rather sloppy in her research . I noticed at least two gross factual inaccuracies in details about the Orthodox communities in chapter 9 , and this in turn calls into question whether the other information in the book is supported by the facts.On page 176 -LRB- 2003 edition -RRB- , Rosenthal describes how '' -LSB- s -RSB- oon after independence , Prime Minister Ben-Gurion agreed to Rabbi -LSB- E.M. -RSB- Schach 's and other rabbis ' requests to free haredi scholars of military obligation . '' Ben-Gurion 's primary interlocutor on this issue was actually Rabbi A.Y. Karelitz -LRB- known as the Hazon Ish -RRB- , the leading Lithuanian haredi rabbi of his day in Israel ; the story of their meeting is quite well known in haredi circles , even to school-age children.Again on page 188 -LRB- 2003 edition -RRB- , she writes
 This book reflects a reality in Israel to which you - the reader - are an unsuspecting party
 Multiple pages missing ie , blank.Had taken this book on vacation to Spain and was disappointed as I could not completely read few stories The pages were blank.Fist bad experience of a purchase from Amazon .
 I returned the book because it was only the text . There are NO illustrations . Part of the charm of the book are the illustrations .
 This copy of the story is very poorly published -LRB- my version is from Hard Press -RRB- . One example - there is a TOC -LRB- table of contents -RRB- with about 67 chapters listed -LRB- a recollection , as I have already returned my book -RRB- . The chapter titles in the TOC do not correspond with the titles at the beginning of the chapters , but to a description of each chapter . All of the chapters listed in the TOC are not in the book , there are only about 44 in the book , only the first part of The Story of Mankind . I sent mine back and will look for a different edition .
 Hendrik Willem Van Loon was one of those marvelous authors who can make history come alive for young people . But when I ordered `` The Story of Man '' , I had no idea the full-color illustrations and maps he designed to accompany the text were missing . Instead I got an A4-sized bound copy that advertised on the cover `` High Quality Paperback '' . Hardly . The font is suitable only for manuscripts , not finished books , and the type is so light it 's hard to see the text . Curiously , the editors used -LRB- sic -RRB- to point out mistakes in the original copy , but added many typos of their own , which of course were left untouched . But much worse is the missing maps and illustrations , which are an intimate part of the story . For example , his chapter on how hieroglyphics were invented and developed is incomprehensible without the four accompanying illustrations . It is worth reading his spirited histories -LRB- there are many of them -RRB- and contemplating his frequent original observations -- if you can get the illustrated version . It 's a pity that of all the books the publishers could choose from , they picked this one and then left out what makes it special .
 Van Loon 's book has been a staple of family reading hour for decades , and more recently it has received renewed circulation among homeschooling families . Originally written in 1921 , this story of civilization has been continuously updated , not always profitably . What 's below is an excerpt from the current edition : `` The civil rights movement escaped another defeat when the Reagan administration 's attempt to grant tax exemptions to schools that discriminate against blacks failed . The economic future of young blacks remained bleak , as they continued to suffer the highest unemployment rate in the United States , while the government reduced many of the welfare programs that had helped the poor subsist . `` Readers seeking a less partisan history are advised to find an older edition or to obtain E.H. Gombrich 's excellentA Little History of the World , recently released by Yale University Press in an English edition .
 While I appreciate the daunting task of putting all that history into one volume , you 'll find this book to be like the old adage more `` His story '' than history . The writer 's personal value system shines through the book as he interprets his view of history . One interesting rant about his major premonition about the Roman Empire and how it was defeated by a child in Bethlehem . Other than a giving us a few vague moral lessons , Van Loon gave us no insight of what Jesus Christ did that was so revolutionary to topple the largest superpower ever . Could you give us a bit of depth ? I do n't get it .
 Calling this a history of `` mankind '' was meant , tongue-in-cheek , as a joke , right ? Any student of history perusing the Table of Content of this title would know how misappropriately titled and conceived this book was.That said , there are two principal criticisms one can level at it
 If you are a Jew , Islamist Christian or just somebody that appreciates accurate history and science , than this book will be offensive to you . I encourage you to read it for yourself to see what I mean , but you will not want your children to read it.Depending on the maturity of your children , this book could be used as a tool to teach your children correctly . Here 's how
 I really like the selections that get the Newbery awards so it was a real dissapointment when I tried to read this book . The style of writing did not grab hold of me and I found the author 's opinions annoying . Althogether a waste of money .
 If you are a practicing Islamist , Jew or Christian then you will not want to let your children read this book . It will offend your religious values and beliefs.Even if you are not , be forwarned as well , because this book is also full of poor science and historical mistakes.You should read this book before your child ever see it . Then decide for yourself .
 This book is no longer being printed the old-fashioned way . This version is now a just-in-time book . Which means ALL THE ILLUSTRATIONS ARE MISSING . Even the ones that are necessary for the text to make sense . This version of this book is a total rip off . Some one got really sloppy and did n't deliver a complete file for printing . I recommend buying a used version of this book .
 I just bought this book to use as a portion of our homeschool history curricullum . However this versionof the book -LRB- ISBN-13
 The expert charms of `` The Story of Mankind '' are negated by it 's fount of misinformation . It is a too typical mis-history , spawned from the British school of `` let 's white-out the real genocidal history of Protestantism '' . I am reviewing the 1984 edition . Despite its wonderful presentation , this book is too radical and too slanted to be recommended as a properly balanced source for use in educating children.Uniformed Catholic bashing is ubiquitous in our Anglosphere . I realize many will think I am mistaken in my opinion However no one should excuse jingoistic historical amnesia , no matter how commonly it is accepted.For example , the sadistic exploits of `` Bloody Elizabeth '' are swept under the rug . An a small antidote to this book 's unbalanced Catholic versus Protestant view of British history , I might recommend the recent book , `` God 's Secret Agents
 Maybe because it was written for his children , and although it provides good summarized historic events , I found the author to be too opinionated on such matters that should be historically evidenced ...
 I was very disappointed when I realized that this version does not contain the illustrations or maps . I had planned on my fifth grader using this for history .
 The first 100 pages of this book are entertaining . He writes in a way that keeps you interested up to a point . I am an avid reader and this book took me many months to finish . I did n't even want to finish it but always feel compelled to do so . History repeats itself and after so many chapters of war I just did n't care anymore . After reading this book I felt that desiring peace in a time of war is hardly possible . Looking back over our history made this clear-humans , power , and violence go hand in hand .
 This should be titled `` Loons ' Opinion of Western Mankind ; at times based on historical fact . '' India and China are briefly mentioned in the chapter `` Buddhism and Confusianism '' and we do n't hear anything from China until 1939 . Africa ? Not even in the index . I bought this because it was required for a history curriculum I was considering . We will be using something else . Only buy this if you are weary of screaming at your television , and would like to try screaming at a book instead . If you know anything about history , this book will make you Crazy as a Loon .
 Hello to all those who have read this book . After reading your reviews abour this book i felt i must say something . WHy are you so set against God and Christianity ? One of you said this book was what made him rejest Christianity . Christianity is not some weird religion , it is the faith that Jesus Christ died for all humans , who He loves so much . Where are you going after you die ? Christ is waiting for you to call to Him and ask for eternal life . The Bible isnt some whack job scribbling stuff down , it is God inspired . There are more manuscripts and texts to prove the Bible is real and written by those who claimed to write it . there are more manuscripts than that of Homer 's The Odyssey , yet we regard that as true . So the Gospels werent written right after the disciples were with Jesus , but they were written at a time when those people could still remember their times with Christ . I am going to wrap it up now , but if you want to hear the real TRUTH , read God 's Word . If you do n't believe that , there are so many books that so the incredible evidence for the Bible . The Age of Reason was written by a man who hated Christianity . PLease do not just accept his writing without looking at the BIble . Jesus Christ loves you , and he longs for you to accept Him so He can change your life and give you the awesome gift of eternal life with Him . Thank you !
 Paine who failed out of school at the age of 12 was not one of the best thinkers of all time . He joined the American Revoluntion immediately prior to its onset , and he met with the founding fathers and expressed the ideas of the American people of the time in Common Sense . Because of the fame he received from Common Sense he attempted to influence Christian nation he was living in . Although some of the other founding fathers were also deist , Paine 's writtings in the Age of Reason -LRB- which contradicts his earlier statements -RRB- lead to his downfall . He attempted to take advantage of his limited fame and failed.Some of Paine 's arguments state that he ca n't accept the revelations of others because he can not be assured of THEIR credibility . This comes from a man that failed out of school at 12 years old , failed at every job he attempted , and is only remembered for his statements in support of the American Revolution , which he only was apart of for a few years before it took place.Much of Paine 's arguments contain fallacies . His belief of an Age of Reason is not supported by logical or reasoning abilities . One example is the logical fallacy Post Hoc Ergo Propter Hoc -LRB- after this therefore because of this -RRB- . One of Paine 's arguments is that Satan was punished by being sent to a pit ; Paine then states that the Greek god Jupiter punished his opponent -LRB- giants -RRB- by confining one under a mountain -LRB- Paine claims resulted in volcanoes -RRB- . Paine claims that BECAUSE the legend of Jupiter imprisoning his rival allegedly preceded the concept of Satan being imprisoned that the Christian belief in Satan must have been derived out of the Jupiter legend . Paine 's assumption excludes the fact that earthy crimes committed throughout all ages have had punishment or prison associated with them , and the claim that the Jews would have had to study Greek mythology to create their own beliefs is a complete hypothesis on Paine 's part.Paine 's statements are wishy-washy to say the least . He makes statements that the Bible is only hearsay and has no merit , and then at other times makes statements based on Biblical passages as though they were a matter of fact . He states that Jesus was a great teacher , and that he -LRB- Paine -RRB- is going to stick with the philosophy of Thomas -LRB- doubting Thomas -RRB- and demand to see proof of everything . If Paine 's theories were true that the Bible was only hearsay , he would have no way of judging what Jesus taught as his -LRB- Paine 's -RRB- beliefs do not allow for Jesus or Thomas to have even existed.A very interesting thing to note about Paine 's beliefs is that if you apply his beliefs to his own work then you would PROVE in Paine 's view point that HE never existed . Paine states that you can not believe that Paul wrote the books of the New Testament attributed to him therefore the Bible is not true . This same principle can be applied to Paine 's work to challenge Paine 's very existence . None of us personally met Paine or verified that his writings were his own ; we only have writings that we are told were written by Thomas Paine by others , and that the writings contained Paine 's beliefs . If you apply this type of reasoning to Paine 's own work then you would have to conclude that Paine 's work might be a complete fabrication , and that there is no proof that he even lived that does not come from hearsay or documentation of other men.In LIFE AND WRITINGS OF THOMAS PAINE it says
 By all means read this book , if you want to hear the skeptical side , but dont take it seriously . Paine argues that since the bible was given to us he has no knowledge of that personally and thus has no reason to accept it as being true . Obviously Paine cant believe anything anyone tells him . After all , why stop at the bible ? He then argues about the supposed contradictions in Genesis . One that comes to mind , is that he claims that light was created before the sun , and hence is a contradiction . But the bible does not mention that the light was from the sun , it simply said there was a light . Which could have been Gods presence . All his other arguments can all be easily refuted , by anyone who has even a little knowledge of theology . He then claims that the God of the bible doesnt exist , but he replaces him with the deistic God . This God has all the great attributes except knowledge . Is there anything more ridiculous ? God is perfect being . He can not be lacking in any perfection , least of all knowledge . This book is a glaring example of the authors ignorance . However , what is even more shocking is the high reviews this book has received .
 After all I 'd heard about Thomas Paine , and after all the quotes I 'd read against Christianity from his book , I had always assumed that Paine was an atheist , or at least agnostic . But when I picked up this book I was surprised to discover that he was a Deist . -LRB- On the first page he writes
 I was challenged to read this by a friend and thought it would bring up some intersting questions to debate . I was hugely disappointed with the quality of Paine 's arguments . It was written before the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls and without the benefit of modern scholarship , so the arguments are antiquated . It is more of a rant than a scholarly essay on reason . It 's probably something people should read simply because Paine is so well-respected , but I recommend something by William Lane Craig instead .
 I feel that many of Paine 's comments and conclusions in ` The Age of Reason ' are irrational , and are quite UN-reasonable . One such example is Paine 's refutation of the four gospels . He highlights the cosmetic contradictions that exist in the gospels and concludes
 If anyone sincerely thinks that Christianity can be undermined with a dated pile of poop like Paine 's effort here , then it 's time people started wizening up to reality.The weakest argument I have ever heard is the argument against `` faith '' . Faith is inherent to the human condition . The only way anybody would have a faith-free understanding is to be infallible - to know everything , which is a characteristic given only to God.Christians believe in Christ , not on account of any authority , but because He Himself instils such faith in us . True faith is when someone finds something deep , and experiences it as being REAL . If another has not searched for or discovered it , or has not experienced it , then so be it . But there is nothing more closed-minded or dogmatic than to assert that the Christian faith is `` wrong '' . `` In the beginning was the Word '' . If you believe `` In the beginning was ` nothing ' '' then that is your faith . If you believe `` The Universe just IS '' then that is your faith.Jesus Christ just IS . That is the Christian faith . If God , who exists beyond the framework of science itself , dwelt within Jesus Christ 2000 years ago as an act of the ultimate sacrifice of all time , then would you really expect a scientist to come and prove it?The quote `` If we can not accept the Bible , then we can not accept Christainity '' is one of the most narrow minded assertions I 've ever heard . Who can not accept the Bible ? Thomas Paine ? Just because Paine can not accept the Bible means Christianity is debunked ? If anyone does n't understand the Bible , then it 's Paine.He takes figures of speeches ' literally , he reads deep spiritual themes as if it were a physician 's text book ; he chalks up numerous passages as `` contradictions '' as much as he would say a parent is self-contradictory for allowing a child to eat with his fingers while demanding an older child to use a fork and spoon.Should we be expected to rely on the authority of skeptics and the likes of people who deny the necessity of ` faith ' , when the matter concerns the source from which believers are to draw the truth for their lives?Let 's start getting real . Let 's start growing up in faith . And as for little Tommy Paine ? God bless his sweet little soul .
 Rather than ask you to listen to my opinion of Paine 's book , listen to what the Founding Fathers who knew him said about it : Ben Franklin wrote to Paine after reading the manuscript
 This is the place for book reviews -- Not religious or non-religious opinion airing . Stick to the books , not Christian bashing , please .
 The greatest thing about `` The Age of Reason '' is that it makes the reader think rather than blindly follow the herd . However , there are serious problems with the book from there on out that make it inherenty untenable.Consider Paine 's argument that he ca n't accept the Bible because it is someone else 's revelation and therefore hearsay -- using this logic , we ca n't accept what Paine says as fact because the ideas presented are his own revelation to himself , meaning that it 's all hearsay to us , his readers.Furthermore , Paine 's argument in favor of `` reason '' in accepting or rejecting religion is fatally flawed . First of all , subscribing to a supernatural belief system , by its very nature , is an act of faith -- reason is not even relevant when you 're taking something on faith . And secondly , Paine himself is relying on faith rather than reason when he claims that God is evident through the creation of nature . How does he know God made nature ? Where is his proof ? How does he know it did n't get there all by some great cosmic accident ? The answer is
 I rate it as a very interesting critique of the Bible . He is very critical of the Bible as a history book . He is shocked by all the violence . I think he is correct . However , he has not found anything in the book that is worth taking seriously . I 'm not sure if I agree with him . I still like to read the Bible .
 This book does n't give much explanations and for a reason
 What a difference a year makes in digital photography ! Or 5 years come to that . Having bought the book , 50 Fast Digital Photo Techniques , it was immediately clear that the techniques and tips were aimed at beginning photoshop workers . Nothing wrong with that . However , by today 's standards , there are many more attractive books on the market that do the same thing so much better and with much better quality illustrations and colour photgraphs . I found the tips a bit ` old hat ' and the illustrations very old hat , the sort of tips and techniques you could easily pick up in an hour 's search on the net , AND with better colour examples.Still , to keep things in perspective , the book IS 5 years old and it shows.Buy it if you want a cheap second-hand book for your shelf . Otherwise , you can do much , much better with the scores of other visually attractive beginner/intermediate books on today 's market .
 I have a Gateway Computer with Windows XP , 512 ram and 80 GB hard drive . This book is not up-to-date to handle Windows XP because the instructions from each chapter do not allow you to follow the directions . An example
 This book concentrates on nothing at all that I could find . Information on lighting , color and composition , angle , equipment are just rushed through , and leaves you holding the bag , so to speak . All the information that you NEED to know is left out , where information that anyone who has used a camera for more than a month already should know , is covered throughout the entire book , chapter after chapter . Useless book , unless you are an ABSOLUTE BEGINNER and have never seen a digital camera operated before , buy something else . Oh , and the included software is only good when you uninstall it.I do n't like getting ripped off , and after purchasing this book , I 'll never buy anything who was associated with this obviously slapped together POS . And I do n't think you can call `` take the photos again if you do n't like them '' a technique . Which is mentioned in the book about 50 times ... YIKES .
 Looking at the book 's cover and at the now defunct editor 's description , there was no indication this book was primarily aimed at - and indeed was written for - Photoshop Elements users . The copy said it was also for Photoshop users but it only covers through version 6 and the introduction says using applications other than Elements for the actions described may not work.I 've not used Elements so I have no idea whether the book will be helpful there . It 's certainly not helpful for me.I 'm a professional using Photoshop CS and thought some of the tips might be worthwhile . I also use PaintShopPro 8 . I thought some of this book might be worthwhile for me but I 'm nothing but dissapointed .
 I really ca n't recommend this book - the information is dated and succeeds in very few places . There 's 50 examples here , but they 're so elementary that you ca n't really call them `` techniques '' . I think the `` help '' search menu in Elements could do the same job.I bought this book hoping to learn some techniques to better my digital darkroom , but the book was so poorly organized and assembled , I was left feeling jipped . For example , the author might as well have left all the b & w example images off his pages - the center color examples are better , but really should 've been intermixed with the corresponding chapters . I 'd look at the example images and since they were in b & w , you often could n't tell the difference between the before and after images.Also , nearly 5-10 of his techniques are basically about applying filters . Ooh great , go to filter-sharpening - wabam . Thanks , but that 's not why I thought I was buying the book.Perhaps I 'm being too harsh on this book , but I really ca n't escape the feeling that something just was n't `` right '' with the way this book flowed . When I finished it , I felt it had low quality production value written all over it .
 As a beginning student who was not in a formal classroom setting , I was n't too fond of it . While the text does have some good qualities , I ca n't recommend it . The format had an outdated 1970 's look to it -- seems to have been printed from a typewritten manuscript with the accents added by hand . This is harder on the eyes than newer textbooks with bullet lists , shaded textboxes and wider margins to help guide the eyes.My biggest gripe is with its presentation of the verbs . The first chapter to deal with verbs covers the entire system of Greek verbs . Subsequent chapters do break it down , but still much too compact for my needs . I 'd like to see more examples , especially contrasting the tenses ; also want more coverage of participles , infinitives ... everything.Text is best suited for someone in linguistics wanting an overview of NT Greek , or as a review grammar . Beginners should look elsewhere - or at least have a second grammar on hand to compare -LRB- e.g. Mounce - Basics of Biblical Greek Grammar -RRB- .
 This review focuses on the Kindle reading experience of this e-book , rather than on the literary merits of the e-book . In a word , the Kindle experience is dreadful . Do n't waste your money on this e-book . The poor -LRB- non-existent ? -RRB- post-scan editing of the e-book means it has plenty of errors . This criticism is equally true of every other low-priced e-book I have bought from Amazon.More importantly , none of the numerous end notes can be immediately accessed in the same one-click way you can look up the meaning of a word using the Kindle dictionary.To get to any desired end note , the reader has to use the Kindle 's clunky , frustrating `` Go To Location '' functionality in a laborious trial and error process . Kindle `` locations '' have no obvious relation to actual pages , which makes the search process even more frustrating.But why get so worked up about end notes ? Why not just ignore them?Unfortunately you ca n't just ignore the end notes if you want to appreciate all the nuances of the plays in this e-book . The plays are full of topical references to Greek gods , to notable figures of the time and to current affairs - all of which would be well known to contemporary audiences . Without that knowledge the modern reader simply can not appreciate much of the worth of these tragedies.Most readers of ancient classics are not just casual readers . They have a different motivation and will certainly want to access end notes to help them get as much out of the text as they can.The end notes are invaluable in providing all the needed explanatory background to appreciate the jokes and allusions . And there are hundreds of end notes , so it is obvious how important they are.Exactly the same criticism can be made of any other e-book with end notes - or of any e-book where the reader wants to refer frequently and quickly to different parts of the e-book to consult maps , diagrams , tables and the like.Kindles are great for reading slabs of text from beginning to end , but frustratingly hopeless for reading books where you want to refer frequently to different parts of a book .
 I was underwhelmed . It 's a fairly general treatise , and printed on low contrast paper , so it 's difficult reading . The National Psoriasis group provides the same information for free . For a fresh look , try someone like Pagano .
 Zig Ziglar strongly insinuates that we need to accept Jesus as our savior to be truly happy and successful . I think he should change the title of this book to `` Christianity for Dummies . '' I have no interest in his religious preachings but I got one from this book in a very annoying undertone .
 This is supposed to be a `` For Dummies '' book , but it is long winded and full of unnecessary `` filler '' . Due to the length and unnecessary content , it is extremely difficult to find the pertinent information in the book . The author has taken a subject that could have been written in a fifth the number of pages , and over complicated it . The length and structure of this book is such that it makes it impractical to derive the required knowledge from it . Do not waste your money , and more importantly , your time on this book .
 This book is an incredible pile of transparent , self-righteous , right wing extremist propaganda . It is a shame that a publisher that normally produces books that are so universally useful should come out with something like this . It advocates Christianity -LRB- use the bible as your business guide -RRB- and sexual abstinence as requirements for success . It uses pathetic examples and gives no real practical advice . You got to read this to believe what trash it is . A book that truly challenges the 1st Amendment ! Pity I had to give it a star .
 The author states that one can get what one wants by helping others get what they want.He not from big city , is he ?
 This installment in the Young Wizards Seris was an imense disappointment . There was a number of reasons for this.Firstly Dairane did not make a good viewpoint character , and she did not change or develop in any way . She starts as an overconfident brat and ends that way as well . Int the long run making her come to terms with not becoming a wizard would have made for a much more interesting character then what we got , the Super Brat who can take on the Lone power head on and win.In this book magic does not have a price , Even Nita and Kit approach things like pulp action heros rather then the children they are . There is no fear , no doubt that they will win , and no price to be paid at the end.By the end of the book the battle against entropy , which can not be won , has been won . leaving behind nothing but shadows of evil.This time I 'm not rushing to get to the next book , They have defeated the main event , what trouble could the shadows cause?There was nothing to make me keep reading here , no suspense , no danger , Nothing more then pulp action . And in the end I found myself pulled out of the world of the story . My suspension of disbelief broken as the very laws of the Universe that Duane took pains to create were undone in a single chapter .
 I really liked the first two wizardry books , so this one was a bad disappointment . The fanasty world of the first two seemed to have turned into a science fiction universe which was boring and unimaginative . The story was hard to follow and it was very annoying having Dairine as the main character as I never liked her and did n't want her to become a wizard . Rather then this bad end to a good trilogy I would prefer to think of So You Want to Be a Wizard and Deep Wizardry as a book and its sequel . The only reason I finished this book is because I wanted to read the whole trilogy-otherwise , it just was n't intresting .
 I am an older reader who enjoyed the Harry Potter books and I thought this series might be fun to read . I was very disappointed.On page 102 the author states , in third person narrative , that 1 -RRB- the earth spins at 17,000 mph , 2 -RRB- the earth travels in its orbital path at 175,000 mph and 3 -RRB- that the sun travels at 115,000 mph . These are all grossly incorrect . 1 -RRB- should be 1040 mph . 2 -RRB- should be 67,000 mph , and 3 -RRB- is 490,000 mph.Some may consider this unimportant . But why should readers be exposed to ` facts ' that seem to be just made up . Scientific facts are not trivia . On page 145 the author uses light-years as a unit of time . This is the mark of a true ignoramus.Everything else about this book is at this level . The plot , the descriptions , the action sequences would barely get a C - in freshman English . How did this get in print ?
 I enjoyed the first two books in this series very much and was dissapointed by this installment . Diane Duane does not usually give easy answers to her moral dilemmas but in this story both the dilemma and the story were too easy and the story dragged down by the rather overtly gooey overtone.As a convicted Christian I find the idea that the ` lone power ' ie satan can be redeemed repellent - this stuff is poisoning kid 's minds . This sequel was obviously written to milk the orginal concepts and make a bit more money and I think I would admire Diane Duane infinitely more if she had stuck to her integrity as an author .
 This book . What can I say ? If the theology/morality was n't so pointless , affectated and plain ridiculous -LRB- more on that in a second -RRB- , it would still be a crime against humanity on the part of the publishers.The writing style is banal , flat and unimaginative , the characterisation is poorly thought out and unbelievable -LRB- Dairine suddenly transforms into a different person halfway through the book , and the parrot/goddess ... do n't get me started . Nita and Kit are as they always were , in their ways and in their relations with each other , and the Lone Power , unbelievably , goes through a completely ludicrous character change . -RRB- Also , it has a falsely sentimental overtone , the jokes are childish and - well , it just ... all round.About the theology . It 's just rehashed Judeo-Christian philosophy with a little boring physics and calculus thrown in . Pu-lease . In short , just read something else .
 I am tired of reading reviews that rate the book simply based upon the reviewers bias whether it be pro-evolution or against . For that reason , I have found it necessary to write a review that actually discusses the contents of the book.Doubts was originally Thomas Woodward 's doctoral thesis which was then turned into a book . He seeks to explain the origins of the ID movement . He makes it clear that one of his main goals is to show that ID is based on sound scientific data rather than an attempt to repackage creationism , as it is often accused . I picked up this book because I was hoping for a unbiased approach to ID . I was hoping to first read a book without any bias that could set the stage for future study . Unfortunately , that is not what I found in Doubts . It 's quite possible that I may never find a book of this nature with such a polarizing topic as evolution.I will first tell the things that I like about Doubts . Although I believe that evolution should be taught , I do have a number of doubts regarding it . There are a lot of issues that have not yet been settled in my mind regarding its truthfulness . I agree with the ID people in that there does n't seem to be enough transitional fossils . I can understand how a wolf and a dog might be related , or even a dog and a cat , but I find it difficult to relate an animal with a fully-functioning digestive system with an animal like an earthworm . Doubts succeeded in presenting even more such issues . In truth , Doubts did not present any issues , but rather it spoke of the issues brought forth by others such as Behe , Johnson , and Denton -LRB- to name but a few -RRB- . I definitely have a lot of questions that beg to be answered by the Darwinists.Doubts also succeeded in bringing to light the dogmatic nature displayed by some of the Darwinists . It is unfortunate , but clearly evident , that some scientists use Darwinism as a method of justifying their atheism . If scientists forward a view/theory based not on empirical evidence but rather upon philosophical predilection , then they are guilty of the same dogmatism they decry in the creationists . When scientists start pushing atheism , they have left the realm of science and entered into the realm of religion . Science is ill-equipped at dealing with the existence or non-existence of deity . Previously , I was under the impression that scientists generally observed this delineation , but Doubts has caused me to question whether science is doing a good enough job of minding its own business.Lastly , Doubts succeeds in pointing out the key issue of this whole debate . Ultimately , the question is the axiom of naturalism held by science . Naturalism requires that science only investigate natural cause and effect . Naturalism precludes science from making theories that involve deity , for deity lies outside of this natural sphere . The ID movement claims that naturalism impedes science and that non-naturalist theories should be allowed . Evolution finds this to be ridiculous . But ultimately , that is the issue at stake.Having given my positive views of Doubts , I ultimately feel that it is a poor book . Since it was adapted from a doctoral dissertation , it suffers from the thick over-inflated writing style that is so common in the scientific community . Things that could have been stated in a few simple words are expressed in a long string of obfuscated gibberish . The author finds it necessary to constantly explain the value of analogy and various other methods of rhetoric ad nauseum.Poor writing is excusable , especially in a scholarly work , but blatant bias is not excusable . Woodward claims to be writing an unbiased history of ID , but one needs not dig too deep to find his strong pro-ID bias . Again and again I was approached with examples of Woodward presenting rebuttals by the ID movement while failing to give the Darwinists the same opportunity . Successes of ID were inflated with superlatives while their failures were glazed over as quickly as possible as if one of his doctoral had required he include their mention . I can never trust a work that claims to be unbiased when they can admit no fault with one side , yet that is what is presented in Doubts.He also fails to effectively defend his primary thesis , that ID is a scientific movement rather than a theistic movement . Woodward goes out of his way to point out ways in which ID uses empirical evidence for their anti-evolutionary stance . Nevertheless , he fails to point out the dichotomy induced by such things as the wedge theory . The wedge theory is where Stephen Johnson -LRB- one of the founders of ID -RRB- states out-right that the long-term goal of ID is to get theistic principles taught in schools and universities . Again and again , through Woodward 's own representation of the facts it feels that the ID movement is simply trying to conceal a strong theistic motive under the shroud of empirical validity . I agree with the judge of the Dover case , when he ruled that ID is simply a thin-veiled attempt at bringing God back into science.Once again , I should note that I believe in Intelligent Design in a theistic sense . I believe that God created the universe and that God 's hand is in the evolution and continued existence of this world . Nevertheless , I believe that science has no business dabbling in non-naturalistic explanations to natural phenomenon . Such explorations provide us with nothing.Therefore , I do not recommend this book . If you want to get the ID view , read a book by the founders of ID . Read one of the books that are unabashedly biased , rather than a book that tries to hide its bias . I have no problem with a book being biased . Any book trying to put forth a particular argument is going to be , by necessity , heavily laden with bias . Rather than read this book , read Darwin on Trial or Of Pandas and People . Doubts does little more than explain the contents of those books .
 It 's hard to imagine how anyone could view this book as an objective history of the Intelligent Design movement . Thomas Woodward has taken men who have had no effect on the practice of science and uncritically lionized them as martyrs to a revolution that is n't happening.Aside from that , the writing style is overbearingly florid and grandiloquent . It 's clear Woodward is enamoured of the men of whom he is writing , and has written this book with the intent of being the first to write a history of a movement he is convinced will have great influence in the future . Unfortunately for Woodward and his friends , one hundred years from now the ID movement will be little more than a footnote in history , along with phrenology , cold fusion , crystal power , and other ideas which have no basis in evidence or logic .
 Believing in `` intelligent design '' theory as a median between two extremes is like being a little bit pregnant ; intelligent design theory is no more rational than extreme creationism.Don ' t waste your time reading about pseudo-science .
 The sad reality is that year after year fewer American students are going into the fields of science and the best students -LRB- and teachers -RRB- are increasingly brought in from overseas . Most recently non-citizens in the U.S. have received more Phds in the sciences and engineering than citizens.The fact that -LRB- un - -RRB- intelligent design is given a sounding board or that idiots like Phd theologians are pining on scientific theory shows how far we 've fallen behind . In a generation or two moronic ID theories will vie hand in hand with New Age idiot beliefs while leadership in real science and technology migrates to Europe and Asia.Shame .
 To understand intelligent design you have to understand the political and psychological position that the United States is at . `` Intelligent Design '' and `` Christian Science '' are concepts needed to create the Orwellian Society that the US establishment needs to propagate their position as a superpower.Guys , open your eyes , you 're being lied to . How come you 're the only ones not seeing it ?
 Intelligent Design is , ultimately , an intellectually dead end . This is the large elephant in the living room of Mr. Woodward and Mr. Johnson . What is the practical use of a theory such as this ? In what ways does it lead to expanding humankind 's knowledge ? To simply avoid answering this adds nothing to the `` argument '' for intelligent design . What great predictions will I.D. give us in the end ? I find this history lacking in that it provides no real reason to use I.D. as a productive approach to science .
 The reading is very monotonous as the reader says the names of each part before the part is read . It drives my students as well as myself crazy . We get through the reading faster by just reading the parts ourselves . I was very disappointed with the purchase .
 The reader of this story was hard to follow because there was no difference in the voice of each charater . I found this hard to listen to and understand , sorry !
 The Arkangel audio CD 's of Shakespeare 's plays have an outstanding reputation . Most are really first rate and are quite enjoyable to listen to . Hamlet , MacBeth and Julius Caesar are very well done , complete plays well interpreted . Which is all the more baffling as to why Othello and Merchant of Venice are so notably bad . The overall productions and main players seem to have been chosen to project caricature rather than serious adaptation . That may be a fair point in a class room , but these two plays deserve a serious presentation .
 First , I 'll own up
 I bought this recording with high hopes . What better complement to reading Shakespeare than hearing him , right ? Well , not with this recording . The cast is made up of `` distinguished actors , '' the insert proclaims , but it 's obvious that these actors have n't done Shakespeare since they were in junior high school . Nor have they improved since then
 Look , here it is . I know everyone says how great and everything Othello is and that this Shakespeare guy is like a genius . But what it comes down to is it is just like this white guy from Ireland who never went to Italy and stuff and like all his plays all take place there and stuff . I mean , did Shakespeare actually know someone named Romeo ? But that 's not the point . This whole play sucks . I did n't get involved at all and I could n't relate to none of the characters . Plus when my teacher said that Othello is actually black , I , as a white person , took offense to it . So to all you out there in cyber space , just avoid this no matter what . And if you were like assigned it for class say that you wo n't tolerate racial prejudice . Or read the Cliff Notes , like I did .
 Knowing Cyril Cusack from his affecting performance of Egeon in the BBC version of ` The Comedy of Errors ' , I 'm suprised by his laughable portrayal of Iago here
 This is not a review of the quality of this production , rather on the quality of the sale . It 's also a warning to other potential buyers who click on this product page . I ordered this audio CD having believed that it was the production with Ewan McGregor and Chiwetel Ejiofor as Iago and Othello respectively ; however , when I received the package , I quickly saw that I had been misled . I know Amazon often groups reviews together -LRB- i.e. audio CDs include reviews of the book itself rather than the quality of the particular audio -RRB- , but this was totally deceiving . Right under the title are the names of the actors , and even one of the official reviews is a review of the McGregor and Ejiofor version.I apologize that my review is n't of the CD I received , but I do n't want anyone making the same mistake I did . Perhaps I missed something in the product description , but I was surprised . I 'm debating whether to return it or just to live with it and not buy any more audiobooks from Amazon again . Very disappointed .
 By the end of this tragedy , for some unfathomable reason considered by many to be one of the greatest works of drama in the history of world literature , if not THE greatest , 10 characters wind up dead , 5 of them goodies
 `` Bloody farce '' was the indictment of `` Othello '' made by the dramatist Thomas Rymer , one of Shakespeare 's contemporaries . He was right . Perhaps he was right because `` Othello '' in his time had not yet fully enjoyed the fake aura of a `` master play '' that it has boasted ever since . `` Othello '' features the shortcomings and mannerisms of `` Hamlet '' , but without the benefit of the -LRB- sporadic -RRB- linguistic inventiveness that Shakespeare evinced in the other play -LRB- another of those wrongfully praised -RRB- . In `` Othello '' , though , what we mostly see is an utterly improbable set of characters acting out in an affected , theatrical manner - even while pretending to deal with issues of real life , portraying genuine psychologies . Yes , there is lots of jealousy in this world , and murders do happen - but for anyone to fly off the handle the way Othello does in this play , one has to be supplied with much better and much more extensive corroborative psychologic evidence than what is offered to us in `` Othello '' ! Instead , what we see is basically someone growing insane on the basis of getting to know bits and peaces of ludicrously circumstancial evidence , plus , thanks to a puppet cartoon character named Yago , some innuendoes and probings that are anything but devious or subtle . Yago 's behaviour and aims are so obvious and laughable that one would think one was reading a comedy if everything was n't presented to us in a deadly serious manner , clothed in the solemn literary forms of a tragedy . As a reader or viewer , you simply never get to enjoy `` Othello ''
 As dull as unbuttered toast ; the only thing worth mentioning -LRB- briefly -RRB- is Ewan McGregor 's Iago . Young , cheerful , well-spoken and winning , McGregor is the most charming Iago I have encountered in any medium . For awhile , that is very nearly enough . One understands why people like and trust this man ; one also understands why no one takes him seriously as lieutenant material . But as the play progresses and Iago 's cruelty deepens , McGregor 's unvarying amiability seems incongruous . A strange countertextual interpretation emerges , reminiscent of Auden 's trickster theory but with a novel twist of its own . In brief , Iago tries to play a harmless joke on Othello , only to see his prank spiral out of control . The poor man is forced to improvise desperately as he struggles to resolve the mess he unwittingly created . Iago as the Boy who Cried Adulteress , a feckless but innocent victim of events
 This is a review of the so-called * Kindle edition * of Henry IV .2 . I was directed to this edition by clicking on the Kindle link on the Folger paperback edition but this is certainly * not * a Kindle version of the Folger edition . Amazon - when I click for the Kindle edition , I want a Kindle edition of * that book * , not a * similar * book with the same title . I want -LRB- and will pay for -RRB- Folger 's typesetting , editing , front matter and text notes - none of which are included here . In addition the typography of this electronic version is the worst I 've ever seen . Every Kindle owner is used to occasional layout and typograhic quirks but this is literally unreadable . The font switches between Times Roman and Courier seemingly at random . Anyone who * is * looking for an ebook of Henry IV .2 would be better served with one of the many free versions on the web . Please fix this , Amazon . Do not serve this up as a `` Kindle edition '' of a book that is not . Better yet , drop this piece of ill-formated trash from you store entirely .
 This book claims it is an encyclopedia while it is not even close ! The book has big picture of any fish that shows in the book , but besides that there is NOTHING more . The major part of the description of the fish is a detailed description of how it looks , Although there is a big and clear picture of the fish ! while very little or nothing is said on the caring of the fish ; The pH the water should have , the hardness of the water the special cares we the Aquarists must know about in order to breed the fish . The tank mates the fish prefer or not , And many other important facts we the readers expect to find in an `` Encyclopedia '' , this book is not worth to buy ! There are books I recommend . I bought a book for marine aquarium fish and I suggest the writer of the so-called `` Encyclopedia '' will learn and see how a true Encyclopedia looks like . The book is
 This book the worst aquarium books I own . It is not a very good encyclopedia , and I find the whole `` ease of keeping '' thing rather hard to understand . The information is sometimes incorrect . The only thing that stopped me from giving it one star was its beautiful pictures of fish -LRB- although the variatus platy is upside down ! -RRB- . Overall , this is not a very useful book for the aquarium fish hobbyist .
 The first three books of the Wizard series are three of my all-time favorite books . They are extraordinarily well-crafted and wonderfully intriguing . It 's easy to sympathize with the characters.Imagine my surprise when I read # 4 . Ugh . The characters have lost their individuality . The plot is thick , convoluted , and unexplained.If you do n't own the first three books , BUY THEM RIGHT NOW ! But do n't waste your time on this one .
 '' A Wizard Abroad -LSB- wizardry series NO. 4 -RSB- '' this was not even a good book to go with the wizardry series . The only good parts of the book are as follow
 The first three books in the series are based on personal tragedy and struggle , where great things happen all across the world and it personally affects the characters lives and loves.After High Wizardry , where the battle was waged on behalf of the whole universe , it seems a little weak to suddenly be concerned with the fate of a single country again . Of course , the whole world is at stake , but the point is that the action takes place in Ireland , and the characters are primarily concerned with Ireland . It just seems so small scale after High Wizardry . It 's like watching Star Wars Episode IV and then watching Episode 1 . The scale is just far different.Another thing that bugs me is the lack of personal tragedy and struggle . The characters really do n't seem to have anything huge happening to them that changes their characters or anything . The events of High Wizardry seem to have been forgotten or glossed over . Character Development seems to have simply halted in this story.Basically , the plot boils down to this formula
 So predictable ... I 'd rather read a boring school textbook than this . = / Sorry , Ms. Duane .
 It 's Ironic that Ronan asked this question . In truth this should have been his story , and He , not Nita , should have been the one to tell it.As it is we get the view from the outside , with a narrator who is n't quite perseptive enough to give us the whole story . And if Nita 's place in this story is somewhat periperal then the other young wizards from the previous books are even more so.Kit is the proverbial 3rd wheel , and Dairine is used as nothing more then a convnient power source.I loved the first two books inis series , was disappointed by the third and am sad to say that the story line has n't recovered in the Fourth . Like its imediat predesor this book feels like the darkness has delibertly been toned down , and frequently omitted , preferring to report the fighting with passages about what Nita remembered rather than dropping us into the thick of it.As a result I just could n't find anything to get involved with in this story ,
 I found the fourth book of this series a sad departure from what made the previous books great . It moves the overall story line further , but its a step i wish i could have skipped
 This is without a doubt the worst academic book I have ever seen . It is littered with printing errors . Organization is sporadic within each subject with little to no clear progression from topic to topic . It is inconsistent in nomenclature , labelling , and variable notation . Several problems have little relation to what is tested on the exam . There are serious gaps in logic on many example problems . Several key concepts are sneaked into example problems without addressing their application . The authors should be embarrassed to have their names associated with this book .
 If your ' e going to take the EIT test , you better all ready know everything in this book . Because this book is not going to teach it to you . This book is purely a reminder of things that you better know if you want to pass . You also better understand how everything in this book relates to everything else in this book.Many of the equations are wrong . The topics it covers jump around . Transitions from one step to the next are `` purposely '' missing.Final Thought
 I was not as impressed as other books I used to prepare for this test . This book had a few grammer and miss spelled words so it wasnt up to the standards I had for it .
 I have been a long time fan of Schwab 's Confederate States , A Financial and Industrial History of the South During the Civil War . The book is definitive and a classic . I 've even begged my librarian to sell me the library 's copy - yes , the book is THAT GOOD . Imagine how excited I was to see it on Amazon again.However , this book will be my first experience with Amazon returns ... The book is wholly unsatisfactory . It is a high quality reproduction of an already marked up copy of the book . I ca n't imagine why the publisher did n't try to find a clean copy to republish , the one in my local university library is unmarred . Worse , the extremely useful chart of prices in the South during the war is just blank . Whomever was copying the work did n't bother to UNFOLD the sheet where this data was printed making it wholly useless.In short , great book , but a disappointing edition . Clearly not worth the $ 35 + price I paid , but if discounted further it may be worthwhile . However , please be warned before purchasing this , there are margin marks throughout and there is no price chart data . The text is fully readable and useful , but please be advised of what you are getting .
 This has to stop , seriously . When Neiderman first ghostwrote for VCA , he did a decent job . I liked the Cutler series , and he did a good job of finishing up the books that VCA had started but did n't finish for the Dollanganger and Casteel series . The Landry and Logan series , while not the best , were still very decent , and I enjoyed them . However , it all started to go downhill with Orphans . That was not what VCA would have written . I endured the Hudson and DeBeers series with disgust . Broken Wings and Gemini were intolerable.April was n't a real heroine . There were no horrible , dark secrets -LRB- her father 's secret was laughable -RRB- and no real family secrets at all . This book focused a lot her stumbling -LRB- and unrealistic -RRB- explorations of her own sexuality as well as her struggle with weight . It seems as if the ghostwriter is venting his dislike of fat people because April is obsessed about her weight and everyone else makes fun of her , and in this book the struggle continues and is contrived and predictable in many places . The scene where she was in the bath with the young deaf girl was creepy.It also seems that Neiderman has a problem with deaf characters , as in the Logan series , May was portrayed as weak and fragile and helpless , and the deaf girl in this book is portrayed the same way , in a unfunny and unsympathetic caricature . Disappointing .
 Yet again another boring book written with all the flair and emotional insight of the list of ingredients on the back of a shampoo bottle . I was not titilated or enlightened by this characters constant sexual confusion . I WAS IRRITATED AND DISGUSTED !!! When did V. C. Andrews turn into an after school special !?! I guess when she became a franchise ! This is the only book of `` hers '' in the past 15 years that I have not purchased -LRB- HINT , HINT -RRB- . Way back at End of the Rainbow I thought it could n't get any worse . Sadly it has . I will not be purchasing any more of these books in the future .
 This book was so awful I could n't make it past page 60 . The plot was boring . The sentences drag on and on endlessly . I kept waiting for something that made sense ... I did n't find anything and finally threw the book down and gave up . I will not read anymore of this book or the series !!!!
 I 'm sorry , but this book is bad . The sentences run together , the dialogue is confusing , and the plot line is tired . You would do good to waste your time elsewhere . Go read a real book .
 The characters acted unreal and got worse through the series -LRB- I read all the books -RRB- On the back cover of my book , I found a review comparing it to Diana Wynne Jones , which Ithough was a complete insult ! Every book was the same and their stories had no life . The characters did not evolve and I read the books out of complete boredom . I find it sad that I am not able to give less than 1 star . I definitely would .
 This book is the first in a series about a girl named Nita and a boy named Kit , and their struggles , experiments , and interesting discoveries towards becoming wizards.I must say , however , that I did n't like it very much . The book is nice in and on itself , but this time the suggested age -LRB- 9-12 -RRB- actually fits ! Usually I do n't pay any attention to that sort of thing , but around 120 pages in the book -LRB- after forcing myself to read that far -RRB- I simply could not turn another page and still respect myself , even though I had told myself I must finish it . I was n't even interested in the ending . I see the entire book as quite predictable and possibly a bit too childish , but maybe 9-12-year-olds will like it better.So , in conclusion , if you 're above 12 , do n't buy it .
 This was the worst book I have ever read . There is absolutely no comparison to Harry Potter . The story is about a girl who finds a book in the library called '' So You Want to Be a Wizard . '' She soon meets another young wizard in training and together they battle some dark forces . I thought this book sounded really good , so I bought it , but this book is boring , and not at all interesting.It is not creative and some parts in the plot are quite predictable . I do not reccommend it .
 Unnatural dialogue , forced plot , clumsy writing . A good idea poorly executed . This ca n't be compared to Harry Potter even a little ! Also annoying characters ... and the idea that they would risk so much to get back a pen ! Ugh ... save your money . I ca n't believe this series has continued for so long .
 I bought this book thinking it was similar to the Harry Potter series -LRB- in nature and spirit -RRB- but I was very wrong . The characters are acceptable , but the author did a poor job of developing the Kit character ... Also the writing is exceedingly dull , the story slogs along at an incredibly SLOW pace ... Truthfully I found the story boring ... but I read it anyway . I will not be reading the rest of the series.I think the writer 's biggest mistake is trying to write the `` magic '' as if it were scientifically possible , and she spent way too much time trying to do so ... Newsflash ! Its MAGIC >> > you know fantasy , you do n't need to make it or prove it ... fantasy is simply a world that does n't need explaining or proving.I think someone very young might like this book , but I did not . I am moving on to another series that has better writing .
 Although the book had a good premise , the writing style was distasteful and Diane Duane seemed uneducated in the literary field . Duane 's voice came through strongly , which I appreciated , but her voice was too childlike and did not sound authoritative or explanatory at all . Too much of the book was `` filler '' - like she was trying to make the book longer than necessary .
 I thought that this book was just kind of boring . The part with the white dwarf star that was hicoughing up all sorts of things was the only funny part , and the rest was just wierd and dumb.Contrary to one of the other reveiwers , the book was so much worse than Harry Potter .
 It was a big disapointment ! I thought it would be good , but it was boring and confusing . I consider myself a good reader , but this book took me forever to finish ! Please trust me and do n't waste your money on this horrible book !
 this book has a good title , it sounded great when I got it . The only thing is most of the plot is about how they got sucked into another world . It starts ok but then cars are trying to kill them , do cars randomly runing around trying to kill people sound like an important plot ? I cant beleave she made a sequel .
 If you 're looking for something to hold you over until the next book in the Harry Potter series , do n't look here . As a writer of fantasy , Diane Duane makes an excellent science fiction author . If you consider sentient marble-sized galaxies , ferocious living helicopters and predatory automobiles the staple for a book about magic and wizardry , then by all means get yourself a copy . Otherwise , check out some of the more traditional fare , like The Magician 's Nephew -LRB- or the other books in The Chronicles of Narnia series -RRB- by C.S. Lewis , or two shining stars by Madeleine L'Engle
 I bought this book three years ago when I got into a huge YA fantasy kick . I was really intrigued by the idea of the `` So You Want to be a Wizard '' book existing in the library in the book itself , and thought it sounded quite good . I was wrong . I have a grievous tendency to finish anything I start ; if I read the first book in a series , I have to read all of them . I ca n't help it.I gritted my teeth through four books in this series before finally I just could n't take it anymore . The main characters are flat , one-dimensional characters that you could find in almost any children 's book written before authors decided children enjoyed characterisation . The magic itself in the books was vaguely dull and unexciting , which , considering that it 's magic , says a lot.I have to admit that I have n't read these books in a few years and disliked them so much that I scarcely remember the details . This is coming from someone who loves pretty much every book they read , so it 's very rare that I would n't remember a book in a very detailed manner . These books are at least one hundred pages too long than they ought to be , and I found myself simply wishing it was over.If you 're looking for YA fantasy , try Diana Wynne Jones or Philip Pullman .
 when i first got this book i thought it sounded really good . but , when i actually got it and started reading it i just could n't get into it or relate to it . the characters seemed kinda fake and the whole plot was very unbelievable . i just could n't even imagine it . there 's this ` person ' that they ca n't even name because somehow that makes him even more powerful and they are talking to a white hole ... and it 's like how does he talk ? and you ca n't really imagine inanimate objects talking or thinking or even living , which in the book they do . i mean is n't that why they 're called non-living ? the book itself was good but if you 're looking for something that you can relate to more or imagine or if you just want to get into the book then you probably should n't count to much on this one . -LRB- the 4th one was a little better though , still not very believable , but better -RRB-
 I bought this book because it had a whimsical title and I thought it would be an easy read during midterms while I needed a break from studying but did n't want to veg out online or watching TV.I could n't even finish it ... The writing is horrible , it 's just badly assembled . The transitions between dialogue and internal monologue are like hitting a speed bump . The characters come off as flat and whinny . The mechanics of the world are boring . It almost seems like this book was written by a committee . We need to buy some time to pad the story what should be put here ? Oh just some random stuff ... I could go on , but I do n't care enough . I 'm only rating this book because I got the email asking what I thought of it . I think so little of it without the email I would n't have gone out of my way to rate it ...
 My two sons ages 8 and 11 have been reading this book and I was pressed into reading it aloud to my younger son for a couple of hours on the plane . I was disappointed . The plot does n't make a lot of sense after the initial setup that puts the wizarding instruction book in the hands of the protagonist -- a `` white hole '' star has a conversation with the kids over a period of days for instance , really just out of nowhere . The kids plunge into doing very sophisticated magic right away and the philosophy of the magic that gets done , if you can call it that , is of the sophmoric `` everything is alive and has feelings '' variety , including rusting cars . I could n't bear to read it aloud after a while . Skimming it might be ok .
 If you are an avid reader but not into fantasy , do n't read thisbook . I 'm a reader who does n't particularly like fantasy , but I ` veread many fantasy books which people have said are very good . Most of those I liked , but not this one . So you want to be a Wizard is good in the first couple chapters , but as the magic gets more intense , I found it hard to follow . My friends who are into fantasy and sci-fi loved this book , so if you are like them , go ahead , read this book . But if you are like me , and want to try a fantasy book , do n't read this . I recommend Harry Potter and Ender 's Game instead .
 I chose to purchase this book for its low price and its very interesting premise -- I also love fantasy , and was looking forward to starting a new series . I was extremely disappointed . The author shows very little originality in her work ; but lifts entire concepts and plotlines from other well known children 's stories ; A Wrinkle in Time , The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe and The Neverending Story for a start -- Even the completely original bits are n't satisfying , because the characters other than Nita are very shallow , the descriptions are poor , and the magic and premises are taken too lightly . Good fantasy is written so you believe the magic and situations are real -- they are described , and given substance in the text . This author takes the magic for granted , and gives only the slightest preparation of the premise or explanation of what is happening ; trusting the history of the fantasy genre to substantiate her writing . I also disliked this author 's tendency to repeat herself . Most annoying to me is the cheap looking typeface on each page . Some day I might actually go back and finish this book , but I would much rather re-read something that is actually good .
 When I opened `` So You Want to Be a Wizard
 Okay ... so , i hear everyone here extolling the virtues of this book as a great addition for you if you 're a * real * roleplayer . Well , I am , and have been for a dozen years . making real chronicles for real characters , many games without a dice roll to be found . And I * hated * the premise of this book.Why?Because they tried to take away my freedom . They 've been doing this a lot with official supplements . In the original supplements , they gave you a flavor for ghouls , just a taste , and several different suggestions . One of them was the blood junkie mentality , one was the stubborn independent , one was the loyal but stupid slave , etc. . And left it to you to define your ghouls.Now they 're telling me how each clan treats its ghouls . Not how some older members treat them , not how the majority treats them . Basically , every Kindred in existence treats their ghouls like dirt on the bottom of their shoes if they 're not dissecting them for the amusement of their friends and the ghouls take this treatment willingly because they 're * all * essentially heroin junkies needing their next fix . Great . Thanks for taking away the variety . I 've played ghouls like this . But what made them stand out was their uniqueness , their difference from other ghouls the PCs run into . One of these days White Wolf is gon na stop telling me how to play . Their supplements are supposed to enable me to make a chronicle to hold my players attention , be it horror , action , intrigue , whatever . I was really looking forward to this adding to the shadings of my world . Instead , I have n't used it once , since all it does is flatten everything to yet another shade of boring grey .
 You do n't need this book to play ghouls or have them in your game . The book is based on 2nd edition , spends a lot of time talking about how little ghouls know about vamps , etc. . Save your money and time by creating basic rules of your own .
 This book was extremely disappointing , especially for a person well read in Tudor History . The title is very misleading . I thought this book would examine in depth the final years of Henry 's reign . Theses final years were full of scandal , intrigue and death but the book read like a summary of his whole reign . There are plenty of other books that do this and do it better -LRB- Alison Weir for example -RRB- . It 's pages and pages of he said , she said quotes followed by summaries of crucial events that surely deserve more description . If you are looking for a thorough historical analysis of the final years of Henry , save your money .
 I found this book was not very reader-friendly . It was interesting , but not interesting enough for me to finish ...
 Albert Pike was a brilliant scholar . Morals and Dogma is brilliant scholarship which is so esoteric that it 's nearly useless . -LRB- Exception
 Albert Pike , an American General who had been enticed into the Illuminati by Guiseppe Mazzini , completed his military blueprint for three worldwars and various revolutions throughout the world in 1871 , culminating into moving thisgreat conspiracy into its final stage . These details are as follows : The First World War is to be fought for the purpose of destroying the Tsar inRussia , as promised by Nathan Mayer Rothschild in 1815 . The Tsar is to bereplaced with communism which is to be used to attack religions , predominantly Christianity . The differences between the British and Germanempires are to be used to foment this war.The Second World War is to be used to foment the controversy betweenfascism and political Zionism with the oppression of Jews in Germany alynchpin in bringing hatred against the German people . This is designed todestroy fascism -LRB- which the Rothschilds created -RRB- and increase the power ofpolitical Zionism . This war is also designed to increase the power ofcommunism to the level that it equalled that of united Christendom.The Third World War is to be played out by stirring up hatred of the Muslimworld for the purposes of playing the Islamic world and the political Zionistsoff against one another . Whilst this is going on , the remaining nations wouldbe forced to fight themselves into a state of mental , physical , spiritual andeconomic exhaustion.On August 15th of this year , Albert Pike writes a letter -LRB- now catalogued in the British Museum -RRB- to Guiseppe Mazzini in which he states the following , We shall unleash the nihilists and the atheists and we shall provoke a great social cataclysm which in all its horror will show clearly to all nations the effect of absolute atheism ; the origins of savagery and of most bloody turmoil.Then everywhere , the people will be forced to defend themselves against the world minority of the world revolutionaries and will exterminate those destroyers of civilization and the multitudes disillusioned with Christianity whose spirits will be from that moment without direction and leadership and anxious for an ideal , but without knowledge where to send its adoration , will receive the true light through the universal manifestation of the pure doctrine of Lucifer brought finally out into public view.A manifestation which will result from a general reactionary movement which will follow the destruction of Christianity and Atheism ; both conquered and exterminated at the same time.Pike , who had been elected as Sovereign Grand Commander of the Scottish Rite of Freemasonrys Southern Jurisdiction in 1859 , was the most powerful Freemason in America . He would retain that post for thirty-two years until his death in 1891 . He also published this book , Morals and Dogma of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry in which he candidly states the following , `` The true name of Satan , the Kabbalists say , is that of Yahweh reversed ; for Satan is not a black god , but the negation of God ... For the Initiates , this is not a Person , but a Force , created for good , but which may serve for evil . It is the instrument of Liberty and Free Will ... LUCIFER , the Light-bearer ! Strange and mysterious name to give to the Spirit of Darkness ! Lucifer , the Son of the Morning ! Is it he who bears the Light , and with its splendors intolerable blinds feeble , sensual or selfish Souls ? Doubt it not ! `` Interestingly , in the same book , Pike emphasizes that Freemasonry is a religion based on the occult Jewishphilosophy found in the Kabbalah .
 do you realize how dangerous it is for u to sell this book Know one is going to by it because of its history and the very well known fact that NO ONE WHO HAS THIS BOOK IS SUPPOSESED TO TALK ABOUT IT LIT ALONE SELL IT . . SO PEOPLE WILL FIRST ASSUME IT IS WITH OUT A DOUBT FAKE , AND THEN AND ONLY THEN WILL PEOPLE BELIVE U ARE A CRAZED MEMBER OF THE FREEMASONS AND OR TRYING MAKE A PROFIT ON THERE SCARED BOOK OF DOGMA AND RITULS WHICH IS STRICLY FORRBIDDEN AS I HAVE ALREADY STATED DO YOUR SELF A FAVOR AND TAKE IT DOWN ... Be Well ...
 Albert Pike 's Morals & Dogma is a masterful introduction to comparative religion and philosophy . It is largely a compilation , drawing upon numerous authors of the past . While the flow of the text is criticized by some , I would point out that Pike 's ability to weave a coherent and consistent text from the quotes of a large number of notable philosophers , religionists and writers is a significant feat.Pike chose to keep these individuals anonymous in this compilation not as an act of plagiarism , but because he felt it very important that readers engage the ideas presented on their own merits -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- , rather than accepting or discarding ideas because of who authored them . No idea in Morals and Dogma is intended to be accepted ... well ... dogmatically . Rather , Pike 's purpose is to present ideas which are worthy of consideration , and to cause readers to exercise the minds over what is presented . The result is hopefully greater understanding and tolerance of differing systems of belief.Pike 's method has led to some misunderstanding as to how to read the text , and how specific concepts relate to Freemasonry . I will not answer that issue here , but will suggest that the content of Morals & Dogma is indeed worthy of the thoughtful consideration of any educated adult . I highly recommend it.Then why a one-star rating ? Because the specific Kindle edition I am reviewing has no linked table of content , is poorly formatted , and contains none of the illustrations of the original . These illustrations are sometimes critical for understanding the text , and it is a serious oversight to fail to include them in a Kindle edition of this Masonic classic.My suggestion ? Wait for a better edition , then buy .
 I was disappointed to find out that there are two versions of this book and the one I needed was under the exact title but it is the esoteric version . The two versions are quite different is some stratigic ways .
 I thought I would get a better grasp of Freemasons after reading this -LRB- short -RRB- book . Too convoluted and extremely hard to follow ... maybe , by choice ? Not for a lay-person .
 This book was so boring ... It could have been a lot more effective if it was shorter and more to-the-point .
 I could not get past the basic premise . A wealthy , distinguished war hero living in Regency England needs help coping with his blindness and they hire an inexperienced young woman to take care of him ? Because there were no experienced , medically-trained veterans with experience dealing with war wounded to take care of him ? So that 's where I stopped reading .
 At the very beginning I found Samantha annoying but she grew out of it after a few chapters . Then the book became so good until near the end where the plot twist took place . I did not see it coming . The book did not make sense after finishing the book . I felt like I was tricked . Spoiler alert - how could Samantha be Cecily ? There were no clues and it was like I was looking at two different people . It did not make sense . Samantha never acted like she knew Gabriel . It was all business . I am just really upset because the book was so good and had to be ruined by the plot twist . I felt she only cared about herself . He was looking all over for her and she continued to trick her . I will never read another book by this author again . She ruined a perfectly good book .
 I wanted to like this book . Back cover blurb promised a touching story about a blind nobleman and his determined nurse . The writing I glimpsed was clear and fun . But the characters and ensuing story was irritating beyond belief.Samantha was more petulant than helpful . She seemed to help her blind earl by baiting him then running off when he truly needed her . -LRB- Leaving him to nearly bleed to death on the floor , snarking at him to shoot himself when he was drunk and poised in his library looking for any meaning . -RRB- And by the time we get to her big secret , she ceased to have any redeeming qualities . Instead she came across as the same selfish little twit of a society girl we learned to hate in absentia . -LRB- She loves him let him love her then abandons him because she can never atone for her earlier abandonment . -RRB- Meanwhile we had a truly engaging hero in Gabriel . A man who 's life is turned upside down by blindness and desperately needs a guardian angel to show him a new way of living . We even have fun background characters in the servants , family and that silly dog . He was a hero without a proper heroine.If this is an example of Medeiros ' work , find another romance author . Her stuff is half baked at best .
 Gabriel was blinded in battle while fighting for his country and becomes a bitter man living as a hermit with his servants . Samantha becomes his nurse to try to help him cope with his blindness . They fight and bicker , but most of the time it 's enduring . Both characters have moments of amusing childishness and annoying selfishness but the story is solid and there are some really sweet moments . Watching Gabriel struggle with his blindness and seeing the unbelievable patience Samantha had with him was heartwarming.Yours Until Dawn had such wonderful promises . For over three-fourths of the book I was hanging onto every sentence , every word , just waiting to see what would happen . Then , complete and utter disappointment.Up until around page 259 this book had a 4.5 star rating written all over it . Then it seem to just abruptly end and become a completely different story with a different plot and different characters with the same name . Samantha 's surprise did n't make any sense whatsoever . It was all pointless.Gabriel 's `` recovery '' , while good news , was disappointing . I felt as if the author had to ` fix ' him before a real relationship could form with him and Samantha . I felt as if that implied there was something wrong with him to start with . His parents had treated him like an invalid and they never did completely accept his blindness , but they were the most doting parents when everything worked out ! It just felt hollow.Samantha . Good grief . The most horrible woman I have ever read . Selfish and cruel and way too bossy . She had `` too little , too late '' written all over her and I felt that Gabriel was a complete idiot for staying with her . She loved him , left him , then loved him , and left him . Now , do n't get me wrong , I love the beta heroes . The all-around nice guys who are n't domineering and cruel but in the end Gabriel seem whipped . He did n't even get angry when he found out her little secret . But his letter to her at the end was very well written and so very sweet . I just wished it had been written for someone else.I understand rabid fans will not like critical reviews and will most likely give this a low rating , but trust me . If you MUST read this book , then please stop at the weak ` plot-twist ' and just make up your own ending .
 I have two problems with this book . First it is a typical formulaic romance novel . It has all the predictable plot , action and characters . There is a nice surprise twist to the end , but there is nothing special , creative or delighting throughout the book . I almost feel like it was written by a computer with all the proper ingredients . My second problem is with the girl . Although the author described the girl as a coward , I found the girl 's actions to be cruel . I could n't get past the hurts she caused Gabriel . When she first saw him in the hospital , she ran away . After they found love together , she ran away again . He suffered and searched for her for months . Finally he gave up the search and decided to rejoin the Navy . She let him suffer far too long before she was willing to tell him the truth . This cruelty overshadowed the rest of the story for me .
 What in the world was Teresa Medeiros thinking when she wrote this book ? I have read many other books by this author and have been delighted by them . This one made me so upset and angry that I 've waited two days to write this review . Every time I think of the way this plot twisted -LRB- and then twisted again -RRB- I get mad , and I feel cheated . The only way this author could have been more successful in writing about things I REALLY do n't want in the plot of a Regency novel would have been for her to get my complete list . She did manage to leave out a few of my all time no-no 's but not enough so that you would notice.I began to read the book -LRB- without any idea of what it was about -RRB- and was thinking that it was going very well . Then I began to wonder why no background information was given for Miss Samantha Wickersham . The book continued , Samantha -LRB- the nurse -RRB- was making inroads into the torment and self-pity suffered by Gabriel Fairchild -LRB- the blind patient -RRB- and gradually bringing him back into the realm of the human being . Still no background information except for things such as Samantha saying `` my sister '' or `` my parents '' . Samantha won over the hearts of all the servants with her concern for her patient , who had been blinded while trying to save the life of Admiral Lord Nelson aboard ship during a naval battle . I did not rebel at all when the two lead characters began to be attracted to each other , after all , that 's why I read romantic fiction . Then , the whole thing went to pieces.I will give Ms Medeiros credit , I NEVER saw that plot twist coming . I just wish she could have resisted temptation and not done it in the first place . If you want to read a story about a shallow , self-centered , cowardly heroine , this is the book for you . And Samantha does n't learn from her mistakes -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- because she compounds the mistake by making the whole list of them all over again ! And , I absolutely can not stand it when an author has a man vow that he is so much in love with one woman that there can never be another in his life -LRB- after all , he is supposedly diligently trying to locate her !! -RRB- and then proceedes to prove to us that , oops , sorry , did n't mean that . And in this case , in such a short space of time -LRB- several months -RRB- and in such a horrible situation . What in the world was Ms Medeiros thinking with the episode which occured the night before Gabriel was to sail off to war again ? Awful ! Simply awful!As you can tell from reading all of these reviews , this book has at least one plot twist . I can not be as specific as I would like because it is n't fair to spoil the plot for other readers . If I could be specific , I would have REALLY blasted this book . A favorite author of mine , but definitely a book of hers which I will throw in my to-go box from a distance of 10 feet , or more . I 'm mad !
 Ugh ! Ideal-mad , patriotic tripe . The protagonist wishes never to see or hear about his country again , and instead of being unloaded in , say , France or even Africa - which would get him out of America 's hair and comply with his wishes - he is tortured by being carried around on ships for the rest of his life . What the ... ?
 This book did not interest me one bit . I thought this book did not have a plot . The book 's setting was back in the 1800 's and i do not like those types of books . Thos book is a book your history teacher would hand out to read . In this book the action was n't the greatest . I like books that the action is hair pulling , and stomach turning . I would reccomend this book to a person who likes books set in the old times , and or to a person who does not like to read because there are only 116 pages in the story but the words are double spaced .
 This book was very boring until the end . I wanted it to get over because I had to read it for school . It was n't horrible , but it was pretty bad .
 This book was a real disappointment . I enjoyed Lance 's first book , but Reel Pressure failed to meet my expectations . If you 're looking to get this book , you could probably find mine on Half.com ... otherwise ... I would pass on it .
 If you want to waste the time just borrow a friends copy but DO N'T waste the money buying this novel yourself . I read another of Lance 's books entitled `` A Byte of Charity '' and was hooked from the first chapter . However , `` Reel Pressure '' starts off really slow , picks up in the middle , and has an ending that seems to drag on forever leaving me with no feelings of satisfaction once I was finished . I do n't know if that 's his way of getting me to buy his next book but it did n't work .
 The critical reviewers are on target but unfortunately they do n't dwell on the vast superficiality of the novel and the cut and paste , politically correct ramble that it is . I bought the book at a discount in a small town in the U.S. where I live . I was ecstatic that I could get the book so cheap , for I remember reading Prasannarajan 's review in India Today , and I usually like what he says . And if I remember right , Prasannarajan speaks well of this meandering trickle of a terrible tale . I wish I had the patience to sit down and do a serious deconstruction of this `` plotless plot '' and `` clueless narration '' from a pretend writer who relies on a condensed version of the Gita , the first chapter of Radhakrishnan 's tome on the Upanishads and whatever else he could lay his hands on to `` learn '' and `` speak '' about India . Dilettantism therefore is in powerful and peerless display .
 I found this novel fairly non-compelling . It was hard to even get through the first quarter , and I was two thirds through before it became very interesting . If I was n't obligated to read it for my book club , I would have stopped long before I finished . I learned a little about Indian culture and history , but not much . There are too many other books out there to bother with this one .
 There is such a need for historical fiction on Asia , and this book does n't entertain the reader .
 `` The House of Blue Mangoes '' is a novel set in southern India and spanning three generations of the Dorai family during the years 1899-1947 . Although I would call this a historical novel , Davidar really does n't explain the historical background much and even his characters go about their daily lives without investing too much time in current events.For the people of Chevathar , the village of the Dorai family , history is symbolized by a road made famous for the incredible sweetness of the blue mangoes that are native to the region . This road turns out to be something of a mixed blessing . The people of Chevathar seemed to be dealing with their caste system in an orderly fashion until this road came alone and upset the proverbial applecart . Now , instead of the paths designated for each caste , everyone seems to take the road lined by the blue mangoes . This , of course , causes problems and even the Dorai family become victims . Their patriarch , Solomon , is beset with problems , while his elder son , Aaron wanders into a life of crime ... with terrible consequences.Daniel , Aaron 's younger brother , decides not to let politics and social problems ruin his life the way they had ruined his father 's and brother 's . He invents a skin-whitening cream called , `` Dr. Dorai 's Moonwhite Thylam . '' Rescuing the family home from destruction , Daniel renames it Neelan Illum , or `` The House of Blue Mangoes . '' Daniel loses no time in letting his entire family know they are welcome at `` The House of Blue Mangoes '' but only if they agree to leave politics and its poisonous fruit behind.Of course , Daniel 's plan does not work out , but his son , Kannan , does inherit Daniel 's deep aversion to politics . Davidar , himself , seems to share his characters ' aversion to involvement in political and social strife . In this novel , history serves only to ornament the background , not to shape the characters or drive the plot . Being very apolitical myself , I thought I would like this aspect of the book , and I do , to a certain extent . What I do n't like is the fact that Davidar 's characters , by their very refusal to even acknowledge the political turmoil around them , are rendered extraordinarily shallow.I might have been able to tolerate ignorant characters had they been fascinating in some other way , but the characters in this novel simply were n't . They are flat and one dimensional and their problems seem to revolve around the cliche . Davidar , himself , does n't seem to care about his characters ... or what happens to them.What does seem to interest Davidar , and the thrust of this book , are details . While Davidar does n't bother to tell us a character 's intimate thoughts , thus letting us get to know him and care about him , he does devote pages and pages to things like the sport of well-jumping , the traditional siddha medicinal practice , the social ins and outs of a proper afternoon tea , the best ways to hunt tiger , and the differences among the many varieties of mango . And , while much of this is very interesting , it certainly does n't make for a compelling novel.Political and social problems aside , if Davidar had only lavished half as much care and development on his characters as he does on the details of the book , then `` The House of Blue Mangoes '' would have been an extremely interesting and involving book . As it is , it is not even a great reference guide .
 Some are comparing this to God of Small things ... Are you kidding me?The novel is cutout with artificial characters masquerading as historical ones . Some of the characters teach us georgraphy and history lesson on India and sound like a mouthpiece for the author to air his opinion about the Colonial British -LRB- White man ? -RRB- , India , caste system , Christianity , Hindu mythology etc. . I understand this is work of fiction but the novel is so full of contrived characters and settings detailed in superficial tone . If you liked novels of Vikram seth and Arunadhathi roy ... stay away from this !!
 This book was a gift from a friend whose judgment I respect . I tell myself that he must have recommended it because he only read Part 1 . Indeed , this book 's first 100 or so pages are terrific stuff , well written , descriptive , exciting , dramatic passages about caste hatred at the end of the 19th century in the south of India . I thought I had a great book on my hands
 Mr Davidar thought he was writing the great Indian novel . Unfortunately , what came out at the end was a schoolboy effort , characterized by Raj cliches , prose that sounds like it is translated , and occasional paragraphs containing personal views on India and Indians which dont mesh with the main text at all . I am glad I borrowed this free of cost from the library and did not waste my money - though I did waste my time reading it . All I can say is that it would make good reading on a long flight - at least the story has tempo and keeps you mildly entertained .
 `` The House of Blue Mangoes '' has been hyped as a sensational debut by David Davidar , the CEO of Penguin Publishing in India . The book traces the lives of three generations of Dorais as they try to find their place in the world . Solomon Dorai , the patriarch of the family , must strive hard to keep his town , Chevathar , from erupting into violence as a result of caste disputes . Ultimately , Solomon falls victim to this very evil . Of Solomon &#65533; s two sons , Aaron is a hothead whose primary claim to fame is the successful clearing -LRB- in high-jump -RRB- of a massive well in Chevathar . The other son , Daniel , is much more worldly-wise and takes care of his family after a successful stint as `` vaidyan '' -LRB- doctor -RRB- . Daniel &#65533; s son , Kannan , chooses to move away from Chevathar and seek his fortunes in the white man &#65533; s -LRB- read occupiers , the British -RRB- tea estates . We see changes that afflict the Dorai clan -- assimilation into foreign cultures and even a `` love '' marriage in this generation . Finally we learn that even if your average Dorai strays far from Chevathar , he magically hears the call and always comes back `` home '' . Yawn!The biggest problem with Blue Mangoes is that the story is so mediocre . In a recent interview , Mr. Davidar mentioned how he wanted to write about all his childhood memories played out in South India . I wish he had stuck to that agenda and written a wonderful memoir of sorts . Instead , what he has done is tried to create a filler story around all his memories . And that is always a dangerous game to play . What &#65533; s worse , Davidar has tried to create a `` saga '' which means he throws everything but the kitchen sink in . You &#65533; ve got caste , caste , and more caste . You &#65533; ve got dowry , you &#65533; ve got oppressive husbands , subservient wives , man-eating tigers , the works . Davidar tries hard to create a panoramic effect but in the end , the book rambles too much . He needs a better editor . Another hindrance that many readers might find annoying is Davidar &#65533; s generous use of Tamil words with no translation or lexicon included.The one saving grace of `` House of Blue Mangoes '' is that it is a masaledar , spicy read . It would make a good beach book . But I would borrow my copy from the library . Spend your money on better books .
 This is another novel in the genre of the Macaulayite Indian trying his/her best to describe India to the West . The problem is that the synthesis is wanting because the author 's understanding is based on stereotypes that muddle where a straighter look would have shown reality for what it is .
 This book was a gift from a dear friend whose judgment I deeply respect . The explanation I tell myself for his giving me this novel is that he only read Part 1 of it . Indeed , those first 100 or so pages are terrific stuff , well written , descriptive , exciting , dramatic passages about caste hatred at the end of the 19th century in the south of India . I thought I had a great book on my hands . But then I went on to Part 2 and it 's as if the world had spun around 180 degrees . The writing became turgid , dull , forced , absurd , uninteresting , and even pointless in many places . I ran out of energy to go on with it , but forced myself forward , hoping for the fireworks that started the whole thing off , but I was sorely disappointed . At Part 3 , I shamefully admit I simply skimmed through , because I knew the convention of going forward to the next generation was taking place with the `` plot '' and frankly , I did n't care much about these rather characterless , flat parodies of people anymore . I blame the publisher for not more firmly editing the material and for not giving the author constructive criticism and direction . But there are few good editors , just as there are precious few good writers out there . I think Davidar has a gift , but it needs nurturing . I hope he gets it .
 David Davidar has apparently never heard of the saying `` less is more . '' His book has every cliche that you can connect with India -- the caste system , extended families , wretched poverty , etc , etc. . Of course , all these exist , but they should be included in a book only if they further the story . Perhaps that is just the problem . Davidar has a hard time getting a believable story together.Stick to publishing , Davy baby ! Leave writing to those who have the talent .
 After reading the two previous reviews I bought the kindle edition of this book . The first review for the paperback edition says that there are a lot of commentaries and clarifications ; the second review for the kindle edition is more a lesson on Aristotle than a review of this book , but gives 5 stars . But notice that the kindle edition has ONLY the translation
 This book is so boring I ca n't even bring myself to finish it . I 'm halfway through , and so far , all it talks about is the right side of the brain and left side of the brain and how they control your behavior and whether you are an intro or extrovert . Nothing about children , hidden gifts , dealing with an introverted child , bringing out the best in them , etc. - which is what I expected when I purchased the book . Honestly , not worth wasting your time reading it .
 I do n't doubt that this book has some helpful tips for parents with introverted children but just getting through the book in the first place was difficult . And while I do believe parents should help in some ways , the idea that you should change your whole way of doing things just to fit your introverted child is not going to help them when they get out in the real world and the real world does not cater to them like mommy and daddy did .
 I like the point made that non-pure bred dogs are wonderful and worth saving . However some of the `` catalogue '' of mixes was ridiculous . Example
 A somewhat interesting book if you do not know anything about mixed breed dogs . I do , and was looking for a book which had more photographs of mixed breed dogs , identified by their `` parentage . '' I also know about animal cruelty , and was shocked to find on page 102 , in the sidebar , a story about a Confederate soldier who was due to be executed and whose last request to Union soldiers -- that he be allowed to say goodbye to his dog -- was not only denied , but as the Confederate soldier was led away , his dog was beaten to death by the Union soldiers `` with their rifle butts . '' I did not expect to find this sort of material in such a book , and wish I had never read it . The story is supposed to illustrate how the soldier was saved by `` seeing '' the dog 's ghost , but it left me wishing I had n't known about it .
 As a library children 's department specialist , I 'm always on the lookout for books that look different and fun . So when I accidentally came across this book on Amazon I was delighted with the cover , which promised great collage illustrations , and wondered why our library did n't own it when most of the reviews sounded great . So I had our collections department order it , hoping I could use it for story time.What a letdown ! I still like the illustrations -LRB- well , most of them -- one or two look like the author-illustrator was just messing with paint -RRB- . So I 'll give it one star for those . But the text is so strange it just made me say `` What the heck ? '' If I read it for story time I 'm pretty sure the parents in the room would just look at me like I was nuts , or spouting some weird new-age stuff that no one could understand . It 's sad , because I actually liked the concept and the message about `` not all that glitters is gold '' . But frankly , the writing is pretty bad . It sounds like the hallucinations of someone who over-indulged in something stronger than ice cream.Don ' t believe the good reviews -- I 'm sorry I spent the library 's money on this one .
 This book was sent to me for review . I honestly do n't understand what any child or adult other than the author 's family would get from this expensively produced vanity book that has no focus , no story . As a scrapbook for relatives , it 's lovely . As a children 's book for others , it 's dreadful .
 Shari Donohue has a whimsical ice cream store in Newtown , PA where she prominently sells her eponomous book . The book itself has some interesting illustrations , but is not really worth reading . The platitudes and nonsense are filler for a personally cathartic vanity publication . Do n't bother .
 `` MASH goes to Paris '' is one of several sequels to the original `` MASH '' novel that were hastily written to cash-in on the then-recent TV series . These novels picked up where the original book left off and have very little to do with the TV series aside from a handful of characters like Hawkeye , Trapper John , Radar , etc. . Many fans -LRB- myself included -RRB- suspect that original author Hooker had very little to do with these books and that the bulk of them were really written by coauthor Butterworth.This particular novel starts off ok , with five of the key MASH characters -LRB- Hawkeye , Trapper , Radar , Henry Blake , and Hot Lips -RRB- reuniting in a somewhat contrived fashion during the early 1970s . The reunion of these characters is poignant in that we get a glimpse into what they might have done after leaving the 4077 back in Korea . This is also the best-written section of the novel . The rest , unfortunately , is what my theater professor would have called an `` accent comedy . '' Regional and ethnic stereotypes abound in the same way that they did in certain mainstream slapstick-style film comedies of the late 1960s . These characters , all drawn in broad cartoony strokes , are piled on one after another and eventually crowd out the original MASH cast.If you are a completist and can get this cheap , by all means do so . Otherwise , you probably ought to stay away .
 I think the author has a flawed perspective with cats . While some of the entries in this collection were slightly amusing , most portray kitties as vain , decadant and self absorbed , with few redeeming qualities . This was not the fun read I had hoped it would be .
 The internet changed everything , and it changes issues raised in this book -LRB- example -- the Twitter domino democracy starting in Egypt -RRB- . Today you can go on ` virtual tours ' so basing an entire ` bridge ' economy on tourism shows a fundamental misunderstanding of the first and third worlds . The problems of inequality stem from the lines of governmental forms and corruption , as opposed to increasingly spendy upbeat tourists -LRB- which the book focused on -RRB- . The internationalist movement described had little real power , because the people involved were persecuted by their respective regimes.In short , an older idealism even back in it 's day . Outdated and not worth reading , unless you are interested in the political-based advertising of third world tourism in the 1970-1980 's .
 This is a completely unrealistic book that does n't seem to grasp why the first world IS the first world .
 Whilst this edition/reprint includes the Charles Cotton supplement , the print quality is abominable . This is most evident when you look at the etchings and woodcuts . If you have seen the originals , they are crisp , clean and beautiful . In this book , they are little better than black smudges , with no fine detail visible . The tale in it 's completeness is one thing . The etchings and woodcuts should add a beauty and delight to the whole experience of reading and owning this book . This version , printed on poor quality paper , is a huge disappointment .
 I had hopes for this as I love Charlotte & Emily Bronte 's famousnovels but sadly this one is by Ann dreadfully slow and predictable . Ifound myself desperate for something to actually happen or for a glimmerof humour .
 Not all that interesting , esp if you have read a lot in this genre . This Bronte book is the closest of all the Bronte novels to a Jane Austen type of story . It is n't tragic , it plods along , lots of dialogue . It is obvious from the beginning what is going to happen at each turn -- unhappy marriage for money , an ill-treated governess who slooooowly falls for a clergyman , etc. . Very formulaic .
 I found this book to be of little to no value.The author neglects to mention uses of several of the plants in her book . For example , the author makes no mention of using burdock or Queen Anne 's lace for there roots . The roots of burdock are a delicacy in Japan.Additionally , wood sorrel should come with a warning to avoid consuming large amounts . The oxalic acid in wood sorrel can cause kidney stones in certain people.The author give no tips on identifying the plants referenced . Even more disturbing is the use of plants that have poionous copy cat plants , and the user is not warned individually about these plants . -LRB- Water Hemlock and Queen Anne 's Lace , balsam and yew -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB- . And if you are goingto eat the weeds , there are certainly resources with better content , and safety warnings than this book contains.-Your friendly forager
 This is one of the worse books I had ever had in my hands ... Oh , I 'm sorry ... Did I say book ? , no ... this is not a book , this is a bunch of photocopies -LRB- yes both side -RRB- stapled twice to a glossy card board cover.But forget about the physical part ... let 's talk about the content.It has no pictures , only very bad kindergarten drawings -LRB- copies of copies -RRB- where you can not really identify anything.The information about the plants you can find it in the internet very easy ... and maybe better information.This called `` book '' is a joke ... but it gave me a good idea ... I 'm going to write my own book ... as I can see , anybody can do it.I do not recommend it at all .
 This book is defintely not for the average curious reader . The depth and detail of this book are amazing , but the prose seems almost to be purposefully difficult to read . Another problem is the lack of maps . An extensive list of maps would greatly improve this book . So would more easily followed style . Unless you are an expert , this book may not be for you .
 ... that reads `` not for the layman '' . Granted , I have only read about 100 pages of this book , but I doubt I will get to the end . It is divided into 3 sections on the Huns , Ghengis Khan , and Tamerlane . So far , so good , right ? Nope . The author goes back and forth across such varied geographic areas and uses such far-flung place names so quickly that it is impossible for anyone without a PhD in Central Asian history or geography to keep up . Go ahead , I dare you to try . Now , I am not uneducated . I 've read some great epic histories by Robert Massie and Steven Runciman that were hundreds of pages long and kept my interest to the very end . `` Empire of the Steppes '' barely held my interest at all.There are a few reviews here that say this book is the best on it 's subject ; surely there has to be one written in the last 60 years that is better ... there has to be !! One written for the more casual reader who wants to be engaged , not overwhelmed .
 This is an example of the most God-awful types of `` history books '' -- the kind we hated during school . It feels like this woman wrote the book in order to impress her fellow professors , those who know in detail the dizzying , astoundingly-boring names of tribes , areas of Mongolia in the distant past.She does n't bother to explain the places in relation to anything now , nor the tribes in relation to anything -- and just goes on and on and on with name after name . Here is an example of what I mean in the first paragraph of the first chapter : `` The first known Eurasian route is that of the northern steppes . By this trail , in paleolithic times , the Aurignacian culture spread through Siberia -- an `` Aurignacian Venus '' has been found at Malta , not far from Irkutsk , on the upper Angara River -- and thence into northern China , where Teilhard de Chardin notes the presence of Aurignacian-type hearths buried in the loess at Kweitung , near Ningsia in Kasue , and at the Siara-osso-gol , southwest of Yulin in the northern region of Shensi . Similarly , the Magdalenian culture seems to be represented in Siberia -LRB- on the upper Yenisei -RRB- and in Manchuria -LRB- at Dolonnor -LSB- Tolun -RSB- , Manchouli , and Khailar -RRB- , and in Hopei . Here in the upper cave of Chowkowtien ... '' ad nauseum.No discussion of what `` Aurignacian '' culture IS . No map reference -LRB- i.e. See Figure 1 -RRB- . Even in terms of a dissertation or thesis , this is awful.Especially when I compare this with Jack Weatherford 's wonderful book Genghis Khan , which gives a brilliant overview and understanding of the impact of Genghis Khan , which has been distorted throughout history.I developed a fascination for Mongolian history lately , but this book -- does nothing to scratch that itch . And after 50 pages , I could see no redeeming value in the book or reason why I should plow through 539 pages of this muck.Even educational works should be interesting .
 Trying to pack 3 states of immense geography into 272 pages ? I 'm sorry , but I did n't find any real substance here . Most of the info is sketchy and seems very limited . It only seems to scratch the surface . Pick a state and stick to it .
 I admired Lutz 's throughness in accruing examples , and there are many interesting sidebars and historical illustrations , but there 's almost no point to this book at all . It reads somewhat like Marjorie Garber 's latest works , except it 's even more `` lite '' -- it 's as if he had been so busy finding things to discuss relative to tears that he forgot to spend time actually discussing what sorrow and sentiment and sentimentality actually mean .
 I absolutely and totally agree with Parenti 's view of the American empire but this book does nothing to clarify or validate the viewpoint . It is nothing but pulp . He mentions the US government/corporation attempts to take over countries in South America around the early 1900 's . True . He also mentions the American and European interference in the Middle Eastern oil producing countries after WWII . True . The problem is he talks about it almost as little as I just did . He thinly mentions it in passing to impress the reader with his knowledge . The rest of the book reads like a fictional bashing of America with no basses in reality . As I said I agree with a lot of Parenti 's ideas but I bought the book to read a documented , scholarly discussion of the topic and this was n't it . I never finished the book .
 The book is fine . However , if you are looking for an algorithmic exposition , with motives , an incite into how legal systems , corporations , finance , and world trade are manipulated in actual terms ... the book falls short . Regrettably , the author takes the position against the `` Empire '' and rails instead of elucidates . Not a very good read if you have a well researched opinion and you want more info .
 This book is not serious scholarship , it is merely an op-ed piece . The author , Michael Parenti does not provide any footnotes to back up his claims ; strange coming from a scholar from Yale . No matter how much is said that conforms to my beliefs about politics it simply can not be relied on as there is almost no evidence within .
 This is a great book ... provided you want neither facts nor logic to support your ideas . The section , `` Lefties Need Not Apply , '' on page 184 is particularly illuminating . I , of course , am not a leftist , but I do try to consider other points of view . I can not , however , consider Mr. Parenti anything but a complete fraud . Everything he says about the universities flies in the face of my experience . Does he actually expect us to believe that Women 's Studies departments , Anthropology departments -LRB- whose guiding principle is cultural relativism -RRB- , Sociology departments -LRB- whose entire analysis rests on race , class , and gender -RRB- , multiculturalism requirements , and a whole host other elements essential to the universities are anything other than leftism ? When given a long list of statistics with no documentation I can only ignore them . When given information that is so blatantly false I can only think that Mr. Parenti is engaging in a case of massive intellectual fraud . Another reviewer said that Mr. Parenti 's other books do have extensive documentation . Would you accept that excuse if it came from someone whose views you profoundly disagreed with ?
 There are two major problems with this book . First , for someone as passionate about music as Taj , there is very little about Taj 's music in the book . Other than the author 's experiences at a few shows , there is little discussion of Taj 's classic albums . It is n't until page 236 of the 280 page text that we get any substantive discussion of Taj 's music . Instead we get overwhelmed with stories of Taj 's 15 kids by about half a dozen women . Whether he 's at fault or not , it gets really boring reading about Taj 's kids and lovers talking about how Taj was n't there for them.The second problem with the book is the subject himself . Despite appearing to be a willing interviewee , Taj reveals himself to be one of those people who is simply incapable of answering the question , `` How did this make you feel ? '' When pressed for his feelings on events in his life , Taj invariably steers his answers into discussions on fishing or food or music.The author obviously made a solid effort to compile an oral history of Taj 's life , but would have been better served by focusing less on people 's thoughts on Taj himself and more on people 's opinions on Taj 's music .
 I am a huge fan of this great artist . But I have a problem with the book . It 's not an autobiography . The real author must 've cut some sort of deal with taj , because the real writer patiently gathered info from all corners of the earth . The only thing Taj seems to have done is a few lenghty interviews . It was disappointing to read of someone who has been so musically inspiring and yet so flawed as a regular guy . He 's fathered over a dozen children by several women , yet the book desperately tries to portray him as a man of integrity and high moral fibre.Taj has followed in the old bluesman tradition of loving and leaving . His legacy is littered with testimonials of people who desperately want to recognize his goodness , and yet the wounds his lifestyle has left them with are huge.The New Age , hippie rationales that his ` family ' blabs on and on with is almost laughable , unfortunately tragic.Unless you are a real fan of this musical genius , do n't bother with the book . Check out his albums instead .
 This book was interesting in it 's look back . I found no information that would have been relevent to the modern day casino , or the games of the 90 's . Readers would be better served to use the price of this book in a modern day quarter machine .
 The cover copy on this book bills it as prison break story but it 's mostly about how horrible it is to be trapped in a Soviet Gulag . An American escape artist is blackmailed by the CIA into going to the USSR disguised as a Russian dissident . He is supposed to get himself arrested and then break out of Lubyanka prison with a Russian scientist who knows some top secret information . Along the way he falls in love with the woman pretending to be his sister and then gets himself sent to a Siberian work camp -LRB- he does n't meet Ivan Denisovitch , though -RRB- . The whole book is very dreary and slow going . The prison escape highlighted on the back of the book does n't happed for a long time and then is mostly a matter of knocking out a guard . The author does seem to know a lot about the Soviet Union , though .
 I agree with Pork Chop T. Boring . No character development and a weird repetition of what would hopefully been a plot . I added a collection on my Kindle called `` Rejects '' .
 I loved the first book in this series , but this book lacked that same warmth . It is just chock full of totally bizarre characters and not enough of the good characters . I really tried to finish this book , but I just could n't care enough about what happens to anyone in it .
 This novel revives memories of an excellent BBC radio play in the early 1960 's and long had I searched for the book . After reading this work my impression , even after many years , is that the radio play was far superior , and I am left disappointed .
 I have to agree with what most reviewers say about Camus ' THE PLAGUE
 To put it bluntly , The Plague is not the best example of Albert Camus ' writing . The Plague was written after The Stranger and before The Fall and acts as a transition state between his other two major works . Somehow though , it is less effective than both its predecessor and its successor.The story is told through the narrative style that Camus favors , but in a more formal and impersonal style than what his readers would be familiar with . There is a noticeable lack of dialogue as the reader is lead through the events surrounding the outbreak of bubonic plague that Camus chronicles , leading to the problem of overly drawn-out passages . Overall , the structuring of this version is honestly very poor with seemingly minimal attention paid to syntactical continuity.Content-wise , The Plague is centered around existentialist ideas and explorations like the rest of Camus ' work . Like with every one of his novels , he pursues a different aspect of existentialism by variation of plot and presentation . The Plague explores the meaninglessness of human life aspect of existentialism , through the preoccupation of the villagers of Oran with their `` business '' and the meaninglessness in the way a plague begins to wipe out everyone . The intention of this is to prove the common conception that `` In fact , it comes to this
 The Plague by Albert Camus is neither his greatest work nor a breakthrough piece of literature . This book was just an extremely bland allegory of some parts of the Bible.In the beginning of the book , we see that the town of Oran is absorbed in itself , not really concerned with outside issues . The town is even built so that it faces away from the sea almost as to close itself off from the rest of the world . The town 's citizens blindly go about each day just trying to gain monetary success and riches . They are in a self-absorbed ignorant bliss.A plague descends upon this town and their everyday lives are disrupted . Father Paneloux gives a sermon to the frightened town saying that the plague is a sign of God 's discontent with the sins of the town . This is of relevance to the biblical flood , which was caused by the people 's losing touch with God , and a life of deeper purpose and meaning . As the plague progresses , Father Paneloux changes his view of the plague and calls it an `` ultimate test of faith '' . Obviously this resonates strongly with the story of Job and how was he was tortured by Lucifer to prove that if indeed Job had full faith in God . Camus describes these incidences with the least amount of care or interest . One might as well read straight from the source of the `` teachings '' of The Plague , the Bible.This book had very dry prose that was difficult to get through . Camus 's trademark existentialist flavor and intrigue was also sorely lacking , in my opinion . There is nothing in this book that one ca n't get from elsewhere . Spend your money and time on Le Etranger -LRB- The Stranger -RRB- .
 Dr. Rieux , the main character of the novel , moves throughout the book in a detached surreal hopeless manner . He goes thru the motions of `` doing his job '' while death surrounds him from a wide spread and accelerating plague.I find Jose Saramago 's `` Blindess '' to be a far superior book to The Plague . Similar theme and concept but more descriptive and moving . The Plague was clinical in its approach - almost bloodless.I found this highly acclaimed book to be very difficult to re-read , often having to re-read many pages over and over . I would pass on this book .
 The book is fantastic ; Edenbook 's sloppy , negligent conversion to kindle is a waste of your time.What Edenbooks does is take a public domain work , run it through a substandard text recognition program , then foist it on the public without so much as a proof read . It is basically one long text file , without chapter headings or Kindle-enabled sections.There are so many typos , many of them confusing grammatical typos that lose sentence ends and , combined with their spelling-check word-swapping , create strange meaningless run-on travesties , that the reading experience is ruined.These guys are parasites on the ebook world , trying to manufacture income from as little work or care as possible , and churning out unreadable garbage that gets good reviews anyway because all the reviewers are reviewing the original work , not Edenbook 's incompetance . Amazon should shut them down .
 My son had to read for high school literature class - content was disgusting - Not recommended for young adult
 Actually , this is the kind of book that confirms my prejudices against Nobel prize winning literature , it is a mere construction , the characters are not human they are robots.This is a book about one city 's struggle against the plague , where we get to meet a variety of characters of which none are lovable or even believable . Why does Camus write a book when he obviously has no interest in the subject , and no passion for what he is doing . There are no humour in this book , only a few obscure details carefully planned out within the book . For example the guy who is trying to write the perfect novel , who is still working on the perfection of the first sentence , Camus does not seem interested in this character , instead you get the feeling he 's just been sitting at home making up these characteristics . This book is indeed what intellectual bullshiters like to call `` classic literature '' , the language is perfect and of course without any nerve or anything else indicating that the author is putting down a part of himself in the writing , and of course there is no change of tone in the book indicating any emotional commitment by the author , the book just struggles on in the same silent tone , on and on . For Camus literature does n't seem to be an artform , it 's just work , and the only part of him that goes in to it are his opinions.Did Camus commit suicide or was it really a caraccident that ended his life , one might ask , and it surely would n't soprise me if it actualy was a suicide , because there are no hope in his books , just mere depression , he ca n't even see how pathetic he seems painting the whole world black , convincing himself that he is the only one suffering . No , grant the nobel prize to authors like Boris Vian , Raymond Queneau , Georges Darien , Alfred Jarry and Paul Bowles instead , because boring pessimists as Albert Camus are not good representatives for 20th century literature.My conclusion therefore is that I can recommend noone to read this book , because reading it does n't give you anything back , it 's so boring you have to struggle your way through it , and it has a tone that makes you depressed , because there 's no hope , the world is black and nothing you can do will make anything better .
 I found the book extremely dull and boring . I can on the other hand understand and apprecitate why it 's regarded as a classic . Camus ` es style of writing conveys emotions very well and is more suited for a people who are very much into philosophy.Camus used the word `` abstract '' in a way I never thought of using it and found that very interesting . The plague represents an `` abstraction '' because it is so difficult to comprehend . The plague kills many people and forces everyone in the city into internment camps . The book centers around three characters one of whom is a doctor . The three characters are unusually contemplative and philosophical . This is what dulled the book for me . The characters simply did n't seem like real people and I could not see them as anyone I 'd ever meet . Another thing about the story that bothered me was the fact that the events described was a fictional account of events taking place in an Algerian town , yet Arabs are seldom mentioned . There is no mention at all of the Arabic language or Islam . There is no trace of Arabic or Islamic influence anywhere . No one in the book has an Arabic or Islamic name , there are no Muslims anywhere . There are many parts of the book however that mention Christianity and churches . So it 's also very culturally biased .
 This book is a real disappointment after reading `` The Stranger '' . It is effectively a journal-like chronicle on devastation the plague caused to a town.There is not much more to it . Characters are dull and uninteresting unlike those in `` The Stranger '' . There is not much of a plot apart from chronicling the plague progression and some booring people it is killing.Two lessons I learned from reading it
 I tend to agree with some minority reviewers that this book is boring and dull . It has some interesting thoughts here and there , but that is all . All in all , the book is quite over rated .
 the book was boring because it was the same thing through out the whole book . its just about people dying from a plague . dont read it .
 The book was old , but readable , I felt disappointed by the condition of the book .
 I guess this should be more like 3 stars , but I am baffled by these rave reviews . I started this in high school and abandoned it after about 100 pages because it seemed to be going nowhere.Last year I read The Stranger and loved it -LRB- although it 's a much quicker read -RRB- , and figured my immaturity and impatience had made me miss some important underlying themes and developments in The Plague.But nope , I was totally correct and wish I had n't just wasted these hours . You can literally read the first 100 pages of this book -LRB- maybe less -RRB- , and the last 20 or so , and you have n't missed a beat.There are two types of people in The Plague
 Here 's the deal on this Kindle book from EbookEden . Most , if not all , of the commentary and analysis preceding the book are copied verbatim from Wikipedia , without any attribution . The book itself is the translation from the French by Stuart Gilbert . However , the version from EbookEden has typographical errors not in the printed version and -- worse -- lacks chapters , which the printed version has . The chapters in the printed version I have from Vintage Books are marked by a graphic symbol , rather than numbers , but clearly mark transitions . The lack of chapters in the EbookEden version makes reading the book awkward , and oftentimes very confusing . Moreover , where the printed version uses dashes for emphasis , the EbookEden Kindle version substitutes commas , which deemphasizes what the author sough to emphasize . In other words , they have changed the book.Had this been the only version of `` The Plague '' that I read , I would have lost some of its meaning . Yes , this EbookEden Kindle book is cheap , but for the damage it does it should not even be free . As a new Kindle user this has taught me a precious lesson
 This book , whether inadvertently or not , revolves around Part Two when a child dies from the plague and Father Paneloux delivers a sermon about God 's vengeance for man 's sin . Dr. Rieux criticizes this sermon by noting that the innocence of children should not incur God 's wrath . Paneloux 's retort is quite shallow , when he says that God `` tests '' us through suffering . Camus is essentially doing two things here
 This book has no emotion , depth or human insight . It reads like a clinical analysis . Boring and disappointing as was the Stranger .
 if you like to feel depressed , then by all means read this book ... it is dark and imaginary smells are those of death ... yuk ... totally discusting .
 As an accompaniment to the program MacLogic for an upper level course I can see where this book would have a place . Unfortunately my introduction to it was tutoring for an introductory class . The material is well written and organized but far too densely written , particularly for students who have never had a logic class before and are coming from questionable mathematics backgrounds . That there is no index of symbols just makes navigating the text that much more difficult.On another level , the author seems to eschew a good many things that many other logic courses -- at least those I 've seen and taken -- use in depth . Things like Modus Ponens are barely touched on in favor of `` v E '' -LRB- disjunction elimination -RRB- . This seems unusual for an introductory textbook in the field , though I am not familiar enough to know for certain .
 It is important to be forewarned that this is not a good text for an introductory logic class . I have taught classes using several other texts , and , although they had their flaws , the Forbes ' text has flaws that are almost unsurmountable for the typical lower-division college student . The explanations , though creative , are not clear enough , and the flow of topics is out of sorts . For example , the exercises which accompany the sections start out too difficult to be any aid in helping the introductory student grasp the techniques . In short , for upper-division courses or for people who already have a logic background , this is an interesting book and might be worth a look , but it fails miserably as an introductory text .
 Come on Steven Wakefield is the most unbeliveable character . He must be the most naive guy on the planet . I am totally disgusted by him . In the book he is so obessed with his dead girl friend he starts dating a girl who looks like her . I think this is a morbid topic not worthy to be written about . Sweet Valley High needs better writers if they want to sell any books at all
 If you 're a Tarot beginner trying to learn the cards and how to use them , you should get a book to provide more in-depth information than the tiny pamphlet that came packed with your deck . This book is NOT the one to get.Though I have found the Rider-Waite deck to be the most accurate and useful , A.E. Waite 's explanation of it leaves much to be desired . One gets the impression from leafing through this volume , that Mr. Waite knew very well what he was talking about , but was frustratingly unable to convey it in plain language for the layman . The card descriptions are loaded down with mystical mumbo-jumbo that perhaps made sense to an initiate of the Golden Dawn , but is going to leave a modern Tarot dabbler scratching his head in perplexity . Even in the chapters where Waite presents simple divinatory meanings for each card -LRB- the same as what 's printed in the little booklet that comes with the Rider deck -RRB- the interpretations seem arbitrary since Waite does not sufficiently explain WHY the card would mean that . Many of the possible interpretations are wildly contradictory , and I have found some of them to be inaccurate and misleading . Overall not a very helpful book .
 This review will cover Hulk Essential Vol 's 1 and 2 . I love Hulk . Have for years but i recommend this for hardcore fans who want to read the green guys early adventures and see where the character came from and how he developed . The first 6 issues are cool albeit a bit corny on the dialog , everything else that follows is sort of disappointing if your looking for comprehensive or cohesive plots . Many of the stories have Hulk wandering around where he suddenly gets adbucted by some strange being from another dimension and is either attacked or used to do the villians bidding . This seems to repeat over and over especially in Vol 2 . Once in awhile the Hulk/Betty relationship is explored and its one of the nice aspects of Hulk , and thus pretty much always has been even in future issues . I love Hulk . I love the action and I love the history behind him that is presented in these 2 books . A few of Hulk 's greatest foes encounter him for the first time here , but for the most part the stories were hard to get through for me because of the very , very corny 60 's dialog . I also find it annoying that characters seem to describe things that they do in mid action , like `` Oh , no I just fell of this mountain , I hope I can hang on or I 'll be doomed . '' Get these if your a huge Hulk fan , if you 've never been interested in him I think you 'd find these way too cheesy even as an introduction to the character . But I ca n't say these issues are all bad , they just had a certain way of writing comics back then that seem really silly by today 's standards . If they release a Vol . 3 you know I would pick it up in a minute , but more for nostalgia 's sake then the weight of the story telling .
 after reading some of the other Hulk books like boling point , Abominal , Ground zero , and Dogs of war I saw this at a book storeand thought the hulk in his early dayes are proboly no diffrent from the books I read so I bought it . Big mistake . The green hulk does talk and like a complete idiot too . Was that freak the Leader ? I do n't think so . Bruce Banners now dead wife Betty actedlike a idiot . One star becouse The Hulk and Abomination have a cool fight in this but it 's not even that good . If you are looking for somethin were the hulk and Abomination fight get Abominal , In that Bruce meet 's the Abomination 's aboused wife . Better yet , get the Tv series .
 I was asked to read this book -LRB- along with several others from this author -RRB- , by a friend . I am a Christian who holds a Biblical worldview and found this book to be interesting in many ways , but off the , ark in some ways too . If you have a strong Bible background ... you can sift the wheat from the chaff in this book and the Spirit will certainly speak through it . If not , I suggest you run from it and do n't allow this into your head .
 nothing to write home about . Just the intro of his personal story was good .
 Nothing more , nothing new compares to the one . This book contains a lot of paranormal things about the dimension of holy spirit . This book is not fundamental to the readers . Not really insteresting because when you speak about the Word of God with such a personnal and subjective views of interpretation , nothing could be take for serious ...
 If your a beginner at coin collecting this may be okay for you.This book has hard to view pictures -LRB- not photographs -RRB- of the coins being used as samples . This alone can confuse the beginner , as imperfections appear on the pictures and may be mistaken for the actual coin . The written descriptions and arrows point to too specific areas . The areas to be scrutinized are much broader than the head of the arrow . A better book for the beginner is HOW TO GRADE U.S. COINS by James L. Halperin.It uses a color code system that is much easier to follow and the pictures have much better detail . Also type coins for newer coins are NOT dicussed .
 This brief graphic novel is Alan Moore 's attempt at doing a Cthulhu mythos type story and Moore falls a bit short . The basic -LRB- very basic -RRB- plot tells of an undercover FBI agent who is trying to solve a series of gruesome murders that are similar , but have been committed by several different people in different locales . This agent specializes in being able to find connections where others ca n't , although if the average reader ca n't see these connections you 'd have to be brain dead . Moore tosses in a lot of Lovecraftian references such as Clark Ashton Smith ' Zothique and Robert W. Chamer 's `` The yellow Sign '' as well as nods to Arthur Machen as well . Those who are familiar with Lovecraft and those who influence him will roll their eyes at `` club Zothique '' and those not familiar wo n't know what in the hell that Moore is talking about anyway . It 's all a little much . This is definitely a book for adults with the violence , language and racial slurs made by the FBI agent about blacks . One wonders where Moore was going with this angle . It had no bearing on the story at all . The art by Jacen Burrows was decent but not enough to make me recommend this one .
 Well , I 've read some other Alan Moore 's graphic novels , such as V , Watchmen and The killing joke . I thought those were fantastic , very creative pieces of art.Then I read that the Courtyard will be finally available and that it 's probably the best he has done , very intricate plot , blablablah and what do you know ? my hopes went sky high.What I got was a short story , macabre , dense , nicely delivered , but that was pretty much it . The plot is very straight forward , it did n't impact me as much as I thought.Maybe I did n't get it , maybe I 'm still expecting this to be a serie , with subsequent installments , maybe I need to be more Moore to understand the deepness.Right now I think it was a very expensive item for what I got .
 I am a big fan of H.P. Lovecraft and the Cthulhu Mythos . Many authors have done a wonderful job adding to this mythos . This story is not one of them . In fact , the most entertaining thing about the book was the introduction.Alan Moore does a fine job showing us that he is familiar with many details of the Mythos . He does this the same way he showed his familiarity with Victorian literature in The League Of Extraordinary Gentlemen.But unlike in League we do not have a story to hang the references on . We are introduced to an investigator who specializes in seeing the patterns in chaos . He is very good at his job . He is currently undercover looking into a series of unconnected murders.My real problem is that the story has only one character . He starts off as a genius seeing connections no one else can . But then , when the obvious is in front of him , he sees no onnections whatsoever.The story is very nicely illustrated in a clean black and whit by Jacen Burrows but clean art can not save a story that is not there . Very disappointing .
 This is the most poorly executed HPL homage I have ever had the sad duty to own .
 This is something you can not do . The Cthulhu mythos begins and ends with Lovecraft as far as I 'm concerned . It 's just not scary when anyone else tries it . Do n't get me wrong I love Moore 's earlier work . From Hell is the last thing he did worth buying and it could 've benefited from major editing . If you 're interested in Alan Moore check out Watchmen , V for Vendetta , or The Complete DR and Quinch . If you 're interested in the Cthulhu mythos go for Lovecraft .
 There is no doubt that Mr. Jones thoroughly believed everything he wrote . He was a convinced believer in Hauptmann 's innocence.However , there are three substantial problems with this book . First , it is a tedious read at best . The writer rambles incessantly and one can not read this book for more than fifteen to twenty minutes at a time without taking a break or screaming . The book is about 150 pages too long.Second , there are enormous factual errors and inaccuracies throughout the book . Mr. Jones was clearly researching and writing with the express goal of finding Hauptmann innocent . Consequently , there is no objectivity.Finally , Mr. Jones has printed numerous rumors and tabloid tales from the 1930 's and cited them as fact . The equivolent would be for a writer seventy years from now to claim that aliens visited the Earth during the 1990 's based upon citations to the World Weekly News and other supermarket tabloids .
 This book illustrates exactly the reason why decent women need so much help in escaping destructive and exploitative relationships with men .
 Do n't waste your time or money on this cheap and poorly written book . There are MUCH better books out there .
 This is a great book , if you are desperate for sex and just want to have sex with any female that 's WILLING regardless of what she looks like . I can paraphrase the entire book : Go out to bars and make eye-contact with every girl you see . If no one makes eye contact with you , go to a different bar . When a girl makes a lot of eye contact with you , go talk to her , talk , talk , talk , then try to bring her home.There are SOME good points in the book , like why stay in a crappy bar all night with no women , drinking yourself silly when you could go to another bar that does have women . And keep your head up and make eye-contact . I did notice after reading this book that I normally look down or at the floor instead of looking up at oncoming girls . So that 's definitely valuable . I keep my head up now and look for eyes.But all this book does is help you find the girls `` that are looking '' . It does n't help with girls that are n't looking . And what really hot girl is going to be looking ?? It says NOTHING about what they look like . Per this book , going into a bar and making eyecontact with a 200 pound woman who is a 5 on the 1-10 scale and taking her home would be a succcess . I do n't need sex that badly . I 'm not interested in taking home `` anything '' . I 'm interested in meeting very attractive women . This book does not help with that at all . It takes the `` Take what you can get '' approach . No thanks . I think that 's bad for your self esteem . I 've read other pick-up books and I 'd recommend `` The Game '' or anything by Mystery or David D'Angelo before you waste money on this book . And if I can soapbox for a second - Do n't feel bad about reading Pick-up books . Pick up is a SKILL , just like anything else . There 's no need to feel shame for learning a new skill . It 's all just social-skills . A skill frankly that most cute girls have us beat at because they are hit-on ALL the time . I for one want to level that playing field .
 First and foremost there is no SYSTEM . -LSB- ... -RSB- He 's stretched everything most guys -LRB- who are n't total geeks -RRB- already know about meeting women into 100 pages . Maybe the author is a player , but he either does n't know what he does that attracts women , who he just ca n't describe it , -LRB- Most likely the former -RRB- . He shares deep secrets like Woman love when men cook for them . Is there actually a heterosexual or homosexual male out there that this is a startling revelation to ? The other secrets Valentine shares in his book are just as amazing . Do your homework beforehand like I did n't . -LSB- ... -RSB- . Think of one of the best books you 've ever read from Amazon and look at it 's ratings . My first clue should have been the editing . Simply put , there was none . Misspellings and grammatical errors are rampant throughout . DO ANYTHING ELSE WITH THE MONEY THIS BOOK WOULD COST YOU . You 'll be much better off and 100 pages later , you wo n't be mad at yourself .
 There is nothing of any value in this book . It 's only 200 pages long , yet more than 50 pages are devoted to the author telling you how great his system is . As it turns out , there is no system . It 's just a guy telling you to be confident . He also talks about 3 different types of women but never goes into detail about how to recognize these types . Overall , a complete waste of time .
 Trust me , guys , this does n't work unless you 're a stud . It 's all based on making `` eye contact '' , and no girl is gon na be giving you ` eye contact '' unless you 're an attractive stud . For the average joe , forget it , this just does not happen in real life .
 This book gives a person scant sound advice on how exactly to approach women -LRB- even the so-called `` 1 % '' - ers -RRB- that make eye contact with you and are -LRB- purportedly -RRB- interested in sex with you that day -LRB- beyond what 's simple common knowledge -RRB- . And even if you do get a desirable woman out in public to make eye contact with you -LRB- which often only happens in a setting conducive to it - e.g. , like a bar , a classroom , a ballgame , or the beach , whereby people spend more than a few passing moments in the same general space -RRB- , you 'll still need a large dose of confidence to pull it all off . Her eye contact only indicates her initial interest in you ; and you 'll most likely still need to open your mouth and talk and build attraction -LRB- aka `` escalate '' -RRB- at some point to cross the goal line . -LRB- And if you have that sort of confidence and ability you really would n't need this book in the first place , because there 's not enough quality info in here to improve your game . -RRB- Maybe I missed something ? Though , I 'd say if you have absolutely no experience with women , then there 's some minor tidbits in here that will help . -LRB- Such as the signals a woman will send when she 's interested , or the little bit on flirting . -RRB- But these same topics have been covered at such great length and depth -LRB- and much better -RRB- by so many authors that I wonder why anyone would think -LRB- unless they have n't read anything else similar -RRB- why this book is superior -LRB- in any way -RRB- to those others ... There 's simply not a lot of substance here in the supposed 208 pages ; of which a lot is semi-pornographic sketches and large-type print in a paperback book . All told , you 're getting a quantity of text equivalent to about 1/4 of a normal-sized book ; so do n't expect an `` Art of Seduction '' - type treatise with this one . I 'd be very skeptical of anyone that gives this book more than 2 stars . Or maybe they 've just never read another book of this type . The fact is that if you 're a little experienced you 'll already know what 's in this book ; and if you 're not , this book is only a smattering of what you 'll need to know to be truly successful with women . The author may be a bona fide pickup artist , but -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- he 's left out too many of the critical details for this to be worth your hard-earned money .
 I only gave this book 2 stars because it felt like a disspointment . Purchasing this book over the internet without looking through the book first at a local bookstore was a mistake . The System had a few good points , but on the whole it basically restates common facts like making eye contact , playing hard to get , and some basic psychology of women . When I first got the book I was surprised that it was so small ; easily readable the first time through . Mispellings and typos also caught me offguard for a published book with such a distinguished ranking on Amazon . I wish there were more precise intructions/outlines for do 's rather than dont 's -LRB- ie . miroring a woman 's bodylanguge -RRB- . My advice to you is to skim through the book before you purchase it to see if its of value to you . I am considering purchasing The Art of Seduction by Robert Greene as a necessary follow-up .
 If you dated in high school or if you 've ever had sex , this book will teach you nothing . It 's like reading a gunnery manual written by pacifists . The `` System '' is boring , trite and useless .
 Small book with somewhat large type , not finished reading it , and not really buying into it yet -LRB- maybe too soon to tell -RRB- . My Amazon purchase included 3-publications -LRB- similar ilk -RRB- . Within a very short time -LRB- minutes -RRB- of making the online purchase , there was an identity hack against my credit card . Coincidence?I 'm reconsidering making future purchases through Amazon .
 I purchased this book because I enjoyed reading Doc Love 's articles on Askmen.com , however this is NOT his book . This book is more comical than of any practical use . To be honest , I would not try any of these techniques on women unless you are already very good with women .
 A male friend of mine had a copy of this laying around his apartment , so I borrowed it.Unbelievable . While some of the advice is useful -LRB- for more than just nerds -- some guys really just ca n't get in touch with how a woman thinks -RRB- , most of it is sexist trash . Not only does it tell a guy what kind of girl he should date -LRB- she must meet specific personality and looks criteria -RRB- , it tells a guy that he should drop a woman at any time who is n't giving to him and sucking up to his standards.A note
 It 's actually a common sense ... get muscular , be handsome ... have a lot of money ... blah .
 I had really high hopes when I decided to buy The System . The first chapter was really good and I was really excited to read on . That 's because it talked about thoughts that limit a man 's confidence like thinking she 's a good girl and would n't put out , which could stop you from talking to her . From there it was disappointing . I am not going to write what I thought but instead I made a brief list of suggestions found in this book off the top of my head : - Lift weights-Make eye contact-Go to the beach before sunset to meet girls.-Go to the mall to meet girls-Make eye contact with girls in church.-If a girl brushes up against you in a bar it may be a good sign.-Show her photo albums of trips that you had mentioned to her.The book even provides cooking recipes to make for `` B '' women to make for dates . The recipes looked good but it 's not what I wanted.This book is not what I wanted but I realize that some people may like this sort of advice . Unfortunately , did n't get anything out of this book .
 This was a nice try but a little off the mark . It reminded me of those little commercials in the 50s on how to be popular . Remember those?So as a woman , may I counter the ideas in the book and try to help some of you poor slobs out by giving you the REAL tips to getting `` laid '' ? 1 -RRB- DO N'T call it `` getting laid '' . And if you bought this book , hide it .2 -RRB- Take a shower and BRUSH YOUR TEETH -LRB- if you really want to turn her on wear cologne ... smells are VERY important -RRB- 3 -RRB- Did you ever think about what 's in it for her ? How are YOU going to make the potential sex worth her while ? If you do n't know how to turn her on , how in the world are you going to get her off ? Start out by reading `` She Comes First . '' You can mention that that is one of your favorite books while seducing her ... it might help .4 -RRB- Instead of trying to focus on `` looking in her eyes '' a certain way or silly things like that ... try REALLY looking at her . What is sexy about her ? We know you guys will sleep with anything , but stop for a minute and ask yourself why you want to sleep with this one ? You might become GENUINELY attracted to specific things about her and when a woman feels that kind of attraction , she is more open to having sex .5 -RRB- Do n't make promises you 're not going to keep . Be honest . We really do like that better . The sex is n't better when you trick a woman .6 -RRB- for a woman you are dating or seeing several times , get her little things to get her in the mood ... like an erotic book . Try Bedtime Stories for Women by Nancy Madore . That 's a good one . You could even read it to her .7 -RRB- ASK HER to have sex with you .8 -RRB- If at first you do n't succeed , try and try again . Do n't be such babies . It is not the end of the world to be turned down.Good luck !
 I did n't find anything in this book I did n't already know . I would admit I did n't try the methods as I believe they are just as bad as mine haha.If your coming up empty with dating or even if your looking for the love of your life then my highest recommendation goes to the book that helped me find my Fiancee '' How to get the woman of your dreams using the Internet '' The Autor has found out where to look and how to get any person of the opposite sex you want online and shares it with all of us . A homerun for us searching for true love !
 I bought this books strictly for research . Just another tired old how `` hump 'em and dump 'em '' book . The author seems to have a deep rooted hatred and fear of women , tho he claims to love them . He imagines that we have all sort of elaborate games complete with point systems that we use with men , but his whole book is all playing games with women & about knocking hot women down a peg or two . For every `` sucess '' story he tells -LRB- a tale of how he got some `` hot '' women to take her panties off for him in 5 miniutes -RRB- there are probobly 50 stories of women telling him to take a hike and laughing in his face at his foolish , cheezy , pick up games .
 The entire contents of this book could fit on one page of paper.The remainder of the book is filled with art and babble . There 's even recipes in the back -LRB- not kidding -RRB- . Do not buy this book unless you want to learn first hand how to get ripped off today .
 I was hoping that this book contained some useful theory on how to pick up more women but I was very disappointed with it . The suggestions contained are vague and boring . Reading it I felt like it was all common knowledge . There are some good points here and there but overall a poor book .
 My girlfriends were acting so weird I finally asked one what was going on . She said my boyfriend had been hitting on every woman in our circle . I called my sister to boo-hoo and she said he had tried with her , too.After I kicked him out , my sister and I were turning the mattress and I found this book . My sister said this was the stuff he was trying . We called my girlfriends over to party and we read this silly system out loud . What a hoot ! Women ca n't read a single page without laughing.I found out why my friends were acting so weird . My boyfriend 's act was so obvious that my friends thought I must be testing them to see if they would betray me . The Valentine System is so juvenile that every woman who has read it giggles that no one smart enough to read is stupid enough to believe any of this will work.All these rave reviews testify that only dorky men would buy this book . If you need The Valentine System , you need a lot of OTHER things money wo n't buy .
 I read this book because the title suggested that the author had some valuable information to deliver . Unfortunately , the only advice the author gives you is completely worthless . Basically he tells you to go for women that give you eye contact . Unless you are very good-looking , the only women that will notice you are fat and or ugly . In fact , I did an experiment in a variety of venues to see how much eye contact people would give you . It is surprising how often most people do not want to look another person in the face , in the workplace , in clubs , shopping , etc. . Do n't waste your time here guys .
 I have no idea why I got this for my Kindle . Maybe just for kicks - I do n't know . Most of the advice is lame - the reviewer who said this could fit on one piece of paper is correct.One thing that I did think about - aside from an occasional moment of self destructive nihilistic fervor - why would any man or woman want to meet someone and immediately have sex with them ? I mean most of the women I am around are professional and would probably be fun in bed . But these ladies are almost all married and have self respect . If I was younger and single and employed this system I would be afraid of getting an STD . I am not being shrill and talking about AIDS , but herpes etc - something that can haunt you for a long time . If we assume what this guy says is true -LRB- maybe , but I doubt it -RRB- the odds are that he has contracted an STD from one of these stellar ladies who he has picked up . I have nothing wrong with getting some action , but come on , you have to vet the woman a little . If shes dripping and smells like a petri dish something is wrong ; or , if she has open sores and track marks , amybe you should go bang someone else.On the other hand , this is such BS that I doubt it would really work or would really add to anyones repitiore if they already get laid on a regular basis.That being said , for fun I tried seeing who would give me eye contact , etc. . I went out alone to a bar and spoke to some women - all were what author calls Type B or ignore or whatever he says . One chick was mega cute but I had to pull back because I am married . I do n't think I would have gottne her , but we did exchange business cards . -LRB- She looks like Anne Hathaway - nice bangs -RRB- I went out with a female collegue and noticed that I got exponentially more `` eye contact '' . -LRB- But anyone reading this book knows that that happens a lot as women are always into other chicks guys or at least curious -RRB- All in all , this would be a good book to read if you got it for free . But do n't waste your dough . And , if you do use a system , just make sure you do n't get some disease from a skank with no self esteem who confuses sex for intimacy .
 This book is only for the most shy , least confident and the most clueless with women men out there . I 'll sum up the book for ya ... Do n't waste time on scoping for girls that do n't make eye contact with you , they 're not attracted to you . When you notice that a girl holds her stare and smiles at you or gives you a double look , charge on in for a conversation . Once in make her work for your attention , do n't give it away that you 're attracted to her . Once you 're convinced she 's into you , go for the score ... That 's it ...
 I picked this book up when i was beginning to get good with women . I had no theory or anything , i just did what seemed natural to me . I wanted to get even better so i picked it up and decided to do as it said . Whosh - game gone.First - this book tells you not to touch women . ANYONE good with women will tell you that touching , or Kino is the MOST IMPORTANT THING . It is VITAL . This book tells you the opposite . It 's like telling somebody to go skydiving without a parachute . You 're bound to crash.Second - it tells you ONLY to approach women who are staring at you . Anyone else is n't interested . This is SO WRONG . Almost as wrong as the first.Don ' t buy this book if you are planning to succeed with women .
 Two stars . It 's gorgously applied paperback coffee table book , those kind of showoff photos with a little text books that you put out to impress company , a living room prop kind of book . It weighs a ton -LRB- a literal exaggeration , true -RRB- -- well , a few pounds , at 217 or so pages , heavy slick almost cardstock paper , not so great binding . A very big paperback photo album paperweight . For content , you can think of this as a kind of very exaggerated sales brochure of past acts . Even what little text it has is spaced deeply apart to stretch out the appearance of content , like the double - and triple-spacing trick used by undergrad students to stretch out the apparently length of a skimpy term paper . More or less , each artist mentioned gets maybe two paragraphs of anecdotes . But it does have beautifully applied photos -LRB- how many are new to anyone outside Capitol , I ca n't say -RRB- . My particular gripe with having bought this book a few years ago as a shot-in-the-dark attempt to get some decent information about Capitol artists generally is the complete lack of THE two major reasons I bought it
 Paul Strange 's text should not be used by Graduate Students who are learning Relativistic Quantum Mechanics . Strange leaves much to be desired in his method for presenting topics and in his writing style . It seems more of a collection of his papers meant for other professors presented at colloquia rather than a coherent and understandable text meant for learning from . Purchase only if you intend to buy or have access to the numerous other texts referenced to on practically every page.I rate this advanced physics text
 As opposed to the general consensus of the other reviews on this book , I found Levey 's Florence to be SUB-PAR compared to other works on the same topic . His understanding of Florentine history is poor and often down right insulting -LRB- his remarks that the vibrant political life in the early communal period was like the `` mafia '' is a fine example -RRB- . His insistence on the greatness of Sienese art and on Northern Renaissance Art are wholly inappropriate in a book on Florence . It would be like writing a book on the history of the British Empire and constantly making a point to discuss imperial Russia or Rome . Let 's focus on the topic at hand and save the other comments for other books . Mr Levey announces his lack of ability as a historian at the beginning of the work and he is certainly accurate . A much better read is Florence by Gene Adam Brucker .
 The book is very well written , easy to read , informative , yet really unpractical . The author is bent on rendering a not so complex issue really Byzantine . The amount of money you need to retire so your lifespan does not exceed the one of your retirement portfolio is not that complicated of an issue . Let 's say you want to retire on $ 100,000 a year . Assuming that you and your spouse will pull $ 30,000 a year from Social Security , and $ 20,000 a year from old defined benefit pension plans ; you have a gap of $ 50,000 . As a short cut , you can use the Dividend Discount Model to value stock . Using a conservative after tax investment return of 7.5 % and a long term inflation rate of 2.5 % , by dividing $ 50,000 by -LRB- 7.5 % - 2.5 % -RRB- you need $ 1,000,000 in your own retirement funds -LRB- 401K , IRAs -RRB- to retire . In reality , you need a bit less because the Dividend Discount Model assumes you live forever.However , the author ponders on the above number for over 250 pages . What if the Social Security system is semi-privatized as the Bush administration is talking about ? If you are over 55 , the current system is grandfathered . Given Bush momentum , Social Security reform as of now is not forthcoming anyway . How about if your employer goes bust , and your pension evaporates . Depending on who is your employer this may be an unlikely outcome . Otherwise , the Government picks up the tab and typically pays you at least 50 to 75 cents on the dollar . If this is a concern , use just 50 % to 75 % of your expected pension income in the calculation mentioned above . The author mentions other complications including the fallacy of using average returns in your calculations and instead using Monte Carlo simulation method . Now some mutual fund companies have included Monte Carlo engines within their retirement advice section of their websites . This is however not for the faint of heart from a quantitative standpoint . A nifty short cut around it , is to use different scenarios with overly conservative investment returns -LRB- within the calculation shown in above paragraph -RRB- to explore some `` what if '' worst cases.The author has also a very strange idea of what the middle class is . He clearly confuses the Easterners top deciles with annual income over $ 200,000 , net worth in the millions , and very self-actualized and successful careers with what the middle class really is . Well , people like that really do n't have to worry much about the numbers . For the author and this group , it is pretty easy to say retirement planning is a lot more than just about the numbers.If you want practical advice on retirement planning and investing , let me recommend a far superior book
 I picked up The Number hoping for some practical tips -- maybe formulas and exercises to help me plan for the future . But halfway into the book , I was so depressed I could barely muster the energy to turn the page.People with many millions more than me are worried to death that they do n't have enough for retirement . And here I was thinking we were pretty well prepared to retire comfortably.Clearly , I 'm completely out of touch -- or else Eisenberg is.Eisenberg 's world is downright unpleasant -- he says people are more willing to talk about what kinds of animals they are , uh , cozying up to than they are to talk about how much is in their retirement savings . All the top-earners he writes about either support mistresses , or would be suicidal to have to give up their Paris chateaus in retirement . And , he says , there are only four types of people when it comes to retirement planning -- all of them hopelessly naive or stupid.He goes on in fine Chicken Little style -LRB- he is a journalist , after all -RRB- to tell us how unprepared baby boomers are to retire , how unprepared everyone is . This is helping me how?In fairness to Eisenberg , I 'll admit that I did n't read to the end . Maybe it gets a lot better in the last 50 pages . But just as I would n't sit and listen to someone 's narcissistic complaining for hours on end , I just could n't hold out long enough to get to whatever reward might be at the end of this book.This book appears to be selling well -- and maybe that was the point . Although I 'm no better off for buying it , at least Eisenberg is closer to his Number .
 My first bit of financial planning advice is to save the money you might spend on this book and invest it . you will immediately be further along.Is this book all bad ? No , of course not . I gave it two stars since it does prompt you to consider your non financial goals as a key driver.The author begins by telling us about how poor all of us are about financial planning , then we meet a series of multi-millionaires who keep striving for an ever bigger number . There , you have the synopsis . Save your money and time , if you see this book in a bookstore , open it , read the last couple of pages and you will have most of the sound advice in the book .
 Like other reviewers here , I found the book promising by its blurbs and cover , but was greatly disappointed with the substance contained within.First , the author needs to lose his ` cutsey ' style . It adds nothing to the content and makes every topic seem inconsequential and frivolous.Second , it would be very nice and respectful of his readers were he to actually get his hands dirty and do some real research and I do n't mean getting on a plane to talk to upper income financial and life planners.He would do us a service by digging into some real statistics about savings rates , projected pension fund failures , inflation , health care costs . You wo n't find any of that in this book.And yes , the book is heavily east-coast , upper middle class skewed . Does the author realize that a 4-entry table the bottom entry of which is `` 1-3 million '' in savings and goes to '' > 100 million '' might be of interest to a small percentage of the reading public ? Like less than 5 % ? -LRB- but then , I would n't even know that from reading this book , it is so short on hard facts -RRB- . And , I 'd have to marvel at the IQ of someone with $ 100 million in retirement funding seeking advice from Eisenberg , whose professional career -LRB- the details of which the author finds necessary to relate to us early in the book -RRB- is less than stellar . I regret my funding of this guy 's retirement by my purchase . It pays to have friends in the East Coast literary establishment pimping your sloppy writing , I guess.It 's a lazy man 's guide to retirement planning -- the `` lazy man '' being the author .
 I had big hopes for this book . They disintegrated as it gradually became obvious that it would contain almost no worthwhile financial advice for anyone with less of a stash than Hugh Hefner.It reads like a pamphlet that the author has desperately tried to expand into enough words to justify being book length . Some of the sentences are so full of parenthetical drivel that they seem interminable . He obviously had a lot of fun padding it out.Early on in the book , in one of the more concise moments , we learn the average status of most retirement savers in America . Is that followed by practical advice for the average person ? Good heavens , no - what kind of fun would that give a semi-retired Esquire editor ? Instead , we get to meet a succession of CEOs who use their huge pots of gold to indulge endlessly climbing mountains , and reversing their mid-life crises . Any idiot can tell them that they have enough of a nest egg to live comfortably , and that 's just what this book does . Let 's all breathe a huge sigh of relief for those poor souls who are only smalltime multimillionaires . As for the rest of us - well , we do n't matter very much , do we ?
 This book contains nothing of use , whatsoever ; it dances around what you need for your `` Number '' , never providing any useful information or any insight . -LRB- No wonder the publisher concentrated on pre-publication sales ; if I had n't bought it before I could see it , I could have saved myself some money . -RRB- For real information about your Number , read William Bernstein , `` The Four Pillars of Investing '' -LRB- McGraw-Hill , 2002 -RRB- .
 What a waste of paper and time ! There is much talk of how Eisenberg has hit `` the sweet spot '' with this book -- bah ! Humbug ! Sweet nothings is more like it . Entertainingly and personably written , it 's as informative as a Jerry Seinfeld tv skit about finances . Eisenberg writes extremely well , but it 's all much ado about nothing . Read the last two short chapters at the bookstore and put the money you save into your 401K .
 I read with interest the reviews that supports this book because of the subtitle `` A Completely Differant Way to Think About the Rest of Your Life . '' There was some of that in the book although much of the book was devoted to filler . What needed to be said could have easily have been stated in 100 pages or less . I found myself skimming his `` journeys '' in corporate board rooms and his endless discriptions of everyone he met . Who cares ?! Generally life is about the journey but in this case the journey was monotonous and never was a destination found that was of any value . The author 's apperent self absorbed wittiness came across more as an enlarged ego than an entertaining and informative read . If you would really like to consume this book , I suggest tearing out 2/3s of the pages , eating them and giving them 24-48 hours to digest . Then , in the end you will have what you started out with in the first place .
 Ugh.I did something I rarely do , I picked up a book on a whim at an airport . I fell for the cover title , and I was interested to read another person 's perspective on reaching the ultimate personal annuity goal - a self-perpetuating nest egg.My primary objection is that - though this is a book clearly marketed to the masses - Eisenberg 's primary focus appears to be on a close circle of friends who are multi-millionares -LRB- and yet , still seem unsure whether they 've accumulated enough money -RRB- . Hence in terms of focus , the book is frequently off-base . A second objection is the writing style . Perhaps this can be expected from a journalist/editor , but I often found myself rolling my eyes at fluffy filler which largely served to distract from the content-at-hand . '' ... -LSB- ten commandments -RSB- etched onto an I-can ` t-believe-it 's - not-stone Corian tablet '' , and '' ... slightly better than a snowflake 's chance in the Sonoran Desert '' , for example . It 's a book - no need to fill the column , Lee.My third primary objection is the wide employment of statistics without backing references . It can be excused that most of the material was repetitious for me , but figures without references should raise suspicion.On the positive side , the book was an easy read , entertaining on occasion , and may spur a few people to think harder about their investment situation . But there are far better resources out there.For practical investing , I very much recommend Burton Malkiel 's `` Random Walk Down Wall Street '' , and Benjamin Graham 's `` The Intelligent Investor '' . In summary , with my purchase , Lee is one royalty check closer to making his Number .
 Lee Eisenberg 's `` The Number '' simply does not live up to its promise as a financial planning self-help book or retirement guide . Short on advice and long on anecdotes , little useful information is imparted . Much better advice can be found in Eric Tyson 's `` Personal Finance for Dummies '' , a truly helfpful finance guide for the average person .
 At the beginning of the book I had hopes but after several chapters of not making it anywhere fast I began skimming . There was really no useful information on investing for retirement.For those just getting started , I would recommend Dave Ramsey 's `` Financial Peace Revisited . '' It covers most of the topics covered in `` The Number '' but also gives you details in getting out of debt , mutual funds , buying smart etc etc. . Other good books on money
 This book was a waste of paper and time!There is much false talk of how Eisenberg has hit `` the sweet spot '' on the back cover of this book . Bah ! Humbug ! Sweet nothings is more like it.Entertainingly and personably written , it is , nonetheless , as informative as a Jerry Seinfeld tv skit about finances.Eisenberg writes extremely well , but his efforts are all much ado about nothing in the end.Read the last two short chapters at the bookstore and put the money you save on this hardback book into your 401K .
 I usually do n't provide negative reviews , but beware of this book.This book is a 200 page rant about the waste and fraud in the retirement financial planning industry . According to the author , the industry is set up to take advantage of boomers who are too dumb to know what to do when they retire.Yet , the book provides no useful retirement information itself . On the the last page of 200 + , he finally gets around to telling you that there is no Number anyway . It 's a illusion , for all you suckers who bought this book . Too late now , no returns are available.If , in the author 's opinion , you 're a real stooge , you can actually calculate your retirement number . Take your expected retirement income and take 4 % . Live on that , he says . But it 's more important to find your meaning in life . Money does n't matter.It seems rather odd that the author calls other retirement planners frauds . Talk about `` the Pot Calling the Kettle Black '' .
 Overly simplistic and unrealistic . Not much help in planning for retirement . Mostly a bunch of stories for the rich .
 I read this book in the hopes of gaining a helpful framework for thinking about - and perhaps even achieving - my `` number '' for retirement , but that is not what I found between its covers . Mostly the book concerns itself with the soul - searching and anguish that people who have 1 - 10 million dollar `` nest eggs '' go through in trying to decide if its enough to support them in the manner to which they have become accustomed , until such time as they pass on . Although I really FEEL for these people , my financial situation is much more in sync with the run-of-the-mill American , and for us Mr. Eisenberg has barely a mention , let alone advice . On a positive note , I did find his writing style to be very engaging . Bottom line - I would have to recommend that you avoid this book and use the time saved to read something more useful and/or fun .
 My hat is off to the author for his timing and marketing . He will surely move closer to his `` number '' with sales of this book . For those of you looking for more than reassurance that you are not alone in the search , do n't waste your time and money on this book . Find a good advisor or start studying on your own and save money through whatever retirement plan that you have at your disposal . Finding the `` number '' is not nearly as difficult as having the discipline to save towards reaching it .
 The idea of a Number specifying how much you need to accumulate to retire safely and comfortably is smart . However , the author wanders from topic to topic , story to story , and when you 're 80 % done with the book you start wondering if the author actually has any answers . Unfortunately , he does n't . All the discussion is minorly interesting , but not really educational and it does n't do much to support your quest for a Number . I ended up with a post-it note with some things to investigate more after finishing the book , but that 's it .
 I had high hopes of learning something and being entertained , but it 's a complete waste of time . It 's a cheeky rant on everything from SUV driving , $ 4 latte drinking bobos to joe six packs living paycheck to paycheck . There are no financial rules of thumb or tips on where to find them . There are also no great quotes from the likes of Ben Franklin , Samuel Clemens , or even ` The Donald ' . It 's just a rant from another north-easterner who is set for life , thinks they have a right to be published , and is rubbing it in to the rest of us . *** Try `` The random walk guide to investing
 I read one review here that warns us that `` the publisher of this book employed bzzagent -LRB- paid word of mouth -RRB- many of whom seem to be posting here . '' I concur with all the one star reviews and as I read the five star reviews this is probably the sanest explanation that I can find for their bizzarrely inappropriate laudatory comments . Read the other 1 star reviews . Some summarise the book in a paragraph or two . More coherently than the book could dream of.The book is a puffed out paragraph stretched out with scores of meaningless banal examples and charicatures . Go into a book shop , pick up this book and you will realise you should not waste your time buying it.Save your money and skip this book . Look at how many second hand copies are being sold for 1 cent on Amazon already . And its not even worth that !! Even if you got this book for free you would be wasting your time reading it .
 A total waste of paper - The author enjoys writing words , if you enjoy reading words go for it ! If you want any guidance on aspects for retirement and saving for such , spend your time elsewhere - anywhere !
 The Number is without a doubt , the worst financial planning book ever written . What a cynical rip-off . What a stinking pile of garbage . The author gives us no practical advice whatsoever . This book was a complete waste of my time and money . It 's almost like the author wanted to prove he could pull off a giant practical joke , that some people will fall for anything -LRB- like buying this so-called book -RRB- . The entire waste of a book basically says `` Make sure you have enough money saved up or promised to you -LRB- pension , social security -RRB- when you retire . '' That 's all he says . No tips on how much is enough -LRB- we have to figure that out for ourselves -RRB- . No advice on how to save up the necessary money . Not even a rule-of-thumb such as `` you will need 85 percent of your working income to survive comfortably in retirement . `` I have seen one-minute television commercials that were more informative than this piece of moldering compost . Please avoid this book if you can .
 I was expecting this book would help me figure out how much money I might need to retire . It does no such thing.He does n't give any clear steps on how to calculate The Number -LRB- the amount of money you should have saved by the time you retire . -RRB- At the end of the book he cops out by saying that The Number is very personal and that it would be a disservice to give a simple way to calculate it . His advice is to keep a years worth of receipts to see how you spend money and have a financial adviser review everything and have him/her come up with how much you 'll need in retirement . Well , color me stupid , since I assumed a book called `` The Number '' that 's 200 + page would would help me find a ballpark retirement number.The book is completely devoid of any useful information . It 's riddled with irrelevant stories filling 268 pages.I give him credit for stringing me along for half the book before realizing there 'd be no useful information . Still hoping to find something of value I started skimming from Chapter 7 to the end . The last chapter entitled `` The Bottom Line '' is what I would generously call `` advice . `` I 've included his `` bottom line '' advice , for you to judge whether this book is worth reading :1 . Obsess all you want -LRB- about the number -RRB- , but do n't be a sicko2 . Those who say that this is either a -RRB- the Apocalypse or b -RRB- the Golden Age are both wrong3 . Living in a college town is no panacea .4 . Good financial advice rings true5 . Those who know better do n't always do better6 . Young people always undercall The Number7 . The innocent get eaten8 . It pays to play tricks on yourself9 . Tricks or no tricks almost everybody suffers from reference anxiety10 . Practicing `` financial correctness '' is a huge waste of timeLike the rest of the book his `` bottom line '' advice is scattered , bordering on incoherent and does nothing to get me closer to answering the questions I have about how much money I should save for retirement .
 I can honestly say that I learned nothing about financial planning from this book . In retrospect , I 'm left uncertain as to what the book was intended to convey.If you spend a lot of time dreaming about having enough money to be free to do what you want , and you like the silly concerns of the lifestyles of the rich and famous , then you may find something to enjoy in this book . It does provide some examples of people who have achieved their `` Number '' and how they act as a result . It also tells hypothetical horror stories of people who assumed a certain Number was enough only to find out it was n't . The book reads like someone who was out to reach his Number as opposed to helping you with yours , however . It is a rambling text that does n't say much of anything .
 Why ca n't we give `` 0 stars '' ? No insightful content . Self-important name-dropping . I felt cheated out of my $ 20 + for a book saying , `` Retirement is about more than money . ''
 I was recommended to order this book and give it to clients who are planning for retirement . The books are used and some are not in the best of shape . I am not sure the books where legal to buy , however the price was right . -LSB- ... -RSB- per book but shipping was about -LSB- ... -RSB- per book . I guess it will serve a good enough purpose for what I plan to do with them .
 I found this book very misleading . There 's a nest egg on the cover which leads one to believe this about financial or at least retirement planning . And , the title says it 's a completely different way to think about the rest of your life . It 's not!The book is mostly musings from whiney people who lack real world perspective on living paycheck to paycheck . You wo n't find helpful or practical financial advice . And , if you 're looking for a good read , you 'll be sorry too . This is rambling and self-absorbed
 This is , without question , the WORST book ever written on one 's financial life . To begin with , it 's useless
 I read a magazine summary of the book - a short summary which was non-commital . Then I read the book . The author has no expertise in this realm and the book is filled with lots of his own anecdotes and those from a small circle of people he happens to know . What is disappointing and amazing is the lack of effort to truly interview or survey people . There is no science here or data - just opinions and anecdotes . Very disappointing .
 Even though it 's titled the number , he actually talks very little about how to calculate it . I 'm not sure what the point of this book was . It 's really just ancedotes about his life . Read the 2 books by Gillette Edmunds instead . They are excellent .
 `` The number '' poses an interesting question but provides no helpful answers . A four percent draw on invested assets is as much an old wives ' tale as a piece of scientific wisdom , even if it is a number . Eisenberg 's number is the inverse of that draw down , or twenty-five times ... . well , there 's the rub , twenty-five times what ? income ? expenses ? income less savings ? projected discretionary spending ? Post-mortgage payoff and college tuition expenses ? The proverbial bottom line is clouded by conversations with an eclectic collection of consultants , experts , philosophers , and casual acquaintances . Eisenberg , a former Esquire editor and short-timer with Lands End , ruminates about a simple question
 I had great expectations for this book , what a great concept , with the baby boomers approaching retirement age more people than ever are focusing on what number will they need in their retirement fund to retire with.Lee Eisenberg is a great writer , however this book justs drifts around lightly touching on several different aspects of retiring , where to live , what will be the needed cash flow for lifestlye needs , etc. . At one point he goes through a made up family and how each family member will have different needs . The book is like a long hypothetical ramble that never examines any of the issues deep enough nor gives any real solutions or solid advice.It is like discussing your predicament with a friend .
 This book is a blatant example of deceptive advertising . It offers little hard information , though lots of odd digressions and an often cutesy authorial tone . It should have been reduced to the size of a magazine article and entitled `` New Developments in Baby Boomer Retirement and Financial Planning '' , but that certainly would not have gotten it onto any bestseller lists . There is so much fluff to fill out the basic points that a -RRB- many in this country are unprepared for retirement , b -RRB- the nature of and expectations for retirement are different for the baby boomer generation than its predecessor , and c -RRB- a true `` number '' has to be predicated on a `` spiritual '' evaluation of one 's retirement expectations . Beyond that , do n't expect too much useful advice . While the writing style was not unengaging , I was irritated while reading this as I thought of the author moving ever closer to his `` number '' at the expense of a lot of buyers who shelled out their money for the book . Better to read Gillete Edmunds , Larry Ferstenou , Bob Clyatt , or William Berstein for good , concrete advice .
 I kept reading and reading to get to the meat of the issue . No luck ! I am so glad this was a gift and I did n't waste my `` almost-retired '' money !
 I guess the book is about the taboo of discussing how much you have in your retirement account . Maybe it 's about , as it finally gets to in the end , that there are things more important than a specific number and the idle time pleasures they would bring . But god , is this tedious . Entire chapters recounting the goings on a retirement planning meetings from Weyerhauser.There was a bit of reasonable advice , sprinkled throughout , but little and far between .
 I almost burst out laughing reading the review above : `` Eisenberg 's arc through life could be used to define the baby boom.In the 1970s , he coined the term power lunch ; in the 1980s , he edited Esquire and invented rotisserie baseball . In the 1990s , he wrote books on finding the good life through golf and fishing , and at the end of the decade , he joined an Internet retailer . `` Stupid me for thinking this man would something about retirement and money!And , what little research I did tonight online shows - he did not coin the term power lunch - he did not invent Rotisserie baseballThis book is boring . This book is highly overrated . Save your money and save your time .
 This is `` Chicken Little gets a job as a fiancial advisor . '' Lots of what-if , what-if , what-if ... but no answers beyond save more money and reduce your expenses in retirement . This book takes you on a never ending quest to find the number ... but the only consistent message is that no matter how much you manage to save or think you need ... it will not be enough.In the last paragraph Eisenberg says `` Better to invest this valuable energy , and use that time , to come to terms with who you are , or , if it better pleases you , to make more money . '' I suggest you take his advice . If you 've read more than 3 or 4 of these reviews then you have already wasted too much time on this book.Why does n't Amazon have a `` zero star '' option ?
 All these pages for one singular lonely number ? SPOILER ALERT . The number is 163 .
 I kept hoping this book would get better the more I got into it but it never happened . So much of this book is taken up with the author 's self-absorbed stories and perspectives . He seems to believe that it 's a qualification that he left the New York City ratrace to work in the midwest although he takes a pressure filled job with a major mail order company . Please know that this author has no qualifications to be offering any sort of informed financial advice . And , he has n't done much homework to be giving the world lifestyle advice . It 's a relatively short back and hardly worth anywhere near the steep ticket price . Should have been a magazine article instead and it would have been a mediocre one at that .
 Now having scanned the reviews here , I wish I had read them before getting this book . This book is rambling ... and I really , really mean rambling . It 's like talking with a neighbor and hearing his opinion . In this case , having read about 200 pages worth of his opinions , this is a neighbor you would have tuned out after the first 15 minutes . What 's Your Number ? I do n't freakin ' have one man ! I am trying to figure out how to make the most out of what I have and enjoy life more . This book did n't provide a lick of useful advice for that .
 The author is humorous and kept my attention fairly well . But I ca n't say that there is anything new or earthshaking in his book . I do n't really understand where they pulled the book 's subtitle from . I did n't really see a `` compleetely different way to think about the rest of -LRB- my -RRB- life `` What is your number ? What do you live on now ? Take that number to a financial planner and let them account for inflation and a conservative rate of return and they will give you your number
 The book is short on actionable advice and long on blather.The actionable advice is 1 -RRB- a rule of thumb is that if you withdraw 4 % of your savings annually , you should be ok , 2 -RRB- if you do n't know what gives your life meaning you wo n't be happy/satisfied in retirement nor will you know much it will cost to happy/satisfied in retirement , and 3 -RRB- the usual advice -LRB- do n't trade stocks too often , divest but not to much , find a good advisor , etc. -RRB- This part of the book takes up the equivalent of about 5 pages.The other 250 pages are anecdotes awash with names of rich and powerful people and details about the author 's personal life . It is heavily skewed to talking about rich people 's experiences . It is heavy on references to the latest in chic , faddish consumer products , mentions lots of upscale name brands and uses words that must be be chic -LRB- I guess , because I 'm not chic and I do n't recognize them . -RRB- After reading the text , I read the bio . The author is a former editor for Esquire magazine . I do n't read Esquire because I found it has too many ads for chic consumer products and the articles tend to be pretentious and narcissistic . And that 's what this book is , a really long Esquire article.There are better books that address these issues . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I was very disappointed with this book . I did not find it very enlighting and it was definately written for an audience who has lots of money - and thus not the worries of the `` normal '' middle class . The few bits of information found in the 250 + page book could have been communicated much more succinctly . I 'm just sorry I spent my money helping someone else make `` their number '' - which seems to be the only purpose of the book !
 Reading this book is like watching a movie where you spend the entire time waiting for the good part that must be surely must be coming but never quite materializes . Read it - threw it in the trash .
 I love the idea of this book . Trying to figure out how much $ one needs to retire based not just on costs of basic necessities but also taking into account the lifestyle one hopes to achieve.However , I did n't find it well-written . He rambles , he throws in all kinds of random information and interviews around , but without really making a coherent , linear argument.And , good heavens ! Everyone he talks to and all his own thought processes seem to lead to one conclusion
 This book is simply not worth your time . It is full of anecdotes about the rich , `` chock full '' of very annoying metaphors , and surprisingly content-free . This book has very little substance -LRB- here 's a metaphore for this thing
 In The Number , Lee Eisenberg covers some well-traveled ground with wit and humor , which makes the information a little more enjoyable than other how to books . Yet , there is nothing new to be learned here . In fairness , other than details on the various types of retirement vehicles , there is not much more to say about this topic than simply spend less and save more . Eisenberg says this , more than once and in clever ways , but little else . Read the reviews and take Eisenberg 's advice by spending less , beginning with this book .
 I bought this book with great expectations . I like the idea of acquiring what some call `` screw-you money '' , or the amount of money you need to be free from financial intimidation by various parties , most notably your employer.But this book has problems :1 -RRB- It 's not new . You can get much better information reading any of Suze Orman 's books .2 -RRB- It 's not funny . The author tries to be cute with sarcastic word-plays that are painfully bad and distracting . I got the audiobook and even in his own voice , the jokes come off sounding like he 's annoyed and disdainful of the issues he 's talking about .3 -RRB- It 's not helpful . After hours of listening , he tells you that there is no easy answer for `` The Number '' . You have to study -LRB- other people 's material -RRB- and come to your own conclusion . And you should probably talk to a financial planner too . Thanks Lee.People who have never considered retirement planning may get something out of it , but if you 're like most Amazonians who are always looking for a new edge , this will be well below your expectations.This is one of those books that I kept listening to because I thought it had to get better based on the positive reviews , but it was painful and I was so relieved when I finished it.I do n't even know how this got published . He 's an ex-NYC publishing executive , so he must have some friends in high places who pushed this through . My guess is that he 's decided that he 's going to spend ` retirement ' , working on his number as an author , but I will NEVER buy another one of his books.Take my advice and avoid this book , or at least wait until you can get it used or from a library .
 In this book , Eisenberg attempts to have readers look more closely at `` the number , '' i.e. that amount of money that will be necessary for a person to feel comfortable in retirement . The examined life is worth living , but this book adds little beyond some cute stories . It neither does a good job of telling readers how to do determine or reach `` the number '' , nor does it help much with the bigger point , i.e. that retirement is more than money . Blatantly wrong on key points -LRB- i.e. the Financial Planning Association certifies CFPs -RRB- this offers little more than loosely strung together observations about the financial planning industry . Do n't waste your money !!
 The Number is written by Lee Eisenberg , formerly with Esquire magazine who moved his family to Wisconsin after getting a job offer from Lands ' End to be their Creative Director . From his own experience and informal interviews with acquaintances , Eisenberg developed this entire book largely around how much people need or think that they need to retire -LRB- the Number -RRB- . Be warned that the author has no experience or expertise as a financial or counseling practitioner and the book , financially speaking , is quite narrow in scope . It does n't deal with the vast array of financial challenges and obstacles that most people face.Eisenberg worries readers with dire warnings about Social Security drying up and the undependable stock market , which can halve in value as it did in the early 2000s . I doubt most readers will find this book useful or enlightening .
 Also duped by the hype.My retirement would have been better served if I put the cost of the book under my mattress .
 I thought that I was doing ok financically until I read this book . There is little or no financial insight or direction to this book.I really never got the point . It makes you feel that unless you are worth a minimum of 10 million dollars you might as well check into the poorhouse . I kept reading hoping to get the point and it was never there !
 This book is promoted and is categorized as a financial -LRB- personal -RRB- book . It is not . The book strikes me as having been written off of the top of one 's head . It is confusingly and illogically laid out . And it is virtually devoid of useable advice.Don ' t waste your money on this thin , overpriced book .
 the premise was great , a really nice idea for a book . there were a few interesting statistics in the book , but overall i found the book pointless and rambling . i 'm still not sure what i was supposed to have taken from it . was there a point?i agree wholeheartedly with a previous poster who wondered about eisenberg 's definition of `` middle class '' . despite a couple of charts breaking assets and earnings up by quintile , his anecdotes and stories clearly predominantly focused on the top fifth or top tenth of americans .
 I bought this book along with My Lord Vampire and My Lord Immortality because they were cheap and a quick read . Or so I thought . I found it hard to continue because it was much like the first book My Lord Vampire!Same strong-willed , independent woman with a cruel family , same arrogant , tall , handsome , aquiline nosed hero . Every guy I think is handsome does n't have an aquiline nose . Even the villians were the same . Same dumb tricks to get the Medallion , turning into mist , cutting Lucien the same as Gideon ! The authors overuse of the word `` countenance '' is very annoying . She could have simply said face or features a few times but countenance was used everytime . Almost as much as '' my dove '' . I am not going to read My Lord Eternity because I am sure it 's the same as the other two .
 After the painful read that was this author 's first vampire romance , I decided to give her another chance and read the second book in the trilogy . Now I 'm starting to suspect that I 'm a masochist.Nearly every problem the author had with her first book , she also had in this one . Bad character development , bad plot , no description , and absolutely no reason for the heroine , Jocelyn , to fall in love with Lucien , a.k.a. Tall , Tawny and Egotistical.To be absolutely fair , the author has improved slightly since her last book , or maybe she just got lucky . Lucien is a touch more interesting than the hero in the first book and Jocelyn is truly an independent woman , fighting her own battles . However , Lucien is still horribly overbearing and full of himself . It 's hard to understand why Jocelyn did n't just put a stake through his heart instead of marrying him.Therein lies another problem . Jocelyn weathered scandal and rejection from cold , unfeeling parents to become the version of Mother Theresa that she is now . She goes out alone at night in the slums to help the hopeless , homeless and hapless . A woman out alone who 's never had any problems until the Big Bad Evil Vampire comes along ? Highly doubtful . Not to say that Jocelyn is n't a strong woman , she is , but all that strength just dries up and vanishes when Lucien comes into the picture . Suddenly she 's leaning on him for everything and independence is a thing of the past . She puts up a token fight , but at one point he literally says that she `` belongs to him '' and she 's just thrilled to accept that . Most readers today will feel like giving her a good shake to put some sense into her.Lucien is very much the kind of guy you 'll find in any college bar today . Sure of himself and his irresistibility and unable to conceive of the fact that a woman might not want him . He 's constantly in Jocelyn 's personal space , touching and kissing her , just like a drunken frat guy . His constant references to Jocelyn as `` my dove '' only give credence to the inebriated college boy comparison . He kind of has the same appeal too , attractive and rakish , but no one in their right minds would want to marry him.The villain , Amadeus , is one of the biggest plot holes in the book . This is supposed to be a super-intelligent , evil vampire , but the reader learns very little about him . The `` experiments '' he does on humans are glossed over , only one example being presented . Much more description was called for there to make his evil believable . His intelligence is also called into question at the end . The `` trick '' Lucien uses to free Jocelyn is probably one of the lamest things ever attempted , and if Amadeus were really that intelligent , he would n't have fallen for it . He also would 've seen Jocelyn 's `` trick '' coming a mile away . There are rocks with more intelligence than Amadeus.As in the author 's previous book , the world of vampires behind the veil sounds mind-numbingly boring . Amadeus ca n't be blamed for wanting to get out of there . Even Lucien found it dull , at one point turning the library into a harem . Which , by the way , directly contradicts many of the things the author has said about this world . According to her , everyone there lives in peace , free from passions and happy to pursue a life of scholarly study . Well , apparently that did n't apply to the three vampires who escaped , or Lucien who was quite obviously not happy there . And if there was no passion , exactly what did Lucien fill this `` harem '' with ? Scantily clad books ? Continuity is not the author 's strong point.Once again , if you 're looking for a good vampire romance , skip this one . It 's better than some out there , but it 's still pretty bad stuff .
 Other reviewers have complained about the overuse of ` countenance ' and ` my dove ' and they 're right . I 'm reading this book right now and I 'm having problems with the overuse of ` maiden ' . It is so bad that I am beginning to count how many times ` maiden ' appears on one page . And obviously , the plot is not strong enough to hold my attention . The author even refers to a prostitute as a maiden . If Jocelyn was ruined -LRB- which I believe is why her parents shunned her -RRB- , how can she be considered a maiden ? Whenever the author refers to Jocelyn , it 's ` the maiden ' this and ` the maiden ' that . Come on already ! Maybe she should get a good dictionary to discover the meaning of the word . I think a thesaurus would serve her well too . I 'm only on chapter 5 and I 'm thinking of throwing in the towel on this one ... I do n't know that I can make it through to the end . I read My Lord Vampire , the first book in this series and gave it 3 stars . I did n't notice the annoying overuse of certain words in that book . I think I 'll fold up my tent on this one.I have the third book in the series ` My Lord Immortality ' and from what I 'm reading in the reviews , the plot is better , but one reviewer says she 'll scream if she hears the word ` maiden ' one more time ! LOL ... you ca n't win , no matter what you do !
 Maybe this book deserves 5 stars ... I do n't know.I simply could n't get across the book . . so many terms used subjectively.Also it focusses on groups , astral planes , auras , meditation , the occult.And I am a little suprised by the multitude of the use of the word `` men '' instead of `` man '' in general.Maybe great ... but even as a serious spiritual reader this is simple too much assuming stuff for me.I did find 1 great quote in the first 25 pages
 I opened this book the other night to read with my son . One of the first pages to fall open was `` Our Solar System '' , which is depicted as nine planets including Pluto , and no Kuiper Belt . Pluto was re-classified as a `` dwarf planet '' over 10 years ago . It is one of many icy objects that orbit the solar system in what is known as the `` Kuiper Belt '' . The current model of the solar system is four inner planets made of rock , surrounded by a belt of rocky asteroids and four outer `` gas giants '' surrounded by a belt of icy objects.While there is controversy surrounding Pluto 's reclassification -LRB- see `` The Pluto Files '' by Neil DeGrasse Tyson -RRB- , the authors at Usbourne should acknowledge it if that 's the reason they 're sticking to the old model . Otherwise , it 's just bad research and I ca n't trust anything else in the book .
 Answer
 Judging from the positive reviews Paved with Good Intentions has garnered , author Jared Taylor has succeeded in repackaging his racist and white supremacist views in a format more palatable to mainstream readers . Make no mistake ; Paved with Good Intentions is social Darwinism -LRB- i.e. , eugenics -RRB- at its worst . Mr. Taylor argues that `` welfare mothers '' should accept a five-year implantable contraceptive device in return for government assistance . At least that would be easier to promote than `` forced abortion '' on those whom society deems `` less fit . `` Who is Jared Taylor ? Mr. Taylor , who heads the New Century Foundation and edits American Renaisance , envisions a `` clear conception of the United States as a nation ruled by and for whites . '' American Renaisance has published numerous articles linking IQ and race and using selective breeding to `` improve '' the genetic stock -LRB- i.e. , eugenics -RRB- . In Paved with Good Intentions , Mr. Taylor acknowledges Wayne Lutton , who has written articles for the Holocaust-denying Journal of Historical Review and the racist American Mercury.The only thing more disturbing than Mr. Taylor 's disgusting views is that this book has gained acceptance and even respectability among educated , otherwise mainstream Americans .
 I found this book to be a very over priced item . It is not even close to being worth $ 70.00 . My son also wanted `` Jedi vs Sith
 It pains me to write anything negative about David Mead 's work as I highly value and wholeheartedly recommend his other books , in particular `` The Ten Minute Guitar Workout '' , `` Basic Guitar Workout '' , and `` Rhythm - A Step by Step Guide to Understanding Rhythm for Guitar '' . These are all great learning tools that would serve guitarists of almost any level well.But then there 's this book . It 's not bad , but it 's not nearly as concise as his other works . In fact , I read it three times and still felt rather confused . Maybe I 'm an idiot , but when it comes to explaining the CAGED system of organizing the fretboard , which is ultimately what this book is about , I learned more in 14 pages of Bill Edward 's excellent Fretboard Logic series than in reading this book from cover to cover.Buy Mead 's other books , especially if you 're an intermediate or beginner . But if you want to master the fretboard , get Fretboard Logic . There is no other .
 This is the worst worst book i have ever read in my entire life . I cant even go on tellin to how awful this is . I raed a lot of books but this is by far the worst . I was FORCED to read this for my 7th grade english class otherwise i would have stopped after the first page . Even after 3 pages i knew that it was going to be awful . It is very confusin and i found myself not knowin what was going on or what they were talkin about . Partically because i dont know a lot about history and this book suspects u know some so it doesnt make sence . Also i ALWAYS found myself daving off and not reading the words on the page . This book no where near begged me 2 pick it up , more like i had to beg myself to get my reading assisments done . If u acually liked this book then u must be into history books . Even hustoyr isnt bad to me but they mad it awful !! they gave you 2 much info on the family which i dont even care it was pathetic awful book . DO NOT READ THIS UNLESS U R FORCED !! this is the WORST book i have ever READ IN MY LIFE ! howard fast is the worst author also who would really rant on about the food in lexinton ???? awful write ... dont read gthis im warnin you !
 I thought that April Morning was an ok book . Being that the book was set around the Revolutionary War time period , I found it really hard to understand some of the language . I thought that it was kind of boring because im not really interested in book that take place in earlier time periods . If you are interested in book that take place in that time period then you will probably like it .
 let it be over please ! snore fest ! if you are interested in wars and action , not the book for you . if you want a love plot , this one is flismy and sad . we had to read this book for LA -LRB- and maybe it was my stupid teaches monotone voice or her many worksheets -RRB- and i found this book very easy to fall asleep during . i am one of those people who ca enjoy any book and this one was ok , ill give it that , but it wasnt a recomendation by any kind . if you want to learn about the revolution watch the patriot instead ... much more interesting .
 I read the book a couple of years a go and I saw the movie a couple of weeks ago , they were both bad . The main thing that I remember from the book is that the main character urinates his pants non-stop . I found that the book dragged on and included too many nonimportant details . The movie was a made for TV movie that I watched in my American History class . The acting was horrible .
 ... and only because the book was well-crafted , in a writer 's point of view . Howard Fast did a good job at description and dialogue , and the background things such as donkers and the breadpudding-clash showed that he - did - do his homework . If anything , this is historically accurate.But it also reads like a textbook trying to disguise itself as a novel.Part of Fast 's problems were his unrealistic goals for Adam in April Morning . Adam makes a complete -- and I mean , * complete * -- turnaround from an immature boy to an adult . Yup , you guessed it
 The sample eBook for the Kindle starts out with part of the first sentence missing . Is this indicative of the remaining parts of the Kindle book ? Waiting for a response from Amazon.com .
 I only read this book because i had to in school , and let me tell you something I HATED IT ! Ths book drags on for more than 200 pages about war . I mean if you like to hear abou teverybody dying thatn you would live this book . But there is n't even any real action that takes place . The main character , Adam , is a whimp , as is the rst of his town . My suggestion is don ; t waste your time or money reading this boring book !!!!!
 I read this book knowing that the story would go on for a space of 24 hours . Little did I know that the plot would be tiresome and the family relationships stereotypical . I found this book slow and dull and I could not bring myself to read it again . However the character Adam is fun to watch grow as a boy in the Revolution . The description of the Battle of Lexington was precise until I talked to a history whiz and realized its facts were not all true .
 First off , the detail in this story may attract some readers , but its realtion to the plot of the story is quite meaningless . As far as historical accuracy is concerned , the book falls far short of standars . The entire conflict at the North Bridge in Concord was not even covered , even though Soloman Chandler and Adam retreat to that area after the skirmish on the green . This is the pivital part of the entire engagement , and without it , the ensuing ambush would never have been possible . The description of life during the time should have been described in greater detail , so we can fully understand the atmosphere surrounding the family . I ca n't seem to understand why you believe the story was `` gory '' . I thought the actual hand to hand fighting should have been described in better detail so the feeling of hoplessness for the colonists could actually be appreciated .
 This book was booring ! There was nothing in the book that a teenager today could relate to . It was extremely sad ! When Moses died , that was the saddest part to me . It did n't really incorperate fiction and enjoyment , it was basically all talk . What little action there was , it was n't really descriptive . The author could have elaborated on other character 's thoughts . We all heard about Adam the whole time , what about his mother or his brother or his grandmother ? The book should focus on the families in the war as well .
 When I read this book , I was going into an 8th grade English Honors class , and it was a part of the Summer Reading . I must say , that I hated this book . All of the details were too much , and just made the read slower and more uninviting . Even though it took me two months to get through it , I give it two stars because it did have a good plot . Not a lot of people decide to write about such a short period of time , and especially to base it on history .
 When I first pick the book up it look very interesting . As I began to read it , I almost fell alseep because of the boring page after page with no paragraphs in between . Nothing ! Zip ! Finally , I was able to make it to the middle of the book . That 's when it began to get more interesting . INTERESTING , for once I thought it would be boring through the whole book . I was wrong . As I got closer to the end , it began to get a little more boring , but in a way still interesting .
 I have recently read the book April Morning in my eigth grade challenge reading class . Overall this book is a suitable way to inform students about the American Revolution but is certainly not something I would read on my own time . The excessive details , which make it a good , non-conventional way to inform students about this war , also serve to make it one of the most boring books I have ever read . It also has a very slow start during which information is given about Adam and his family which is irrelevant from a teaching point of view and just flat out boring from my personal point of view . Furthermore , although the battle scenes are well thought out and slightly less boring than the rest of the book , they are extremely gory and disgusting . For example , wounds or methods of death for fallen Redcoats or Americans are throughy described in all their horrible detail . Although some of these aspects make it a good way to learn about the American Revolution in a class such as Social Studies , I do n't believe that it is a good choice for a Reading class . Our time in this class could be much better spent on more challenging and interesting books . The only reason I gave this book two stars is because it is , in my mind , a good way of educating students about the Revolutionary War from a more personal point of view . In conclusion , the book April Morning , although highly suitable for a Social Studies class , is not something which I believe should be read in Reading class or read for entertainment .
 This is the most boring book I have ever attemped to read . I 'm supposed to read it in my English class , and I ca n't even get past page 30 because it 's so boring . It 's very complicated too , and makes absolutely no sense to me . I think you have to really be interested in history to like and understand this book . To me , it 's highly boring and pointless . It goes on and on about the littlest things , and goes into detail about bread ! Plus , the words are hard to understand .
 i thought that the book was the worst book i have ever read . DONT read it . i mean if you have to for school thatr is one thing but DONT read it for the fun of it . it the hardest book to understand and it was really boring because im so not interested in the revolutionary war time period . i never found history class fun . not that anybody does . sooooooo remember DONT read the book unless you have to .
 The book April Morning was required reading for my eighth grade reading class . As I read this book I liked it less and less . I found the it to be boring and pointless . It uses language and content meant for a more adult audience , yet is written in a style a fourth grader should be able to read . Furthermore I did not think the author did a good job in writng it . He has no substantial plot or interesting dialouges . Because of the lack of creativity and talent Fast uses gore and foul language to attract his audience . A book read in school should be one that relate to the reader and is creativly styled and worded , rather than nothing more than a trashy novel .
 I think I should be honest in writing this review for the book `` April Morning '' . I thought that this was the most boring book that I had ever read . While this book is boring , the writer , Howard Fast , uses many details and he is a very good writer . Howard Fast writes very descriptively about the battle , and in debth of a families point of view . I enjoyed how Howard Fast described the grandma 's time of panic when she had just heard that he son was shot . I found it very detailed and descriptive , it was also , what I think of as the best part of the book . Most of the boys in my class enjoyed the book because it was about a war . But I think that at times there was a little to much information given out , for example when the soilder got shot and some of his brains came out . While disscussing this book in my reading class , we stumbled upon a very interesting and conterversal subject . That subject is , should this book be read by 8th graders because of the language usage . Many parents disapprove of this book , while few think that since most children have already said the cuss words that it is okay for them to read it . I was wondering what everyone thinks about this book being approiate . I only gave this book two stars because of the detailed description .
 First , the reason of the book , I think , was to teach young kids tabout the Revolutionary War and how it started.I think it did not do a good job keeping you into it , but if it had been a textbook it would have gotten the point across.Second , the book can just go on and on about nothing to important , like what kind of ingrediant is most used in a dessert . If you wanted to read this book on your own time , you would get more sleep done than the book . If your a teacher it would be an okay choice to use as a learning book , though the novel can get totally off topic and really just dumb .
 I had to read this book for high school summer reading and overall I hated it . There was too much detail and switching from the main character 's thoughts to the events going on around him . There were times where the character 's thoughts jumped around so much that it was impossible to figure out what he was thinking . The most entertaining part of the novel was the battles . These scenes were well thought of and well written . There was short and good detail about the transpiring events and the main character 's emotions as he saw them transpire around him . I do not recommend this novel to teen readers , especially for enter tainment . I only recommend this novel for those who want to see an historical event as it occurs .
 I was forced to read this book for English , and It was not at all as good as the usual high quality books our English teacher has us read . The only plus to the book is that it is realistic . Adam Cooper was very relatable . Otherwise it was very boring . If you are at a 9th grade reading level or higher , I do n't think that this book is for you .
 I liked kind of because of the action and the war . But the book kind of made me fall a sleep in my bed . I would always have to go back and read the rest because I would and not understand . I liked it overall but it is very confusing . It seems like it jumpted from one thing to another thing .
 April Morning was a difficult book to read . If you skipped a few pages , then you would be completely off track . If you are looking for a book to tell you how life was during the struggling times of the Revolutionary War . You might be better of reading this book . I dont think that the ending really ties the book up . It is basically about this boy Adam Cooper who lives with his parents , grandmom , and his younger brother , Levi . He wants to go to war with his father and while he is there something upseting happens to him . He learns to live through it and he comes home from the war to his family alive .
 April Morning is terrible . Really , really , terrible . I had to read it for school , but that is far from the reason I hate it . I , in fact , love English class , and have enjoyed extensively every other work we have read in the class.But this is rubbish . Absolute rubbish . Fast has made a completely unbelieveable book , with no real storyline . There is no thread to tie the tale together ; instead , the beads are all barely touching , with vaguely related plotlines.Frankly , after reading the useless back cover copy on my school edition , I did n't even know what the book was ABOUT until after page 100 . Before that , it was a pointless , plotless bucket of dull . I actually had to plot out a certain number of pages that I HAD to read each day , and struggled with that.So , you 're probably wondering why I gave it 2 stars ? Well , the one thing April Morning does have going for it is a peek into Revolution-era life . The beginning of the book , if you are interested -LRB- as I am -RRB- in this , has some good tidbits . It also has many pages-long rants and rambles , that made me chuck it across the room once and almost break a window . -LRB- Tip
 I bought three of these books , new , through Amazon as gifts . They would have been fine , except that I heard back from two of my friends that pages 25-46 were duplicated , and pages 26-56 were omitted entirely . Seriously ???!!! Beware !!!
 The Joy of OrigamiThis book is colorful and seemed promising for a beginner to self teach . The diagrams maybe okay if you already know what they are suppose to look like at each step , but as a teaching aid they compare to teaching American children from a hieroglyphic test . I bought another book on the same subject to help get through the simplest basics , but it was only marginally better . Van Sicklen is not a beginner 's writer . This book could easily drive people away from the art through frustration .
 Of the 10 models attempted , I was only able to complete about 5 . Thinking it might be me , I had a few friends try . Alas , they too were confused . Definitely not the `` joy '' I was looking for . Even though I purchased this on sale I 'll probably return it . If it were n't for the nice paper included in the book , I 'd have given it no stars . Maybe this book is good for experienced people but if you 're a beginner and looking for a book , I 'd keep looking .
 The joy of origami ? There is nothing worse than trying to create an origami piece with your child and get so confused by the instructions your frustration nearly causes you to rip the paper to shreds in front of your startled little child . These are the worst instructions ever . The idiot who drew the instructions made them so vague , you might as well be trying to build a nasa rocket ship blindfolded . There were allot of `` what the hell '' moments reading the instructions , and those were the level 1 origami instructions . I have not gotten this frustrated in a long time and found myself speaking roughly to my children . Parents stay away from this book . It is not for beginners , its more constructed for electrical engineers .
 This is BY FAR THE WORST Eloise book . So many people wrote glowing reviews that I bought it , but really ... it 's awful . The main thing you need to know is that unlike the other Eloise books , this one is all in VERSE , and , although I love Kay Thompson , she 's no Dr. Seuss . If you need another fix of Eloise , buy Eloise In Paris instead .
 My family enjoys reading the original Eloise . We even sought out the Plaza Hotel during a trip to NYC to see the portrait of Eloise . But ... this sequel is just Yuck Yuck Yuck . It makes no sense . As an adult , I could n't understand the storyline . I asked my daughter if she knew what was going on in the book , and she told me she did n't have a clue . I do not recommend this book .
 My daughter loves all of her Eloise books and so do I. . with the exception of this one . It is just way too wordy and I even have a hard time staying focused throughout the entire book . I have never returned anything through Amazon before but I am seriously tempted to with this book . Do yourself a favor and skip it !!
 Eloise is something else . For some reason I thought I liked Eloise , but I was sadly mistaken . What a bratty , pretentious child . No thank you . There are much better books out there .
 The original Eloise was a sustained thrill . I have avoided all sequels until now for fear of just this sort of crashing disappointment . Think of the difference between Ghostbusters and Ghostbusters II , then multiply by ten . It is a bore . It is an embarassment . It is rawther godawful .
 At the risk of having millions of Eloise fans hate me I 'm giving this book one star . At my request my5 1/2 yr old daughter received three Eloise books for Christmas , this title included along with In Moscow , and in Paris . She had seen Eloise in Christmas several times on TV & we both enjoyed the character . Thebooks however are another story . They are * completely * syncopated . Hardly a story line , just Eloise blabbingand talking off the top of her head . No rhyme or reason , just blurts & outbursts of talk . I always thought Eloisewas the character that caused fun 6 year old havoc at the Plaza , but no that is the tiniest part of these stories.Again just lines & lines of incomplete thoughts without a single plot other than the girl lives at the Plaza.I found myself deleting lines and reading ones I made up my self to help make sense to my child . Picture your 5 year old high on a 1 pound bag of sugar , bouncing off the walls ... that is Eloise times 1000 . If you do n't believe me , please go look at the book before you buy it . I have the feeling the author was blessed with accolades from something like the Emperors new cloths syndrome ... it 's wonderful , it 's marvelous , but really there 's nothing there at all .
 My 4 year old got this book from grandparents , which I observe appears to be the same generation that has written all the glowing reviews of this book . I guess it paints a picture that appeals to another generation , but I really do n't get it.This is the worst book I 've ever read my child . I 've read her quite a lot , and I am very progressive in my choice of books.The English in the story does n't make sense , including incomplete sentences and fragments of ideas . The story is almost stream of consciousness , but not quite . There is also a random attempt to rhyme , but often the rhyming words are several lines apart , after the child would recognize a rhyme had happened.The plot seems to consist of
 Arthur Miller 's After the Fall is a highly autobiographical account told by a man named Quentin who has suffered through a difficult family life , two marriages , and the McCarthy Trials . It is depicted artistically by freely flowing from scene to scene with no regard to time or location , but the artistry in the continuity does not make up for the dullness of the overall story . The play reads as if this man is in a therapy session describing the painfully dull events of his life . He explains his shaky family relationships along with minor events from his childhood , his nagging first wife Louise and the attractive neighbor who made him start to think disloyally , and the struggles of co-workers faced with deciding between integrity and their careers . Although these events might seem like they could be earth-shattering , especially the McCarthy bit , Miller manages to drain them of any excitement or intrigue.The bright spot in the play is Maggie , a highly self destructive but free spirited girl who becomes Quentin 's second wife . Though when I first read the play , I had no idea of the connection , Maggie is Miller 's interpretation of Marilyn Monroe . This is the sole reason that anyone who is not a fan of Miller 's work would want to read this play ; one gains insight into how immature and below him Miller considered Monroe to be.If you are interested in Arthur Miller outside of his relationship with Marilyn Monroe , you might enjoy this book . If you are interested in the human mind and the way experiences shape a person , you have a slight chance of enjoying this book . If you are looking for a story with a rising action , a climax , and a fall , you probably will hate this play .
 This play is way too sophisticated for my tastes . I am only half-way through it and I am only going to reach the end because I am the kind of obsessive-compulsive individual who must finish a book or a movie or an audio book once I start them . I do violate this rule once in a while , but this play is too short to resist ... Anyway , I think LA Theater Works is a FANTASTIC publisher and I love most of the many plays of theirs I have listened to , but this one is above my head . I find the actors truly outstanding , but the story and the dialog are broken and confusing . Once in a while a short sequence will hit me as meaningful and compelling , but usually this is in the midst of other rather obscure dialog or monologues.I have loved all other plays by Arthur Miller I have listened to so far , so I guess I just do not like this form or disconnected high-brow semi-autobiographical story telling . I really do not want to be dismissive . I can believe that there is much more to this play than what * I * can understand , but I just do n't get it .
 Should 've been titled `` The Very Basics of Keno '' . Could have been written in the 50 's . Not much on `` Strategies '' . Gave a few complicated ideas , but not clearly explained .
 This was the most confusing subject I 've ever endured in my life . Unfortunately , this case book only added to it . There are cases after cases that are supposed to help you understand civil procedure , but there is little discussion of the law itself or about why the court decided the first case the way it did but did the polar opposite in a second , similar case . The questions that are provided after the cases are designed to help you analyze the law , but they are of little help when you have no foundation . Most people will probably need to consult at least one other source to understand civil procedure . If your law library provides a hornbook , make it your best friend . It is too late for me .
 This book is not worth the paper it is printed on . Yeazell is another author who sells an un-answered book just so he can sell another book that explains the first one . Civ Pro is hard enough without having to blow $ 300 just to understand the class textbook . If your civ pro class uses this book , RUN ! Switch to another class or buy all the supplements you can that are by other authors .
 Note to Civ Pro professors
 Yeazell 's casebook gets off to a good start with a very well written intro , but after that it is obvious that the first chapter was the only chapter in the book that Yeazell put any effort into . As other reviewers have stated the cases have been edited quite poorly , the Erie doctrine section confuses , more than it helps and the overall flow of the textbook is poor . Also the note sections , which usually serve to help students make sense of the case that was just read , are more often than not filed with unhelpful questions with no guidance on how to answer them or what the answer would be.I ended up buying the Hornbook by West and that easily became the text that I used -LRB- along with the Fed Rules book -RRB- to understand Civ Pro.I fell sorry for you if you have to use this book . * Note review is for the 6th edition .
 I actually liked my Civil Procedure class , but I hated doing the reading for it because it meant I 'd have to use this book . The layout is thus
 This book is basically worthless , except as a makeshift booster seat or placeholder on a bookshelf . I read this book , then I read the Glannon E and E . There is no comparison . Glannon illuminates , and Yeazell simply asks tedious questions with no answers given . My advice would be to use Glannon as your text and only use Yeazell for the cases.Also , I should mention , do n't drop out just because you find this book incomprehensible . I did fine in civ pro using mainly supplements for learning the material .
 The author who wrote this book must have had only one intention - to confuse the reader . There is nothing remotely good about this book . It is edited very poorly to the point where it makes absolutely no sense . The author hides the true meaning to the cases . If you do n't have a VERY good civ pro teacher , you will have no idea what you are reading . I do n't understand why someone would take the time to write over 800 pages and deliver no purpose to the text . It is so bad that if I was an incoming law student , I would probably turn down a school if I found that they used this book for their civ pro course .
 First is the review and then how I managed my study time using supplements and the FRCP . This is by far the worst text book we used during my 1L year , because after each case it has a few explanations , but typically just asks TONS of short questions W/OUT ANY answers ! The purpose is to get you thinking about the topics and spend weeks figuring them out yourself . I listened to my 1st semester prof and used solely this book and the rule book -LRB- used minimally first semester -RRB- . This was by far the worst advice I have ever been given , because the book will waste your precious time or make you stop reading altogether . However , there is a way to make the class interesting and gain the necessary info with minimal wasted time . Also , each semester is almost like a completely different class -LRB- one is theory and one is rules -RRB- . I used various supplements for this class . Before buying all of them -LRB- like I did -RRB- I would go to your law library and look them over , use them for your class and see if they are presented in a way that works for you . If not , then buy whatever you can that is most useful and use the library 's books as needed . My biggest mistake was thinking by using supplements to supplement my casebook I would learn less or get screwed up . Professors tell you whether they like supplements or not , but if you use them to prepare for class , still at least go through the cases and take NOTES from what they say , you will do far better.I will explain the books I used second semester , which is less theory and rules based . Before each class topic I readAcing Civil Procedure -LRB- Acing Law School -RRB- and then outlined the rule in my own words using the Commentary sections inA Student 's Guide to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure -LRB- Student Guides -RRB- to fill in and flesh out the rules . I then read throughEmanuel Law Outline
 I think my title sums it up . If you are a professor deciding on a book to use for your class , PLEASE do not use this one . Thank you .
 This is not the book for people interested in the Romanovs.Its a silly , misleadingbizzare , historical novel.So much misinformation is given , that it shouldnt even be called historical . Dont waste your money , like I did .
 Like the first reviewer I was greatly enjoying this novel about Ella . It 's remarkable . . and then at the very end he ruins it with what can only be called gratuitous tasteless bizarreness that did n't even sound like the same writer ... the spell was shattered and I ca n't guess why ... it achieved nothing and harmed the book ... imo . If he had afforded Ella the dignity of her death that we know took place ... it would be a better known book . . as it is , it almost goes into SiFi
 I am not sure what reviewer before me is writing about , but this is a small notebook - blank - not a story about about a girl , soccer , etc. . But for a $ 1 it is a cute notepad .
 Amazon charges 2.99 for this , and it says right on the notebook that it is $ 1.00
 I have been an avid science fiction affectionado for 40 years . This was the worst written tale I have ever tried to get through . If you like your prose written at a third-graders intellectual level and with the insight of a redneck moonshiner , this is the book for you . Where did they find the readers for this audio book ? Unbelievably inadequate .
 A friend gave me this book knowing how little I thought of Battlefield Earth -LRB- Book & Movie -RRB- . My biggest mistake was seeing the Battlefield Earth movie , despite reading the book.A Small Percentage was as predictable as Battlefield Earth , War of the Worlds , Santa vs. the Martians , and Independence Day . Mankind will prevail despite odds and technology.A Small Percentage did show the kind side of the aliens -LRB- Jenny -RRB- and the humans -LRB- Clay -RRB-
 I 've listened to hundreds of audio books and I must say , the readers on this made this one of the all time worst . The male reader was okay . He attempted to change his voice for different characters and situations , and did a half-way decent job of acting out his lines . The woman reader almost had me in tears she was so bad . She sounded like a third-grader that had just learned to read and sound out words . Forget any acting , she just read the words , and quite poorly I might add.Why did I mention the bad readers first ? Because they detracted from the story . The story in and of itself was n't that bad . In the future , aliens take over the earth in order to get sorely needed resources for their race . Naturally , the humans are n't too happy , and with good reason . Some of the aliens are just downright cruel and mean . Others try to learn from the humans and learn about compassion . Then to make matters worse , another alien race shows up . What 's a human to do ? The answer is plan and figure out a way to get rid of the aliens.This book focused on the conflict between the humans and the aliens and the humans drive to take back the Earth and get rid of the aliens once and for all.Like I said , the story was n't that bad , but it was no page turner either . I gave it two stars because every now and then something interesting happened that gave me hope the book was getting better . Then the woman reader would read her lines , and my hopes would be dashed anew . In my opinion , if you pass up on this one , you should n't feel as if you 've missed anything . But , if you decide to be brave and read it , check it out from the library .
 This is basically a rehash of the concepts given in B.H. Liddell Hart 's Strategy . The examples are different , for the most part , but the conclusions are exactly the same - almost word for word . Strategy is much better for the money .
 It is a lively and interesting book , however , it is almost impossible to agree with the author on the conclusions - he is way too lightweight in my view .
 While Mr. Alexander writes in an colorful and gripping style , and the book is an enjoyable read , the few new insights he offers are often on the based on the most frivoulous ground , or simply untrue . For example
 `` Bosh sprinkled with mystic cologne , '' tooted critic George Jean Nathan when this opened in NYC , 1950 , picked up a TONY for Best Play and ran a year . TIME helped by putting TS on its cover , March 5 , 1950 . Other writers blessed by TIME
 I went to Vancover on a trip a few weeks ago and came across a big bookshop . I browsed the books there and noticed a thin scrapbooking book -LRB- with Lizzie Mcguire 's head on the cover -RRB- in the children 's corner . As a beginner scrapbooker , I 'm constantly finding good materials to improve my scrapbooking skills . I flipped through the pages of the book and here are a few reasons why this book is so NOT worth the price :1 . lack of information2 . too few layouts3 . too childish4 . less than fifty pages!Honestly , this book is the WORST scrapbooking book I 've ever seen ! So if you 're planning to buy some scrapbooking books to read , please remember to skip this !
 This book has been re-printed , but -LRB- in the copy I received , I ca n't speak for all of them -RRB- nearly all of the text was totally scrambled thanks to some amazing errors with the fonts and typesetting . The Old Icelandic texts were completely unreadable and I have returned my copy to Amazon , who have granted me a full refund . This is extremely disappointing as I had intially been delighted to find that this work had been made available . I sincerely hope that my experience was unusual , and that others have not been similarly let down by shoddy workmanship ! Buy with extreme caution ...
 Although the idea of scanning and printing out-of-print books is a noble one , this particular effort is criminal . It takes an important text and turns it into a piece of garbage.Consistently , the special Icelandic letters -LRB- , , , etc -RRB- are rendered as gibberish , and there 's no excuse for this . The entire process indicates laziness and stupidity on the parts of the publishers . They scanned and digitalized the the text but were too stupid to realize that often less common fonts do n't translate well . They were then too lazy to examine the text and fix this problem . The solution would have been simple
 I had expected something a BIT more user friendly for the learner . This hearkens back to the days in school taking Latin . It 's rows and lists and columns for forms and conjugations of words the book assumes you already know . A large portion of the text is in Icelandic . For someone experience or fluent , this would likely be a good historical reference to a bygone era of teaching the Icelandic language , but for an utter novice it 's practically useless .
 The book looks nice and reads easy.But the author obviously has little or no management experience at all . Reads like a mangement text book written by an outdated , behind-the-desk university professor.Recommended for folks who are keen on the history of strategic management !
 I teach strategic management in the MBA program and do not recommend that this book be used . The cases are very dated and industry restructuring , as well as poor coverage of new technologies -LRB- such as the Internet -RRB- , make this book tedious reading . Miller also fails to include several theories and frameworks -LRB- such as Porter 's industry analysis -RRB- which gives spotty coverage to some areas . The international dimension is also very poor -- the assumption is that international environments are similar to domestic environments and a pursuit of profits -LRB- Miller 's definition of success -RRB- is all that is needed in both for companies . Simplistic !
 This book was published in 1997 and written probably two years earlier . It misses out on all the developments that have shaken and rebuilt industries in the last 7 or 8 years . It also has very poor coverage of both classic and more modern theories . Yes , Miller takes a stand
 Miller should stop insisting that participants in the University of Tennesee 's Executive MBA programs use this outdated and wordy book with decade-old examples .
 This book is old and shows it age . There are very few examples , and those in the book are over a decade old ! A lot of changes have happened in strategy in a decade , ... Avoid this book if possible .
 When Miller wrote this book over a decade ago , the world had still to experience the Internet boom and collapse , the Asian financial crisis , the fall of the yuppies . I used this book in introductory strategic management classes but have now abandoned it as most of my students were in primary school when it was written . This book has limited applicability and the theory needs to be polished tremendously . I understand they still use this book in Executive MBA programs at Miller 's school , the University of Tennessee , though . Go figure !
 We still use this book in Knoxville , TN , but not because of popular demand . Not updated in over a decade ; old examples , old theories and unrefined concepts ; excessively wordy without imparting much knowledge . Need I say more ?! What are the choices ? In Knoxville , not many , as Alex Miller teaches in the Executive MBA program , but elsewhere -- how about Hill or Wheelen/Hunger or Prahalad ?
 I bought this book for my 3 year old and I am returning it . Froggy 's mother tells him it is time to go to bed and like most children , he resists and stalls . What I do n't like about the book is the way the mother lets Froggy push her around . Froggy tells his mother that SHE has to close the closet , open the door a crack , and turn the night light down before HE will go to sleep . And the mother does as she is told . He then spills water on the floor and the mother cleans it up and then continues to do as Froggy demands .
 We love books at our house . We check out about 10-20 new books every week from the library . I made the mistake of checking this one out . That was three weeks ago , and it has completely ruined our bedtime routine . My almost 3-year-old never had much trouble taking naps or going to sleep at night . But ever since we read this book , he has learned how to stall going to bed and yells quotes from the book such as `` I 'm hungry , I ca n't go to bed ! '' or `` I need to brush my teeth again , '' etc , etc. . I made the mistake of caving in to a few of his demands at first , like when he asked for a drink of water before bed -LRB- he got that idea from the book , too -RRB- . Now he thinks he can get whatever he wants by yelling for it , and it 's frustrating since we have a one-year-old sleeping in the room next to him , who wakes up whenever he yells . I ca n't imagine what could possess a person to write such a book for a toddler ... obviously someone who does n't understand children . Do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this book !!!
 Raising respectful children is a difficult task . Many parents try hard , and pray hard , to see that their children learn good manners and a good attitude . Those are some of my parenting goals.This is our first Froggy book - it was given to my daughter as a Christmas gift . It is certainly not a book I would have bought for her . Other reviewers have written about the disrespect the Froggy shows toward his mother - and it is prevalent in this story.The other concern I have with this story is the fact that it teaches children a number of diversions to use when they do n't want to go to bed . I 'm pretty sure that children will learn many of these on their own , but why read them this story and teach them to : hide their toothbrush in the cookie jar?to eat after brushing their teeth for the night?to demand so much from their mother before going to sleep?No ! These are certainly not things I will intentionally teach my daughter.The story does beg one other question - Where is Froggy 's father in all this?If you want to speed your child on his or her way to being ill mannered and disrespectful , this is the book for you.The only plus , in my opinion , is the artwork . The book is well illustrated .
 I got this book from the library and just read it to my 3-year-old for the first time -- and I certainly wo n't ever read it to him again ! The last thing I want to do is teach him several new ways to delay bedtime , which this book is certain to do . And each tactic comes with an annoying sound effect ! What could be worse ?
 In this book which our child loves , Froggy FINALLY brushes his teeth ... and then ... get this ... he eats a bowl of flies AFTERhe brushes his teeth . Now our child wants a bowl of cereal AFTER he brushes every night ! THANKS A LOT ! Boo to the author .
 Okay , first I will give you a little history . My 4 year old son suddenly began having bedtime issues after almost two years of smooth , trouble-free bedtime routines . Now we were hearing I need a snack , I 'm thirsy , please close my closet door , one more story . I thought `` where on earth did all of these requests come from ? '' As a parent , you get used to stall tactics but this was an onslaught of ridiculous , petty and frustrating requests . My husband and I racked our brains trying to figure out how things had begun to spiral out of control . Although we did not give in , the requests kept mounting.Then along came Valentine 's Day gifts from the grandparents . Included was a book called `` Froggy Goes To Bed '' My son opened it and said `` Hey , we read this book at -LRB- pre -RRB- school ! '' Naturally , at naptime that was the book of choice . We sat down to read it and a few pages in it became eerily familiar . I suddenly realized where this bizarre set of requests had come from ~ Froggy , the disobedient frog.Maybe if you have older children they would not be influenced by Froggy 's nasty attitude this book would be `` funny '' . However , my 4 year old is much too impressionable for books that make light of disrespect toward parents and supply ideas for how to push your parents to the point that they say -LRB- to quote Froggy 's mom -RRB- `` Oh , fiddlesticks ! '' By the end of the book Froggy 's poor mom is so tired that she falls asleep while reading , and reading , and reading to Froggy.I absolutely would NOT recommend this book . I put it in our pile of books to donate and then , realizing how cruel that was , threw it away . I would not wish this on another parent.A side note : We also received `` Froggy Goes To the Doctor '' . In a nutshell Froggy obsesses about getting a shot , is hyper in the waiting room and practically assaults the doctor during the course of his exam . He almost pokes her eye out , knocks her on the floor , bowls her over with his morning breath and so on ~ all of which is treated like humor but strikes me as obnoxious and bratty.I will not be purchasing any Froggy books for anyone I like .
 Have spacesuit will travel feels like a soccer game which starts excitingly , with a nice tempo , and both teams giving their all . Somewhere after the 10th minute , not only the would-be Peles and Maradonas lose the magic touch , but heavy rain also starts pouring down , and the spectacle becomes dull , almost irritating , until 5 minutes before time or so , when the rain stops , the players wake up again and end up the match in style.So , in a few words
 The worst book by Heinlein by far -LRB- I have read at least 10 ! -RRB- . One of the worst sci-fi books I have read in my life ! Incredibly childish , primitive and boring ! It 's really hard to believe that such a great writer came up with this .
 `` Have Space Suit - Will Travel '' is one of the few Heinlein books which does n't work very well for me . The characters are fine , but the plot simply does n't hold up very well , even for a book aimed at younger readers . Published in 1958 in the August - October issues of `` The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction '' ; it is the last of Heinlein 's juveniles to be written and published . In 1998 , it was remembered by fans when it tied for 48th on the Locus All-Time Poll for Science Fiction novels from before 1990Clifford Russell -LRB- known as Kip -RRB- is a teenager who is finishing high-school and though he has passed the College Boards , his big dream is to go to the moon . His father has also made it clear that he needs to make his own way in the world , and so whether he goes to college or to the moon , he will have to find the means . The first part of the story covers his desperate attempt to win the Skyway Soap contest with its prize of a trip to the moon . Through hard work , the help of family and friends , and the whole town where he lives , Kip manages to put together nearly 5,800 entries to the contest.Unfortunately Kip does n't win the grand prize , but he is one of the people who is awarded the runner-up prize of a space suit . While it was a real space suit , it has been stripped down , so Kip decides to work hard at fixing the suit up , and this becomes the focus of the energies . As fall approaches and he has finished the suit , he realizes that he will need to sell the suit in order to attend college , so he decides to take one last walk in his fully functional space suit.The story in this initial section is pretty straight forward . Heinlein develops Kip 's character well , and there is a reasonable scientific basis for his repair of the space suit . At this point though , the story moves into more of a space adventure story . A rather implausible scenario results in Kip being kidnapped and aboard a space ship heading for the moon with a genius child , Patricia Reisfeld -LRB- known as Peewee -RRB- as a fellow prisoner as well as the Mother Thing -LRB- an alien -RRB- , all of which are prisoners of Wormface -LRB- another alien -RRB- who is part of a race which seems intent on taking over the Earth.While the jump into the space adventure part of the story is rather drastic , and completely changes the setting from one which was fairly plausible to one with two previously unknown aliens species and space ships using previously unknown drives , far beyond the technology of Earth , the transition does take place early enough in the story that the reader is willing to forgive the abrupt change . This part of the story ends up taking our characters to Pluto and puts them in a dire situation from which it appears impossible for them to escape.At this point , Heinlein is forced to help the characters out of their dilemma , and then once again changes the reality of the story he was telling , to something else entirely . Now we find ourselves in a universe with space ships and drives which are capable of near instantaneous travel anywhere , and we move from an alien invasion story to one of morality . First we have the Wormface race put on trial , and then humanity itself . It is not clear why Heinlein decided to add these things in such a weak way so late in the story . One can only guess that it would not have been long enough without this section , but that does n't change the fact that it weakens the overall story to a great extent.If you know Heinlein , then you know that his characters are interesting and that his writing is very engaging for the reader . Both of those things are certainly true for this novel as they are for most of his work . However , this really is one of his weaker efforts , and I would strongly suggest that you do not select this novel as an introduction to Heinlein .
 If you are not of the corporate cloth , or one who feels that you MUST shoehorn yourself into a job that you will have to contort yourself into doing day after day after day , I would not recommend this book.This book 's method of sending out countless resumes , looking at newspaper want ads and telephone book listings is a pointless waste of time . It is a method that is a surefire way to have your countless resumes you sent out to be thrown right into the trash and land you a job you can have at best , a cordial hatred of doing.I really disliked the author 's overall tone in that if you were looking for a job , or god forbid , did n't have one , then you were a miserable expletive that only deserved a job if you pulled yourself up by your own bootstraps . At one point in this book , the author suggests that if you went to the library to get information in searching for a job , then you did n't even deserve to drive your car to the library , and that you should consider walking.I think that this book is a degrading waste of time to read , and has a much better use as fuel for a fire in a fireplace . Once you 've used it this way , you 'll never have to look at this book ever again .
 I was happy with this book until I began writing those precious memories in it . Its construction is poor at best . My son is less than six months old and already the plastic screw and nut construction wo n't hold the binding together . The book pops apart every time I open it , it is a real mess . If this is what it is like at less than six months , I wonder how the publisher expects it to hold up as a lifetime keepsake . What bothers me the most about it though , is that I have been reluctant to pick it up and write in it because I do n't have the time to line up the pages and put it back together again once I open it . It is a darn shame . I ca n't return it , since I 've written in it already . I did call the publisher and they offered to replace the book , but really , that is n't what I need , I need better screws that do n't strip under pressure . My advice to you is if you get this book DO NOT unscrew the binding -LRB- even though it urges you to do so -RRB- it will never be the same .
 I bought this on the great reviews . I should not have listened . This book is all about the author . Notice her name prominently displayed on the front cover . The drawings are cute but there are too many pages on items that should take a couple of lines . This book is all about making the authors ' art look nice than telling the story about your baby . I w rote a few lines in it already and then got mad so I ca n't return it . Now I must throw this away and get another baby book .
 I ordered the one with ISBN 978-0-141-04257-2 not knowing it was a flimsy edition with only four of the 13 chapters in the real book ! The original -LRB- out of print , but available through various online sources -RRB- has a waterfall on the front . ISBN 0-486-29167-7 is the real book .
 This product is not worth the money . I recently purchased it for an American Civilization course , and aside from it being incomplete , the pages are just small , scanned photos of the actual work . Almost all of it is illegible because of faded , blurred print , and much too small to read even if the ink was n't faded . I am extremely disappointed . It is a useless 17 pages and a waste of $ 13 . NOT WORTH BUYING AT ALL ! -LRB- Do not buy the one with the ISBN number 9781179557915 -RRB-
 Not what I would call a well written book.Not even what I would call a factual book.That being said , I 'd suggest that if Richard Ramirez fascinates you , and you wish to learn more about him and the crimes that he committed pick up a copy of Philip Carlo 's book `` The Night Stalker
 This is the WORST book I have ever read in my life . Riddled with discrepancies , the author felt the egotistical heroism to change the name of some of the victims -LRB- which are readily available to anyone who wants to research them anyway -RRB- all this book does is irritate and confuse those who are already familiar with the Night Stalker case . Even some of the names he DID N'T try to cover up , he got wrong . The suspect 's sister , as one example . The author is obviously biased and will make underhanded cheap shots at Mr.Ramirez at any open opportunity . It 's childish and disgusting and makes for a terrible read , completely un-educational , the false facts poison the entire story . Mr.Linedecker could n't even get the number of siblings Richie had/has correct , he consistantly goes back to change the `` facts '' he had already mentioned and gotten incorrect -LRB- such as how a victim had been killed , going from shooting an incorrect number of times , to stabbing -RRB- . Falsified information , he repeats himself endlessly , skips details altogether , and just plain makes things up . I have zero respect for this author , this was an uninteresting read through and through . Before I had even begun , I was curious how someone could fully cover a subject like this with so few pages , and the answer is -- you ca n't . I felt as if I was reading the rough draft of an awful story that a 5th grader had written , I hope the author did n't get paid for this piece of trash . Take this one out of the ` true crime ' section and file this one under FICTION , in the bargain bin.If you want the real deal , please , I can not beg you enough , read Night Stalker by Philip Carlo . He 's a brilliant author who spent over 100 hours talking with Richard Ramirez himself . I trust that he got all the information he possibly could , as close to truth as humanly possible . He 's creative with his words , expresses environments in such a way you can nearly feel it , and most importantly he is n't biased . He brings us enlightenment on every area of the subjects life , this book provides a wonderful insight into the killers mind , and puts you right there in the action.Leave Linedecker 's garbage in the trash , where it belongs .
 After reading Philip Carlo 's book I wanted to know everything I could about Richard Ramirez . Instead of taking advice from all the reviews on this book I decided to read it for myself . Big mistake ! First off , the book skipped so much detail and most of the details in this book were totally wrong . You can google the Night stalker and get accurate information then what this book gives . Do yourself a favor and learn from my mistakes , trust the reviews , save your money and buy Philip Carlo 's book instead . I had to put this book down and couldnt even finish it .
 HIiF SOME ONE IS OUT THERE PLEASE WRITE TO ME
 this was one of the worst books i have ever readany way my 3 kids ripped it up in to pieces of they where so asamed to have that book on their book selfGotta go my kid are screamingbyehi stacey
 Remember that Costain was a novelist , not a historian . What Costain did with these books was to write a series of novels that were based on history but are bad history . Costain writes with purple prose that prejudges his subjects . You can not do that with history . He constantly says how `` bad '' King John was . Was he ? He had his failings but for a self-styled `` historian '' to call him `` bad '' or `` evil '' at every turn is ridiculous . After all , some base their opinions of King Richard III on Shakespeare 's play - which was written to set Richard in a bad light and Edward VII , the first of the Tudors -LRB- of which his patron , Elizabeth I , was one -RRB- in a good light . History has since shown that Richard III was a fine monarch nor was the deformed hunchback depicted by Shakespeare . Again , bad history , great play . In Costain 's books nothing is footnoted , conversations are fabricated , and history is disregarded . For example , he says that King John signed the Magna Carta -LRB- which he misspells -RRB- and that there was one . Wrong ! There were 41 copies and each was sealed by the King , not signed . A small error ? No ! If he gets that wrong , what about the rest ? Again , good novel , bad history so read these as novels but do NOT take them as history .
 The book was rated as ` good ' quality in the advertisement , but when it arrived the cover immediately fell off .
 The book somehow managed to keep a mild suspention till the end -- that means I did n't toss the book away into my recyle bin while I was reading it . This was my second book of Tory Bauer . Although the novelty setting in a small town in South Dakota was wearing thin this time around , the characters in the book were still charming in the same old South Dakota way . My complaint to the author or publisher is that although Ms. Taylor created a fairly good story-line in this book , the killer 's motive was neither clear or pausible . I got an impression that the author wanted to finish the story as soon as she told who the killer was . I would expect that a mystery needs to provide a good plot -- that means not just unlikely killer but also providing persuesive motive of the murder . Alas , this book failed to give the latter . I felt like the writer just tried to prolong the stroy like a chewing gum , stretching it as much as possilbe . I hope she keeps this mind next time she write her new mystery . If she fails , that means she has to write an obituary of Tory . It 's a challenge , but I hope she will survive .
 I just love when I spend my money to get insulted . Ms. Taylor 's books are written from a morally-bankrupt liberal perspective from which she throws darts at her `` enemies '' by belittling and insulting their views . If you are a Christian , Republican , or Conservative , forget spending your money . If you are curious , just check out one of her soap-box novels from the library for free.I have grown increasingly tired of liberals who feel no qualms about insulting a portion of their readers . It is a shame that they are not as reluctant to take their money . I miss the days when novels were pure entertainment , a la Dorothy Sayers , instead of dogma.After ordering a Janet Evanovich novel , Amazon.com recommended Kathleen Taylor . The two authors rest on opposite ends of the entertainment spectrum . Janet Evanovich 's novels are fast-paced and colorful , with rich , fun-loving characters . Ms. Taylor 's novels are filled with characters no one would want to know personally , especially Tory Bauer
 The kindle version of The Heart is a Lonely Hunter is full of typos and errors . If you want to get the best out of this excellent novel then rather buy the traditional paperback version . The poor quality of this edition can only damage Penguin 's reputation .
 I spent an entire semester of English class reading and analyzing this book . What I learned was that this book starts dry with disengaging characters , while the plot proceeds at a painstakingly slow pace for very little to happen . Sure , there are plenty of worse authors and worse books out there , but The Heart is a Lonely Hunter makes a strong case for the worst book I 've ever read . I can only describe it as an insipid waste of time . This book will not entertain you , and it will not make you smarter in any way . I truly hate this book with a passion.This book might be good for English majors or snobs who want to appear well-read . It 's one of those books that people assume is of high literary value when in fact it borders on garbage . Pointing this out is unpopular and goes against the status-quo . At first I planned to buy a few dozen used copies and burn them to ensure people wo n't have to endure this awful book . But then I decided I 'd rather have people read it to find out for themselves just how bad it is . They might like the first chapter , and tolerate the second , but by the third chapter they will know they are holding a complete waste of paper . The story ends with the book sold back to some poor customer on Amazon . Just look at how popular used copies are . People are desperate to get rid of this nonsense .
 It took me two months and forty-eight hours of nonstop raining to finish this `` classic '' set in the Deep South during the 1930s . Key characters in the novel are all struggling with embracing and understanding what makes them different from the status quo . These characters also spend a fair amount of time pondering the human condition during a time when race relations in America appear to mirror ethnic relations in Hitler 's Germany . The novel is quite dense and for me probably one of the slowest reads I 've encountered in a while . I 'm sure the story was quite powerful when it was originally published in 1940 but I was n't able to connect to the story much at all ; I simply wanted to finish it because it was a recommended read.While I did n't get into the story much I 'm sure there is much material here for academic and historical analysis but it was n't much of a pleasure read for me - and definitely not a summer read . I checked this out from library and even with the late fees that I 've racked up it was still cheaper than purchasing it . Read it if you have to for a classroom exercise but I ca n't recommend that you run out a purchase it .
 I read this book because it was mentioned and held in very high regard in the book I just finished Off Magazine Street . Although it was very well written , it 's definitely not for everyone and it made me feel as though I was reading it for a class . It was a struggle at times . I appreciated it , but would not recommend it .
 This was the most awfully boring book I 've ever read ! It was for a discussion group or I would n't have read most of it . Had no idea it was a classic , but now wonder what made it so . All of our discussion group thought the same thing !
 First of all this book is something that should n't even be forced onto someone to read . The book is way to slow to grab someones attention . I love to read everything , but this book in one word is bad . It took me about 4 or 5 weeks to force myself to read it .
 how BORING this book is . For the life of me I can not understand how some readers `` LOVED '' this . Like the reader from Manhattan , I also could n't keep going after a certain page . And God knows I 've tried . I 've tried a couple of times . And I just could n't go on . It just never took me anywhere . Why , for the Love of God is this book considered to be a classic ?????
 I am an avid reader . I will more or less read anything and everything . This , however is the most boring book I have ever read . It 's been 3 weeks and I am still on page 100 . I just ca n't get into it . And sometimes feel like I should force myself to finish it . The characters are boring . They never grow or develop . What is the point here ?? Why is this book a classic ?????
 I just finished reading this book , and it was n't easy . The characters were vague , frustrating , and aimless . So , who cares about them , not I. Life is too interesting to be so pointless , and there are too many interesting people in this world , so why write about such dull souls . The author 's picture on the front cover seems to express her own feelings ... Yawn .
 I have had the misfortune of picking 3 highly recommended ` classic ' books in the past month that all melted together and subdued my voracious reading bug.The first was Chocolat , followed by The Heart is a Lonely Hunter and capped off with Snow Falling on Cedars . It took me approximately 21/2 times longer to get through these books than other books and after completing all three , I can only slightly differentiate Chocolat away from the rest of them.In terms of The Heart is a Lonely Hunter - I can see why this is an Oprah Book Club book . Her Book Club started out good - nothing too complicated , nothing to fluffy - but then , in my opinion , her choices became too factual and less about enjoyment . I can not get through a Toni Morrison book to save my life and even if I could , I would n't understand it . I feel similarly about this book - I can get through it and I understand it , but I 'm hanging by a very thin thread.Some Oprah Book books really struck me - Icy Sparks , anything by Wally Lamb , for example - but if they do n't totally strike me , they seem to go the opposite.I 've read a few book since reading this one and ca n't honestly remember what it 's about . I piqued my memory before writing this down though and I remember some disgust with the deaf mute in the hospital and that was the extent of my emotional connection to this book.I do n't think it 's a must read and I do n't think it 's once of those books that , once you labor through , you want to reread . I would skip this one .
 college grads find this book boring just as well . It was just so slow moving , so uninteresting , so dull and depressing . Gosh , there are so many books out there that I would consider classics . Why this book ??? I ca n't believe readers are giving it 5 stars . I would give it NO stars if I could .
 I do n't understand how people found this book excellent and interesting . But then again some people might not understand how I found this book totally boring , uninteresting and depressing . This book is far from a Classic and deserves NO STARS .
 I 'll admit that this book was interesting , but I did n't know where the author was going with it . I had to read this book for English so I could write a speech about it on whether or not it 's a classic . I do n't know what I will write since I really do n't know what it 's themes are . I could not relate to the characters very much . I do n't know anyone like these people ! What I saw were a bunch of losers who had their problems , but they did n't did n't try to help themselves ! Mr. Singer was the most promising character in the book , but he killed himself ! I was very disappointed ! I guess this book made me realize that I have little problems in comparison to them . Do n't read this book unless you are an expert on finding themes !
 I find this book boring . I 've had it for a month and ca n't bring myself to pick it up any more .
 While the book is well written I have had a whale of a time getting through it . It has taken me three weeks to get past the second part . I get the premise of what she is writing about , I just find it to be terribly and overwhelmingly depressing . Tell me it gets better .
 I had to read this entire book , 357 pages in all , in one weekend for a college class just recently . After reading for close to 14 hours straight I had finished and was sorely dissapointed with the impression I had recieved from the novel.First off , if you enjoy compelling or believable characters then this is n't for you . THe black doctor is typecasted to the point that he names his son Karl Marx . His sadness appears contrived and the relationships with his family are stupidly played out . And his speech on Christmas Day about Marx just does n't work . The other characters are pretty pathetic as well . More pages are wasted telling us about how the main character Mick feels than us actually being shown that she is changing and growing . The deaf-mute , Singer , is plain boring.And nothing happens . A girl is shot , Mick loses her virginity , another character loses his legs . But even as McCullers introduces action , she resolves it and pushes it out of the way of the rest of the story , her incessant and boring as hell character study.The story ends by re-examining each of the characters a final time , and has found that they are all still lonely , and all still pathetic . And instead of a healthy conclusion , she ends on Biff , the most stagnant and unrealistic character in the entire novel , whose femininity might be unmatched by any other character.Don ' t waste your time reading this overwrought novel . Beyond all the issues with it being boring , the writing is just plain sentimental , trite , and nice . It 's obvious that a 23 year old women developed each and every one of these characters .
 An old black man going senile and dying who was born twenty years too early , a suicidal and savior-like deaf mute , a violent drunk carnie Fascist , a caf&eacute; owner who could be a pedophile and is turning into a transvestite after the death of his wife , and a little girl with too much stress destined to be a drunk . Actually , that sounds quite interesting . When told by Carson McCullers , it is not . I do understand it is a great work . Yes , it is famous and well written and reveals a lot about the human condition . I know all that . I just do n't like it . I could relate to the characters , but not enough to care or really get involved . I can see where this could be one of those books I hate , but in discussion I get to like it more , just because of what is talked about . But that 's not going to be enough to ever make me want to pick up this book again . Over three hundred pages and I was bored almost the whole time . I did like it when people started getting shot because I thought , `` Finally , something 's going to happen . '' Then nothing did except more talking about how painful life was and how justice needs to be served now and how it 's not going to and what common thread links us all , we ca n't figure it out , boo hoo , life is miserable . Oh , and that stunning second to last paragraph where the entire theme of the novel is bluntly stated by one of the characters . It was one of the only points that was actually interesting to read . But , come on ! Carson , if you wanted subtlety , you just blew it , and if you did n't want subtlety , then why the hell did you ramble on for three hundred and seven pages ?! To use the words of Mick , `` What good was it ? ... What the hell good was it . ''
 This book put me to sleep before I could even finish a chapter . I do n't think that it had anything to do with a real persons daily life . Overall I hated the book and it was the most boring book I ever read !!!
 I was excited to finally join `` Oprah 's Book Club '' and start by reading this book . As I read along and got encouraging emails from Oprah , I kept wondering when the long , cumbersome details of each character would end and some sort of interesting plot would develop . When I read the end of p. 359 the boring descriptions finally ended . Unfortunately , it was the last page of the book !!! I did get the point of the book , that we are all more the same than we realize or want to acknowledge ... BUT ... Overall , I felt that this storyline moved very slow and was n't very interesting.I 'm hoping that the next book club selection is better than this one .
 I had to read this book for school . It was rather boring . The only parts I liked was about Mick Kelly , and nothing ever even happend to her . But , it is easy to trace the pattern of lonliness throughout the book . Anyway , if you are reading it for fun , you 've got to be REAL BORED !!!
 I personally found the book slow and dull . It could not keep me interested and that is unusual since I can normally read just about any book that is put before me . There is n't much more I can really say about this book .
 This book was boreing to read because it did not follow a definite plot line and skipped from person to person . I didnt know what was happening or who it was happening to . It was a chore to read instead of a pleasure .
 In the grand list of books that you will have enjoyed having read , this one ranks slightly above `` Tom and Jane Go to Camp '' . Now , I 'm not going to say that this book was trite , boring , lacking in substance or otherwise devoid of anything resembling redeeming merit , because it does have its purpose . That purpose being to sit on your shelf and make it appear as though you are some kind of eruditic masochist.If , like me , you were forced to read this book as some sophomore hazing ritual , you will no doubt remember that this book contains very little in the way of plot and character development . The characters do n't so much grow as fester.I would not recommend this book to anybody , even those that I hate . People who have suicidal tendencies are warned to stay away as the most cheery portion of this book is slightly happier than a crushed puppy.In closing , let me just summarize
 The return for the time invested in reading this book was a big nothing - I regret picking it up . One of those books you keep hoping the author will pull together and deliver an `` ah ha '' moment - she did n't . The book simply goes no where .
 i understand where she was coming from and each of the characters problems . i 'm only in eighth grade , but i know that this is real life and how people react to different things . however , the characters did n't do anything about their problems . Carson McCullers must have been dumped or something when she wrote this book because it 's very depressing . the thing i do n't understand is why people would want to read about real life when we already live it . we all know what life is like so what is the point of this book ? it took me so long just to read a chapter . i did n't get into it at all . the book just makes you want to commit suicide or something . the only reason i read it was to get a good grade . well , at least i get $ 10 for getting an A in my stupid english class . u know how they say , `` never judge a book by it 's cover , '' well this book is a way more boring than the cover , take my word for it .
 I thought it was going to be better .
 ... because then you can throw up on it , and you wo n't care that you have ruined the book ! THIS BOOK IS HORRIBLE !
 never received it , or response to e mail - or a call from amazon . bad all the way around .
 What was Oprah thinking recommending this . The story is just as depressing as the picture of the author on the cover . I did not enjoy this at all .
 It 's old communist propaganda . It did n't have any deep insight into anyone or anything . At the end we 're supposed to feel something for the drama of a teenager who wanted to be a composer losing this nonexistent-never would have happened under the best scenerios `` chance , '' and rather deadening creatively , because she had to go to work at a store.I mean what ? We 're supposed to feel like we 're losing great composers because some teen emotionally wants to be one ? The ole `` If * I * feel it than it must be a * big deal . * I ca n't stand this old communist propaganda . A great it is not . A classic it is not.You 're supposed to find a deaf male especially `` haunting . '' He is presented to us as this rather `` poetic '' and `` surreal '' deaf mute surrounded by stray people . He is n't . I was bored stiff.One of the strays is a doctor . His children are a bunch of scum that only communism could have saved . The `` injustice of it all '' theme . One goes on to being horribly mutilated and tortured in a prison . And he was lucky , because as we all know communists in power would have sent him to a death camp in Siberia . He 'd have been one of those 40 million people along with the authoress , the wannabe composer , the deaf mute , the doctor etc.Who is kidding who here trying to present this old communist book as anything other than what it is ?
 This book is lacking some vital essence . Maybe that was the author 's point . I do n't go into a book with the expectation that I will bond with the characters , but I do need a reason to finish reading it . -LRB- In this case , the reason was pure , dogged cussedness on my part . -RRB- While MuCullers gives us page after page of rich detail about her characters ' thoughts , lives , and surroundings , she never pulls back to let us see the big picture of why we should care . Just about anything by Steinbeck is better than this book .
 I do n't understand how readers actually like this depressing , dark , dismal book . I just could n't finish it . I got to page 90 and could n't go back to it . The first book ever , that I could n't finish . I did n't want to finish it !!!! It bored me to tears . I felt nothing for the characters . I felt nothing for the plot . It 's a waste of money and reading time . I just feel for all those HS kids who are required to read it for English class . Avoid it if you can !!!! And try to reason with your English teacher ...
 I really ca n't see why this is considered to be a classic . The characters do n't grow , they do n't chance for good or bad . They never get outside themselves , and nothing ever happens . Can someone explain the point of all this to me ?
 I love to read as much as any other bookworm , and normally I force myself to go all the way to the end . This was one of those books I had to put down . And being that it 's deemed ` classic ' and ` brilliant ' made me feel somewhat dumb at first when I dropped it , but after I thought about it , I do n't think that putting it down was a ` dumb ' thing to do . It was so boring , I 'd rather watch bread mold . Nothing happened , the characters were bland , and I found myself looking at the page numbers , making sure I read my twenty pages a night before bed . After putting this down , I cleansed my palette with Margaret Atwood -LRB- also brilliant , but with good , interesting storylines and characters -RRB- . I do n't think I 'll be picking up another McCullers book . Who cares if a twenty-three year old wrote it ? Does it make it ` genius ' ? Christopher Paolini wrote Eragon at fifteen , and that was -LSB- ... -RSB- , yet he 's also being lauded as a ` wunderkid ' , but that 's a story for another day . This book would have been genius if it had a point , but I did n't think it did .
 This book was slow and painful from beginning to end . The only reason I stuck with it was to see how everything tied together in the end . Very disappointed with the ending , but a relief to finally finish .
 I understand where all the people who LOVE the book are coming from because YES u are older and are able to understand it more where im in high school reading it for summer reading ... which i think is stupid in the first place ... but i mean ill be so bored and have nothing to do and ill bring out the book and start reading . i 'll get half a page read and put it down cause it bores me even more ! i , personally dont like it , but i respect the fact that some of u do and i wish i could enjoy the book but i cant ... its NOT for me ! i guess ill just watch the movie so i can understand it a little atleast .
 I chose this book because it had the Oprah 's Book Club seal on the cover . I 'm an avid reader who will give any book a shot - at least the first 100 + pages . I read about 120 pages and threw the book away . I have never in my 42 years done such a thing . In a word -- BORING . I was not captivated with any of the characters , even the main character . I gave this book a fair shot and it failed .
 Do n't believe Amazon when they say you can have overnight shipping . MY daughter could not find a book for school , so I ordered it from Amazon.com . I paid more for shipping two copies of the book , so I could read it too , than I did on the two books . We are at 1 week past the day I ordered the books and they still have not shown up . My daughter has since driven 25 miles away to another bookstore , purchased the book and finished it . Two days I ago , I put in a request to stop the shipping and was told it was too late . This is ridiculous !
 I just received my book in new condition . I opened the book to find that the first page is page 25 ! WTH !
 I thought it was very boring . We had to read this for our english class and our teacher kept saying how great this book was but i didnt like it at all . I thought it was the worst book i ever read . It doesnt deserve any stars
 Much has been written about the literary merits of this book-a few points .1 . Of all the recognized classics I 've read , easily over 100 , this one ranked the lowest-with Ironweed a close second .2 . The book is marketed with McCuller 's homely mug on the cover and the premise that `` a white girl in her early twenties wrote the book in the 1940s in the American South ; it was her first novel . '' That a classic does not make-if this same novel had been written in the last ten years , it would be considered sophomoric , second rate , high school literature with contrived , stereotypical characterization . -LRB- Hemingway described this book as `` phony '' over fifty years ago . -RRB- 3 . A painfully slow , patronizing read . By the time I reached the last sentence in part two , the climax of the book , I was relieved that something of significance had finally happened .4 . There are two great passages in the book-the first is Doc Copeland 's thoughts about raising his children , expectations versus reality , and Jake Blounts thoughts about `` those who know and those who do n't know . '' Unfortunately , most of the rest of the book falls flat .5 . Spoiler alert
 The language in this book was wonderful . The writer does have a way with words and imagery . The ending was unsuspected . BUT , not an easy read . It was difficult to finish the book . It felt flat .
 A truly overrated and awful book . Full of over-the-top imagery , cartoon characters , hoary motivations , semi-socialist polemics -LRB- truthfully it is so muddled it is difficult to find the point -RRB- and adolescent heavy breathing on the subjects of sex and fidelity and loyalty . It would be funny if it was n't so earnest.Hemingway summed it up best by calling the book , `` phony . ''
 The book asks many questions , answers few and just refuses to reach any kind of conclusion on anything.It 's standing at # 17 in the Modern Library Top 100 borders on the absurd
 Please take the time to consider what kind of reader you are . I hated this book . It took me at least 6 months to read this because I could not force myself to read it . But that being said I also hate stream of consciousness and now wished that I had looked at some reviews and realized that was what I was getting myself into . I read ` As I Lay Dying ' in High School and hated it too . There is no plot , and no point . I hated it .
 Oprah 's book club has lost a lot of its credibility with this book.This book just seemed to go on and on and on without anything really happening.It babbled on for something like 360 pages to document the following things
 This is the most boring book I have ever read . I kept hoping something would happen and nothing ever did . I only cared about two of the characters out of about 5 featured and I was shocked to find that nothing ever really brought them together . I was n't expecting a John Grisham thriller here , but I did expect to at least enjoy reading the book or even have something to think about after I was finished . By the time the last 20 pages came , I found myself just skimming to get to the end so that I could say I finished it and that my opinion was valid . All I thought about was how many hours I wasted reading it . Sorry , but it was that bad !!!
 My lord , I should have gone with my instincts . I originally thought a book called The Heart is a Lonely Hunter was bound to be a piece of overwrought trash . Then I found out it was one of the best books of the century . What a farce that list is . This woman described a black man 's hair as a `` woolly cap '' . The endless overbearing light-dark motif . Oh , everybody 's so lonely . Every other word is `` lonely '' . Stay away from this book !
 Do n't let anyone talk you into reading this book . It is truly awful . Anyone who tells you there is some deeper meaning to this book is full of blasphemy . I should know . I wrote a 500-word essay on this book for Honors English and it got an A , and it was nothing but a tissue of random guesses on what the author was trying to say . I do n't think anybody knows what the meaning of this book is . They just want to act like they can see something in it that you do n't . Just ignore them and read smomething interesting ! The Heart is a Lonely Hunter is written in a snobby tone that makes you think you are stupid for not understanding it , but it means NOTHING ! This book is nothing but a bunch of random , boring scenes in a bunch of random , boring people 's lives . Avoid it at all costs !
 First of all , I would like to praise Carson McCullers for writing that such poise and character exposition but she labeled Deaf characters wrong . As a deaf invividual , I am a culturally and literally novel reader and a teacher of Deaf studies at a community college . I want to clear about real Deaf people in the United States and their perspectives . First , I want to present myths about deafness and its facts . Here is a lisdt of the following myths and facts below : Myth # 1
 A boring book about lonely people and the things lonely people do -LRB- nothing -RRB- . The photo on the cover of the book is perfect , and sums up the feeling through the entire book .
 This book was very hard to get into . I did n't like the way the story jumped from one character to another . It was like the author 's mind was all over the place when she wrote it . I really did n't understand the point in the story.It took me forever to finish this book , I just had a hard time picking it up again.I eventually did finish it , but was very disappointed in it .
 I decieded to read this book and join in on the hype . This book is not what i had expected . The writing is great and the character detail is great , but i must have missed something . The book bored me and the end ... man , it left me with no deeper look at life .
 I found the storyline too meandering with not enough substance . It was not a gripping page turner . The characters were oddballs and not terribly interesting oddballs at that . I 'm very surprised this was one of Oprah 's picks . It was definitely one of the more tedious choices from Oprah 's list .
 `` The Heart is a Lonely Hunter '' is simply a compilation of character sketches loosely strung together . If you are a student of literary characterization and the methods authors use to bring a character to life , you might enjoy this book . The charcters are indeed animated . However , if you are searching for a book that combines vivid characters with any sort of plot , this book is not for you . By the time I was half-way through the book I was seriously wondering when a coherant plot would develop . One never materialized . This book does not adhere to the standard beginning-middle-end , protagonist-antagonist-plot-resolution formula by which most novels abide.As I was reading this book as a book club assignment , I trudged through to its completion . Now all I wish is that I could recapture the hours of life wasted on its pages .
 I 've read so many of Oprah 's book selections and for the first time - I am truly disappointed.I am unable to finish the novel . It moves slowly , and I catch myself losing focus while reading . Sure , I get the connection with the characters and the writing is pretty good but it is extremely dull and tedious to read . I feel like I 'm back in HS torturing myself to read a book . This is not what reading is supposed to be.After reading these reviews I guess I 'll just read the last page to see what happens.Sorry Oprah !
 Maybe it 's just me , but I thought this book was boring . It introduces several characters plodding along in life , but fails to present a good solid story line for any of them . They basically do nothing with their lives .
 Well , we have a new contender for worst choice for the Modern Library Top 100 of the Century . This dismal book is the story of a flock of Southern losers and misfits in the 1930 's . The characters lead uniformly desperate and joyless lives , depicted in a story unleavened by humor.It 's the sort of book that contributes to the caricature of Southern authors as suicidal drunks.GRADE
 this is one of those books picked by people who still wish they were young . it is a good book for prepubescent or teen-age girls and not for anyone else . there are lots of these floating around , after all this one is over 60 . they should normally quietly fade away , till someone unearths the moldy carcass for it to rise again , and quickly sink into the oblivion from which it came
 I tried reading this book after hearing about all the hoopla on Oprah and was dissapointed . The book started out very interesting when it discussed the two mutes who were roommates and friends and then jumped to several other characters in some sort of boarding house ... I stopped half way and moved on to something else . The book is not worth buying but maybe a good one to pick up at the local library ...
 What a waste of time . I seriously can not figure out how this book was an Oprah book club pick . The characters where unlikeable to me . I did n't relate or sympathize with one of them . I did n't feel that there was a true story with a conclusion or point of any kind . It was down right strange . I forced myself to read it because it was a selection for my book club . I would not recommend it to anyone . If you want a good book w / likeable characters and a moral message , read to Kill A Mockingbird . Now that 's a classic .
 I 've read this book once and I had to force myself not to put it down . This book is like the movie `` It 's A Wonderful Life '' on the fact that it shows how one man influenced other people 's lives . However , in `` It 's A Wonderful Life '' , the world was worse off without Jimmy Stewart , the characters are EXACTLY the same after their `` Jimmy Stewart '' is killed . So , his death had no impact . Doctor Copeland 's constant complaining does not help the story in any way either . I very much recommend you to avoid this boring novel .
 I was also disappointed with this book . I heard Oprah talking about how great it was , and I found it a struggle to read . I was easily distracted when reading this book . Overall , a big disappointment
 This book was required reading in my honors english class . When I first recieved a copy I thought it looked interesting and different . In the beginning I was n't really drawn into the book , like so many other 's I 've read . I read on , thinking it would get better . I was wrong . In fact it just got worse . I could n't relate to the characters . I mean a girl who hears music in her head , a man exploring his femine side , a Deaf-mute , and a man who is half the time drunk and the other half trying to start a revolution . It did have some good parts but not enough to make it worth the read .
 I READ ABOUT A QUARTER OF THIS BOOK AND IT WAS THE MOST STUPIDEST BOOK I HAVE EVER READ!this book has no point , climax , or plot . I WOULDNT RECCOMEND THIS BOOK TO ANYBODY.its a bore and a waste of time .
 if you like books with a real good story line and that flows nicely , do n't read this book . it is strictly about individual characters -LRB- every chapter = 1 out of 5 characters -RRB- and no story . i was on page 120 and there was still no storyline and i would find myself wondering why i was still reading it . if i ca n't discribe the book i am reading to anyone else than it is n't worth reading . i will admit i did n't finish it but instead skimmed the last part of the book . i really tried to finish it but could n't . the only good thing was the why she described things ... you could really get a great mental picture of the characters and places . overall , do n't read this book if you like great dramas or great stories ... it wo n't get you anywhere !!!
 I 'm afraid I 'll have to agree with the reader from Grants Pass , OR , who wrote in her/his review , `` life is too short and the world is too full of good reads to spend time with this one . '' I want a book that lifts me up rather than brings me down . For others who feel like I do , I recommend another book I got from Amazon , `` People of Passion '' by Carl Mays . It is also about people from the South -LRB- Appalachia -RRB- who had it bad , but they found meaning and purpose in life and had the faith and determination to rise above their circumstances . There is no doubt that Carson McCullers is a talent , it 's just that I was depressed by the way she used it with the characters and their decisions in their situations . Unlike , some of the reviewers , I did finish the book , but not with pleasure or satisfaction .
 I wish I would have read these reviews before I picked up the book at the local booksellers . I kept waiting for something good to happen , but alas ... it never got to the level I expected . : -LRB-
 I coud n't stop thinking while I was reading this , I could n't stand more than a hundred pages , that it was a brilliant work for a very sensitive , depressed , lonely , highly intelligenttwenty something writer . Who was n't made like other folks , and for many artists that 's a necessary evil . I havent ' read anything else by her , and I do n't think I will , I have a feeling life does n't get better in the works of Carson McCuller and that 's too bad.The writing is much better than OK , but , this work is amateurish in structure . There is no impelling story of any kind , just a wearing down , gets to be boring , pastiche of miserable and semi-miserable characters going nowhere except into a future of deepening misery and despair.Yes there are pleanty of folks like that but nothing redeems them here.McCullers is a southern grotesque who lacks the vitality of Flannery O'Connor and the enduring humanity and brilliance of William Faulkner .
 excitement that I felt like a zombie reading it . I struggled mercifully to finish it , and when I did I was n't at all satisfied . The book is incredibly boring , and is NO CLASSIC ! I think that this book has its moments but other than that it is horrible . I was forced to read this by my English teacher . How cruel !!!
 `` When one puts -LSB- this book -RSB- down , it is with ... a feeling of having been nourished by the truth . '' When I put this book down , I just kept asking myself what made me pick it up to begin with .
 This book is so boring there is no action no feeling it is about boring everyday people in a boring everyday town doing the same thing Ya da ya daya da ! I fall asleep everytime i read it ! oh bye the way are there cliff notes for this book ?
 This may have been the worst book I ever read . The plot went nowhere , the characters were flat , and the style was childish . Deserves 0 stars
 I think that this is one of the worst books that I have ever read . The characters are very poorly developed , and one does not get to know or love them at all . Also , this novel has no concrete plot . Rather , it is the story of each character 's life and experiences , some of which add nothing to the novel at all . I had to read this book for school , and I found it depressing , boring , and worthless . I believe that this novel is a major waste of money and time , and I would never recommend it to anyone .
 CharactersThe book follows 5 different characters , John Singer -LRB- a deaf-mute -RRB- , Biff Brannon -LRB- a restaurant owner -RRB- , Mick Kelly -LRB- a young girl -RRB- , Jake Blount -LRB- a drunk -RRB- and Benedict Mady Copeland -LRB- a doctor -RRB- . The book somewhat revolves around Singer who in most cases serves as nothing more than a central hub for the other characters to interact with . The other characters are all off living their separate lives , rarely interacting with each other , but they all come to confide in Singer , who they all think of as a very intelligent person who understands their viewpoints . Singer in reality is a fairly simple man who wants nothing more than to see his friend Spiros Antonapoulos who goes insane and is taken to an asylum/hospital early in the book . As for the other characters , Biff is a man who simply takes life as it comes , and he tends to focus more on the past than anything currently going on , he is a very stoic character , and was very annoying to read . Mick is the only optimistic character of the group in the book , and while her sections were probably the easiest to get through , she also does n't change in her personality very much . Jake is a person who believes that he has a great overall truth and in trying to express his truth moves from town to town . And Copeland is a black doctor who is working to improve living conditions for blacks in the South.SettingThe book is set in a small town in the Southeastern U.S. Although I do n't believe we are ever told the name of the town in the book , it really is n't important to the story.PlotThis is where I think the book falls flat , there really is n't much of an overall plot to this book . Essentially we are shown a group of people who all are struggling to get through life 's ups and downs , but that 's all that this really is , a snapshot of life in the southern U.S. in the late 1930 's . I did n't really get much character growth throughout the story , but each person just goes about their life , dealing with the obstacles that come up.EnjoymentParts of this book were interesting , and parts were absolutely horrid to me . Although the book somewhat centers on Singer , I actually do n't know what purpose he served in the book other than a way for the author to get the characters to talk to him so that we can hear their thoughts while in a conversational form rather than just them thinking about it . It also seems that several of the characters were in the book simply to talk about the evils of fascism and how a more Marxist ideal of socialism and everybody getting what they need are better than the current system . There were several times when I became irritated with the book and probably would have put it down if I had n't been reading it for my class.The book also suffers from some questionable editing to me , for example , I quickly got sick of reading about a character who `` lighted up a cigarette . '' If it 's within someone 's dialect , sure say ` lighted , ' but if it 's in the narrative , please say ` lit . ' There was also a huge difference between the speech of Copeland and his daughter Portia . Copeland 's speech is almost too perfect for everyday use , whereas Portia 's speech is shown to be a very southern dialect . This difference between them irritated me greatly.Overall GradeThe book was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be based upon the first third of the book , but it was n't all that great either . I read books for an escape from everyday life , not to see how a group of characters that I never identified with get through everyday life .4 / 10
 Overrated . Just god awful , ca n't stand it . Ok , I know that is n't really helpful , but I have a feeling that this is one of those books that everyone claims to enjoy becuase they do n't want to be accused of `` not getting it . '' The characters were really difficult to care about , and the writing was just blah . Truly overrated -LRB- like most Oprah books -RRB- .
 Maybe I 'm just not a fan of the Southern Gothic genre to which this novel belongs , but man oh man , did I not `` get '' this book . I found it horribly tortuous and plodding in its pace , and felt that it all ultimately amounted to nothing special or remarkable at all . I had to force myself to finish it , and was always loathe to pick it up . I never felt invested in the characters or engaged in any of their stories , and the whole thing just left me feeling hollow inside . At times I would find particular storylines intriguing , but because of the way in which the story is told , all too soon I 'd be tracking someone else 's tale , and just as it got interesting , you 'd have to switch gears and follow someone else 's journey . Lather , rinse , repeat . None of the stories wind up being very meaty and left me incredibly hungry.Not sure why this book is a classic or why it has received so much praise . Yes , people in very different walks of life and situations can be lonely , and loneliness can even bring people together and provide a common comfort . It 's not that the message there is trite , it 's just that the delivery was really not spectacular or moving at all . I could n't help drawing parallels to `` To Kill a Mocking Bird '' the entire time I was reading this , and while I do n't love that book either , I think you 'd probably be better served reading it than this .
 This book covers the gist of the subject matter and in a conservative way , yet asks the reader to do far more than is really necessary , so I would recommend one that covers so much more . The book I recommend educated and moved meYOUR GUIDE FOR DEFENDING THE BIBLE Self-Education of the Bible Made EasyYOUR GUIDE FOR DEFENDING THE BIBLE HAS IT ALL : * A Preface and Introduction * A section on Biblical Hermeneutics , with 11 chapters * A section on Inductive Bible Study , with 7 chapters * A section on a Book Study Program , with 4 chapters * A Section on Bible Difficulties , with 6 chapters * A section on Basics of Textual Criticism , with 4 chapters * A section on Basics of Bible Translation , with 4 chapters * A Section on Understanding Our Imperfections , with 6 chapters
 If you have nothing else to do 24/7 , you can read this.Too much unnecessary work.Surely there is an easier way to study the Bible !
 I could n't finish this book . It just had nothing of value for me since I 'm not rich , and I do n't have any `` money issues '' such that this book could be of help to me . I sensed the author has some political views which differ from mine , and do n't have any place in a `` self-help '' book like this .
 The book talks endlessly about the `` problems '' of spoiled Si Valley types who basically have millions of $ , but no soul . Most of the examples tell of people who have second and even third homes , income into 6 figures , and a net worth into 7 figures . I had to chuckle when the author writes about her kid 's cars on pg 19 , `` Both bought their cars outright with their own earned money , not by tapping the assets that have been gifted to them . '' Excuse me , -- Gifted to them -- what planet is this lady from ? Obviously this is a book for the Si Valley power bunch , not for the average Joe who has never been `` gifted '' a darn thing.The inside front cover flap of the book says , '' . . The first money book built on the idea that you need to understand what money means to you before you drive yourself crazy trying to get it ... '' I guess they never saw the Dominguez classic _ Your_Money_or_Your_Life . Domenguez uses the concept of `` life energy '' and does a much better job.The book uses too many words to explain simple concepts . The book could have been half as many pages , if not 1/4 as many . For example , on page 180 , the author talks about her bike with the gel saddle sitting the the garage , and how her husband wants to go on a long ride for this birthday . -- Who Cares , and what does this add to the book 's message?Over and over again , I see the theme of `` Women good , men bad . '' More often than not , the Women are the heros and men are the dorks . For example , in the story of the liquor store owners , the wife saved the day -- this is a recurring theme with many other examples.I laughed out loud when I got to Pg 43 , `` In 1999 , talk about explicit sexual practives became a formal part of the Congressional Record via the Starr investigation . '' -- Excuse me , why not call it the Clinton Investigation , or even the Clinton Impeachment Process?In the Power and Money section , she writes , '' . . it 's more effective to run for elective office with your own money - as -LSB- did -RSB- presidential candidate Steve Forbes . '' Hmmm , I have no idea how this author measures effectiveness . How was Forbes more effective than the others ? Did Steve Forbes win ? Does anyone even remember that Steve Forbes ran?One other chuckle I had reading this book was about the guy who said it was more difficult to come out as `` a millionaire '' than to come out as `` gay . '' Well , buddy , you can always give up all that cash and then you can come out as `` average , '' or even `` poor '' if you like . Life ai n't that bad , and your rich man 's problem is so easily solved.I did not see the point of this book at all . I do n't expect many copies of this book to sell .
 I waited a very long time to receive this book , because i was being lazy and did not want to write a training manual and an overview for my engineers about WiMax , so i looked around and was initially impressed by the title of the book and bought this book and wimax operators manual as a pair from Amazon , that was the worst purchase of December 2005 . It was very clear that the author did not really know much about WiMax or the vendors would not let him break their NDAs , even so he could have gone the WiMax 802.16 standards direction instead , i read the book yawning all the way through and concluded that this was possibly ment for those new to WiFi only . I beleive that i could write a much more informative , technical and satifying WiMax book which can take the reader from WiF to WiMax , 3G and detail the planning , radio coverage and capacity planning and provide evaluation for the backbone network as a compklete package . Reading both books i felt cheated out of my money , as i was expecting a brain massage and got irretation instead , i am afraid i will not be recommending these books to anyone , as i felt it did not cover 802.16 or 20 but covered some instances of WiFi .
 This is a book only for a chemist . It has nothing except the chemical makeups .
 I must congratulate Mr. Klare on a clever title to snare the unsuspecting reader to his words . He certainly lured me to read the book . I thought I was going to read a hard hitting expose about the problems with oil and empire , sadly this book does n't even come close.My biggest problem with this book is the fact that Mr. Klare 's biggest problem with the use of military force to obtain economic goals -LRB- oil production in this case -RRB- is not that it is ethically and morally wrong -LRB- not to mention the anti-thesis of what our illustrious president keeps referring to as `` freedom '' -RRB- . No , Mr. Klare 's biggest problem with it is that we can not `` afford '' to do this . As if the human suffering and tragedy that armed conflict causes can somehow be charted with numbers on a graph . Mr. Klare comes across like an economics professor who can not grasp nor understand that there is more to life than just money . Real people with real families that care about them are being killed or maimed for this conquest.If that is n't enough for you , Mr. Klare has major factual errors and omissions in his `` tour de force '' . The biggest error that appears in his book is when Mr. Klare makes the pronouncement that in 2001 , Saddam 's military forces were depleted , but still strong and presented a real threat to the region . This is complete rubbish . Iraq had no air force or navy . The army had at most 35,000 troops -LRB- that is more than what Syria has . That 's right , Syria could have beaten Iraq in a war -RRB- . He fails to mention the meeting that took place between the Taliban and Unical in Houston shortly before 2001 in which Unical wanted to build an oil pipeline through Afghanistan . The Taliban basically told them to take a hike . Of course `` coincidentally '' , Afghanistan was invaded and the Taliban was overthrown and replaced with a president that was a consultant for Unical . Now of course the pipeline is being built as we speak . This is of course useful information that does not appear in Mr. Klare 's book.I could give several more examples of falsehoods and omissions , but space does not permit that . In Mr. Klare 's defense , he must tow the `` party line '' if he wants his book to be published . He places himself in a safe position of criticizing `` foreign dependence '' without really criticizing or analyzing the morality of using force to obtain goals . That is the bigger question that needs to be asked and answered . Unfortunately , this book does n't even come close . But , that is what is to be expected from modern journalism and non fiction today . You should not expect any real investigative reporting or hard hitting analysis . All that you can expect is the constant repetition of US Government propaganda and modern cliches .
 Background : I am a graduate student of energy economics and international business in one of the most important oil cities in the world . I have devoted the past four years to understand energy at all levels of society , especially in developing economies . If you do n't want to read the entire review , skip to the end for the conclusions.My review : Mr. Klare tries very hard to paint a malodorous picture of America 's dependence on oil by implying that through war and terrorism American oil policy costs lives . No data is given about how many lives were lost as a result of oil-related conflicts . This leaves the reader to wonder just how many lives are lost relative to other causes of death such as ` infectious diseases ' or ` genocide . ` My largest complaint about the book is that the author only devotes two paragraphs to economic opportunity cost -LRB- p. 11 , and 24-25 -RRB- . I feel that the author would have made a much more compelling argument by actually adding up the transfers U.S. of wealth , U.S. military costs , and the costs of U.S. aid to nations that we only deal with because they have oil . This would help illustrate his argument that the real cost of oil makes us realize that we are making unsound economic choices . However , money is n't blood , and the author is after blood -LRB- especially the blood of `` Vice-President Cheney and his cronies . -LRB- p. 198 -RRB- '' -RRB- He attempts to indict the Bush Administration for getting into bed with unsavory politicians for the sake of securing oil . However , given his own history that charts oil dependence from FDR to GWB one is hard pressed to see how the result could have been any other way . He also does very little to criticize the Clinton Administration , who had 8 years to address our energy issues but willfully choose to ignore them.The author tries very hard to incriminate the Bush administration for failing in the specter of Foreign Policy by not advocating consumption , yet his arguments are incomplete . The author does nothing to address the social , economic , or environmental virtues of conservation . Perhaps he does so because scholars agree that increased efficiency without viable alternative sources of energy results in increased consumption , thus rendering his `` fork in the road '' really a circuitous route to the same end -LRB- Simil 2003 p. 320 -RRB- . The author then resorts to ad-hominem attacks on those who crafted the policy . He even picked up on the same trick that Paul Roberts uses
 This book COULD have been really great ... but Klare feels the need to repeat and reemphasize something you just read in the last 4 chapters AGAIN . YES , it had some good information ... but the absolute monotony and repetion detracted from the book , and I actually wanted to learn more than three or four main ideas that could have been summarized in ten pages or less ... one of the biggest wastes of time in my entire life .
 This book should come with a warning label
 Well , this is another `` shocking '' book intented to make you feel alarmed and shocked . The kind of book Michael Moore would be proud to write.In order for you do not waste your time reading this boring , tedious and really , REALLY repetitive book , there goes a short summary of the whole thing :1 -RRB- America needs more oil . All the world needs more oil ; 2 -RRB- America is producing less oil .3 -RRB- America will need to import more oil .4 -RRB- The world top producers do n't have the resources -LRB- technology and investments -RRB- to increase their production .5 -RRB- So , everything will go to hell and a global war will happen.That 's it . You 've already read the whole book.Vou 're welcome .
 I was very disappointed with this book.The first 185 pages of this book can be summed up in one sentence
 Teachers if you are considering this book STAY AWAY , students if you have been forced to read this book I feel sorry for you . Would give the book ZERO stars if I could.Now starts the review . I was forced to used the 7th edition of this book for my international management class and was completely dissatisfied with the entire experience.The one pro : The information the was congruent was useful and helpfulCons : Note
 Purchased Book thinking it was the U.S. version of the book , but received the International version -LRB- `` NOT to be used in the U.S. '' according to the cover of the book -RRB- . To date , the book mirrors the U.S. version exactly page for page , question for question . My only comment would be that the book is biased towards a U.S. view . I thought this was quite strange for an `` International '' management book and the `` International '' version no less . Some sections and stories appear to speak more negatively about other counties and paints the United States in a more positive light . It was my assumption that a book dealing with International subjects would be more objective and state the factual differences and similarities to managing in other countries and cultural differences .
 I DO NOT RECEIVED THIS ITEM . But even worst , Amazon did not sent me an e-mail to let me know that you canceled my order . I just called my credit card company and they tell me about the cancelation I was in a hurry to received this item . This situation make me doubt about your service.It 's a shame
 I had a very frustrating and annoying experienced with this seller . He is rude , inconsiderate and unprofessional . I did not receive my order and suddenly this seller disappeared into thin air without acknowledging my complaints nor processed my refund . He claimed that he sent my order after three business days - so I placed my order Thursday , he claimed that he dropped the item to USPS the following Wednesday -LRB- he did not care , he got my payment in his bank account anyway -RRB- That is 6 days waiting period including Sat & Sunday and additional 15 business days to submit a claim for not receiving the item.I placed several orders online on the same day and most of them were received Saturday or Monday -LRB- 2-3 business days -RRB- except the item I ordered from this seller which was still sitting at his end as he claimed that he has 3-day allowance for shipping . He is bad news for business as he did not care the inconvenience and aggravation he caused by his actions , it 's like throwing away your hard earned money when you do business with him .
 This collection of short stories consist of a few intersting stories , however the majority of the stories were cluttered with over excessive drama , over worked imagery , aand repettion . A lot of her characters were reepresented in all of the stories , it was like yyou heard the voice of her characters in all her pieces . Not only were her characters over used but also her themes . A lot of her themes were focused on relationships between men and women and sex . Overall this book was a horrible extension of House On Mango Street .
 this book is very confusing . do n't bother reading it
 You will like this book ... IF you watch Lifetime television.IF you consider yourself `` socially conscious '' and are interested in the `` chicana '' cause.IF you read books on `` the female experience `` IF you have worn or do wear birkenstock sandals with socks.You will not like this book ... IF you enjoy fine literature.IF you have read and enjoyed anything by Nabokov or Joyce.IF you have already suffered through House on Mango Street.IF you do n't enjoy encountering paragraphs like the following ... `` Except it 's not me who I want to kill . When the gravity of the planets is just right , it all tilts and upsets the visible balance . And that 's when it wants to out from my eyes . That 's when I get on the telephone , dangerous as a terrorist . There 's nothing to do but let it come . '' -LRB- Cisneros , Woman Hollering Creek p. 83 -RRB- I apologize if this offends any Cisneros fans , however , I must risk being impolite in order to save people the discomfort of reading this book .
 I was very disappointed in this book -- it 's one of the few I 've bought from Amazon based on reviews alone . Compared to herbal/nutrition books like The Green Pharmacy , Scientific Validation of Medicinal Herbs , and energy work/body work books like Touch for Health , I found this a mish-mash of information.I did not like the way in which the references -LRB- where there were any -RRB- to research were handled , the indexing is poor and information is hard to find , and the illustrations are extraordinarily ugly and amateurish.I 'm very interested in muscle testing , so I 'll look further .
 It 's no accident that this novel ranks 1.5 millionth on Amazon in sales . It offers the reader nothing but relentless cruelty , hatred , depression , loveless relationships , one-dimensional characters , and repetitious writing . And in the middle of this book is an anti-French rant that asserts the French are inherently hypocritical because that is part of their culture and makes them civil , whereas Russian culture is more honest because it is directly crude , boorish , and spontaneous in its hypocrisy and stupidities . The matriach of this family is a greedy obsessed woman who gives nothing to her husband or children except reprimands for what she suspects them of doing , which is undermining her and stealing from her . She also expresses little regret at their deaths which she in no small measure has caused . Her husband is a bitter sickly man who never gets out of bed , and we learn precious little more about him . Her children are mere products of this loveless relationship except one , who is a greedy , conniving , religious hypocrite who manipulates his beliefs and words to take possession of everyone else 's properties , including his mother 's . He earns the name `` bloodsucker , '' which is uttered into his purposely deaf ears again and again . In short , there is nothing redeeming in this novel , nothing that recommends it . The whole mixture can also be boiled under a flame and be reduced from over 300 pages to a third of that without missing a thing . If Chekov had written about this family , he would have produced a short story that might have had a point , but as this stands , I would stay very very far away from this work , unless you are a masochist who enjoys getting depressed .
 I ordered a hard back and received a paperback
 I grew up listening to and loving the two poetry Winnie the Pooh books . If like me , you love this poetry , DO NOT purchase these tapes ! After listening to the first 15 minutes of one tape and skimming other poems in the hopes that Kuralt suddenly gained inspiration , the tapes have remained in the box unlistened to . I have tried to give them to other teachers , only to have them returned to me . Charles Kuralt is absolutely the WRONG person to read this wonderful poetry . His dry , boring , monotonous voice made me want to cry , terrified that his reading would turn kids off to Milne 's incredibly beautiful and funny poetry .
 What a horrible experience with this seller . The book arrived twenty-four days after it was ordered , wrapped in a manilla envelope with no padding/protection , and damaged . I alerted the seller of my displeasure and was informed I would receive a refund . To date , it has been sixteen days and no refund has been received . My recommendation
 This collection of essays and speeches from the late 70 's and early 80 's features many of the themes that Clarke is commonly associated with
 I was given this book as a gift . My first concern was that the authors frequently use sanscrit terminology yet fail to include a glossary . There is nothing about the authors and why I might care about their journey . Then reading the text for `` Day 1 '' they end the day 's observations by saying that I should `` allow this book to awaken you -LSB- me -RSB- , to be a light that shines in the darkness , guiding me through my days and guiding me home '' . I do n't detect any humility but there does seem to be an unhealthy amount of ego which immediately worries me about the validity of anything else in here . I continue reading , trying to find what other 's have found of value but I 'm at a loss . The best thing I can say is that it could be an introduction to East Indian -LRB- Yogic -RRB- philosophy for people who know the terms from Yoga class . If you do n't know the terms , this book will annoy you -LRB- again , lack of glossary -RRB- and if you already understand eastern philosophy , you wo n't find anything you have n't already heard .
 I was disappointed in this book . It does n't awaken my spiritual side . The inserts are too long to read to my yoga classes . It is not extremely informative . Lacking substance . I do n't believe it stays true to the essence of yoga . Keep searching . Do not settle for this product . Namaste .
 I know nothing of the book because I could not get that far . My copy was clearly a photocopied hunk of junk in a badly bound hard binding . There were multiple photocopy stray marks throughout the book -LRB- random blobs like you get with a photocopier -RRB- . There was at least one page where the type was wavy like what happens when you photocopy something that is not totally flat . The margins were too big so it looks more like a photocopy of the actual book . The binding itself was actually uneven . The page that tells you who published it and when said 1944 , and did not mention a more recent printing which indicates to me that it is possibly a pirate even . It is total crap . I had to send mine back .
 This is a cobbled-together story made up of various accounts of events by the participants , with little to recommend it , IMHO .
 I initially purchased this book because I was looking for a kind of guide to using Chinese Exercise Balls 101 . Aside from the occasional typo found in the book Ab Williams writes a rather amateurish introduction to Chinese medicine beginning with Taoism , Yin & Yang , the various meridians found along the physiological plain and concludes with a short blurb about use of and benefits of the exercise balls . The last third of the book is devoted to pushing various authors titles in all things eastern medicine oriented . You could probably find a more detailed book for less money at a used book shop but for my purposes I gave this particular title two stars .
 God save the Queen and Sharpe , the English Rambo
 -LSB- ... -RSB- . the author 's rules are , indeed , entirely arbitrary.simply performing a mental utterance of many of his `` proper '' pronunciations affected me as strongly as a fingernail on a blackboard.i take particular exception to his endorsement of the mutilation of the many japanese words that have found their way into our vocabulary.for the most part , our alphabet is capable of approximating japanese words . as in spanish borrowed words , where one should n't be expected to trill the `` r '' , -LRB- i loved the reference to the saturday night live sketch with jimmy smits ! -RRB- the pronunciation can be anglicized , but i do n't understand his endorsement -- and sometimes origination -- of whimsically swapping out entire syllables.i can guess what he considers to be the correct pronunciations of `` tokyo '' and `` kyoto '' . but i assure you , each of these words have TWO syllables -- not THREE , not FIVE.additionally , -LRB- and i may be in a minority here -RRB- i 'm bothered by his overweening love of the schwa , with which he replaces almost every instance of a short vowel in an unstressed syllable , thus endorsing an inarticulate mush-mouthed uh-mur-uh-cun-uh-zay-shun of the language and his erratic syllable division greatly reduces the already shrinking list of words which have etymologically sound pronunciations .
 Ill-informed snobs like Elster give prescriptivism a bad name.One can legitimately adopt a prescriptive -LRB- = this is proper , thus correct -RRB- rather than a descriptive -LRB- = this is popular , thus correct , or at least not incorrect -RRB- position . I tend to do so myself , despite the propaganda from my linguistic background that foolishly denies the existence of `` good '' and `` bad '' usage.The prescriptivist , however , must defend his position if he expects to be taken seriously . Elster shirks this responsibility . Most of his entries simply present his own favourite pronunciations and label others `` beastly '' without offering any defence beyond his bald assertions and occasionally a citation of one or another dictionary -- whichever dictionary happens to support his preference . Our self-styled orthopist does n't wave the banner of tradition , etymology , modernity , simplicity , logic , consistency , sthetics , convenience , or any other criterion by which one might evaluate a pronunciation ; we 're left to wonder how he arrived at his conclusions about what is and is not `` beastly '' , and why we should accept his judgement.Orthopy is not based on dogmatic assertions and selective references to old dictionaries . Any reader who values careful , correct , intelligent use of the language will deem the author of this book a laughing-stock .
 CH Elster is simply out of his mind . His book of prescriptive rules on pronunciation are idiosyncratic , inconsistent , and apallingly ill-informed when it comes to regional American dialects , the development of the English language , the effect of other languages upon upon American English . One reads this book pop-eyed , unbelieving that anyone , no matter his degrees , could pull off a patent stunt like this . He combines marketing savvy , a mass of chutzpah , and an ego larger than this planet to perpetrate a fraud upon those insecure about their pronunciation . He should be ashamed of himself . So should his publisher .
 A friend gave me a copy of this book -- and at first I was delighted . However , it made me more and more uneasy . What difference does it make if we pronounce things differently -- even incorrectly -- if the people around us understand us ? So we do n't appear stupid ? So we can appear to be elite ? Where I live , I often have to listen closely and patiently to understand immigrants ' English . It seems silly to worry about trivial differences under these circumstances.Walking through downtown Pasadena today , I heard two girls talking
 If you 've been looking for a book that will teach you to be a complete drag about pronunciation , look no further . Elster 's extremely prescriptivist point of view is very straightforward
 This book is really bad . The first part of the book provides a one page summary of each of the 25 Goddesses and these summaries are filled with misinformation and even contradictions . In the Bastet section she claims that Bastet is a moon goddesses associated with the `` moon goddess '' Hathor . Both of these goddesses are sun goddesses -- a fact that the author brings up in the Hathor section when she talks about Hathors headress -- a sun disc between cow horns . In the Diana section she says that Diana is shown with cats which she claims are associated with the moon . In mythology cats are associated with the sun and dogs with the moon . And in fact Diana is shown with hounds not cats . I could provide more examples of the misinformation but I think you get the point.As for the rituals -- they are n't really rituals but spells and pretty bad ones at that . Her `` ritual '' for sexual love involves bathing , scenting your skin and dancing with your partner in a candle lit room -- that 's it ! Not much of a ritual or a spell . And all the spells are like this -- short , overly simple , boring and unfocused . Two of the sealed spells are unethical -- a spell to attract a specific lover and another to get revenge on a lover who has hurt you . A lot of the illustrations in the first section are nice . One of them was pretty inappropriate -- In Lakshimi 's summary there is a full page picture -- not of Lakshmi -- of Her husband Vishnu -- strange.This book really is just awful -- do n't waste your money . The subtitle reads `` Invoke the Powers of the Goddesses to Improve your Life '' -- this book just does n't deliver what it promises . There is no power invoked by the `` rituals '' in this book .
 This book was so boring ! It was all he said they said . Come on the guy 's dead we do n't have to keep hidden information about his warcrimes anymore , he 's never going to be in a courtroom . I wanted to read about the stuff that pops into your head when you say the name MENGELE ! show people that there really are monsters in the world .
 WHERE WAS JOSEF MENGELE IN 1962 ? There is a serious gap in Posner 's research which leads me to question his reasons for writing this biography . Despite having access to an enormous CIA file on Mengele , Posner fails to document the period when Mengele was supposedly hiding out with the Stammer couple in Brazil.Gerald Posner is the much-publicized author of several other cover-up books on the Kennedy and King assassinations . His research methods and commitment to truthfulness are often questioned.The same sloppiness is evident in his writing on Mengele . Posner uses quotes from Mengele 's diary until 1962 and then skips to 1969 . He quotes from some undated letters to his son which must have been written in the mid-to-late sixties because in them Mengele comments on Rolf 's studies at university . Nowhere in this biography is there evidence that Mengele wrote anything from Brazil in the period 1962-69 . The sixities were a tricky period for Mengele
 Boring ... It got exiting ; that it was ok and than it was boring ... Looks like an author had much more information about after war activities of Mengele than during war . The part that made him `` famous '' which are his war crimes and actions are discussed very shallowly and do n't really provide any insights . His post war years are just dry relations during which it 's hard to stay awake . In my opinion author was trying to satisfy general public with being politically correct and glorifying Israel , the US and Russia while presenting Mengele as a retarded , corrupted and crazy woman chaser . Even if those descriptions might be true Mr. Posner could have done much better job in proving his arguments . But I guess two things happened
 Was hard to stay interested in this book . I found it very boring to read .
 This book is mostly about Mengele 's personal life and his life on the run . Thankfully , it only spends one chapter on his time at Auschwitz . The most valuable part of this book is where the authors discuss the media circus that started up around Mengele , which continued even after his death . Simon Wiesenthal is a businessman who seeked to profit from the hunt for Mengele . The chapter which discusses Auschwitz includes some information from the controversial and mysterious `` Miklos Nyiszli '' whose existence is doubtful . The book 's one strong point is that it dispels the myths about Mengele the extremely dangerous comic-book character with superhuman powers of escape and evasion . It gives a more realistic portrayal of Mengele as a very capable and skilled doctor with some personality flaws , growing into a lonely , depressed old man . Mengele 's evasion was the result of being highly alert , having dependable friends , and sheer luck . This book can not be taken as historical literature because of the non-objective point of view it is written from , and it can not be taken as a biography because of its GLARING OMISSIONS from a period of Mengele 's life in the 1960 's , so it can only be categorized as `` Holocaust Literature , '' and it comes with all of the usual bias and slant .
 This experience was disappointing The book is `` OK ... '' but not much more than a comic book , some photos were ` vague ' and it cost , $ 3.95 . This in itself I could accept , but shipping was another $ 7.95 ! I AM new to Amazon ... maybe I did something wrong ?
 I was at first glance very impressed and about to order this book due to the photos . However , the `` inside pages '' tells something to the effect of `` my mommy just laid me and will take care of me until I hatch . '' This is incorrect information , especially in relation to Emperor Penguins . The daddy is who `` as soon as the egg is laid the scoops it up from the female . He places it on top of his feet and covers it with a thick warm fold of belly skin , which is rich is richly endowed with blood vessels . `` My kindergarten students love to learn about penguins and normally I really like the DK books for their realism . However this is one book I wo n't purchase now due to false information .
 *** This book has not aged well with time at all since it came out in 1967 . I would not buy this book until you have delved pretty deeply into JFK assassination research . It is a dismissive hit job on some of the finest JFK assassination researchers ever . These folks will be seen centuries from now as American heroes.Of course , they were right and the pumpkinheads that wrote this book were wrong . In my opinion , Lyndon Johnson , Texas oil executives and CIA/military intelligence murdered John Kennedy for many reasons both personal & ideological.I think Vincent Salandria may be the greatest JFK assassination researcher/analyst of all time . Salandria -LRB- alive in late 2012 -RRB- deserves a Profiles in Courage award from the Kennedy Library.John Simkin : `` In late 1966 Shirley Martin was approached by two journalists , Lawrence Schiller and Richard Warren Lewis , who were writing an article about the critics of the Warren Commission . The article was published by the New York World Journal Tribune on 22nd January , 1967 . It was followed by a book , The Scavengers and Critics of the Warren Report -LRB- 1967 -RRB- and a record album , The Controversy -LRB- 1967 -RRB- . Schiller and Lewis used all three to attack the credibility of critics such as Shirley Martin , Penn Jones , Harold Weisberg , Ray Marcus , Vincent J. Salandria , Mark Lane , Maggie Field and Sylvia Meagher . Martin was described as an `` amateur detective with a passion for Agatha Christie mysteries '' whereas Penn Jones was dismissed as a `` drawling backwoods prophet '' and falsely as an alcoholic who carried a `` pint of bourbon in his hip pocket '' . The most savage attack was on Lane
 Reportedly one of the best-selling books of the 20th Century -LRB- being a dictator does have its advantages -RRB- , `` Quotations '' is a collection of pithy sayings from Chairman Mao , culled from the great man 's extensive oeuvre . You might call it the Cliff 's Notes version of Mao , intended for people who want only the really important bits from charmingly titled tomes like `` People of the World , Unite and Defeat the U.S. Aggressors and All Their Lackeys . `` I 've always heard about `` Maoism , '' and now that I 've read the so-called Little Red Book , I 'm still not certain what distinguishes Mao 's ideology from run-of-the-mill Marxism-Leninism . Many of the Quotations are merely edicts for keeping the troops in line ; when he plunges into philosophical matters -LRB- see Section 22 -RRB- , he 's really just offering over-simplified Marx . Mao was probably an extremely intelligent man , but a Deep Thinker he was not
 it 's unbelievable how we can find , nowadays , people who call themselves `` maoists '' . There is no logic . Maoism is violence and pure dictatorship ... this book is a book of slogans and people who love a book like this are looking for slogan and not for political consciousness . Try Gramsci , it 's really better
 Regarding his quotes , one must often read between the lines . Sometimes not ... `` People of the whole world , unite still more closely and launch a sustained and vigorous offensive against our common enemy , U.S. imperialism , and its accomplices ! '' -LRB- Said to Kissinger , ' 73 -RRB- - `` Do you want our Chinese women ? We can give you ten million . '' `` To read too many books is harmful . ''
 If you 're trying to understand Maoism better and for the reasoning behind what Mao did in China this is not the first choice . I 'll be the first to admit that I chose this to be my first book into understanding Maoism but in all honesty it should be one of the last.At least the name of the book does n't lie . This book really is just a bunch of quotations from Chairman Mao . However most of these quotations are so generic and filled with propaganda that it does n't help at all in understanding the policies put in place during his time leading China . Not only that but they just state the obvious most of the time . You can open up any page of the book and see something like this . The thing is though that from one page to another he is saying the exact same thing in a different way.If you want to understand Maoism you need to look elsewhere and come back to this book later . Things like the Cultural Revolution or his Great Leap Forward are not discussed in great detail -LRB- I ca n't remember even if at all -RRB- and I find it amazing that the Chinese mass produced the book when it provides little in providing the people with a basic knowledge of communism .
 Like almost any politician , there are things I admire about them . Mao implemented measures that were preferable to that of Chiang Kai-shek , but nevertheless , if Mao ever stood trial , he would deserve nothing short of torture ... then shot.This book is filled with Mao quotes ; some good , but most dull . What 's interesting about the book is n't its content , but the fact that this book was distributed , and required remembrance among many students , as if it were a religious manuscript - which it essentially became . The Little Red Book became , yes , equivalent to a religious textbook whose doctrines became responsible for the deaths of millions of dissidents . This is an example of why dogmatism of any kind is horrible . It was not his `` Marxist '' belief that killed people , as any `` title '' can be attached to any dogmatic person out to attain political power ; it was just THAT which killed people - his aim for political power . `` Communism '' just happened to be the leading alternative to what Chiang Kai-shek represented , which was state capitalism , or `` mercantilism '' -LRB- the allowance of private property within a governmental framework -RRB- . Titles like `` communist '' , `` socialist '' , `` capitalist '' , `` anarchist '' , `` Marxist '' have been entirely evacuated of any essence , as China under Mao considered itself `` socialist '' , yet was a dictatorship , while Britain calls itself `` socialist '' too , and there 's far more political freedom.So read this book if you 're having a difficult time sleeping , or interested in knowing why Mao disregards personal freedom and subjects them to the Chinese state.Anton BateyAnton_Batey@yahoo.com
 I ordered the hardcover book pictured at a price of $ 66 . I received a paperback with a cover price of 95 cents ! Waiting to hear from the seller .
 Mao Tse-tung was the most murderous , anti-cultural and anti-intellectual emperor of China since the first emperor of the Qin dynasty 2,000 years before him -LRB- a fellow thug whom Mao greatly admired and sought comparison with , by the way -RRB- . In another atrocious irony that the history of 20th Century left-wing politics is full of , Mao launched a `` Cultural Revolution '' in 1966 whose aim was to destroy culture , and then mass-produced an anthology of his coarse and platitudinous writings which he forced the Chinese masses to memorize as the holy scripture of `` Mao Tse-tung Thought , '' an oxymoron if there ever was one . I hardly need to go into the enormous suffering the Chinese people endured under this monster and for those who tout this book on this page , it is evident that they know nothing about Chinese history , culture or people and do n't want to know anything . Buy and read this book only if you want to become a mind-numbed robot like them .
 this is the most boring book i have ever read in my life . the only reason i read it was because i love to read politics and wanted to say i had read one of history 's best sellers . let me tell u this book is short but it is one long , hard read . not for anyone who does not have a passion for politics . i assure you of that . i should add that in its own special way it can be seen to be humorous , at least if you find stupid intellectuals hilarious , as i sometimes do . after reading this book i am begining to see why the british use the word `` common '' in such a desultory context .
 Mao TheDumb says : Dui di-ren ren-ci jiu shi dui ren-min can-ren . That translates to `` Showing mercy to class enemies is showing cruelty to the people . '' This quote was used as Red Guards bashed and beat the bones of old men , bullied their teachers . When someone tried to defend the weak , the Red Guards would quote Mao , and continue beating , sometimes to death , their ` class enemies ' . The Red Guards were the Taliban of China . Mao was their leader .
 I heard so many fabulous and positive things about this series that I bought two for my 11 year old daughter for Christmas . BIG mistake . This book was NOT the uplifting , spiritual guide that I was led to believe . I had hoped that it would help solidify the values that my husband and I have taught her . The book traumatized and frightened her so much that she was having stomach and headaches and could n't sleep at night . I could n't get these two books out of my house fast enough !
 This book is horrible . I read one episode for my duaghter and it is about a father who forces his son to watch a dying deer as he eats venison . Then the kid finds a kitten and his mother makes his brother put the kitte to sleep . I was horrified . This is not realism . This is teaching your child cruelty . Do not give this book to a preteen until you read and vet it first .
 My daughter -LRB- 10 yrs old -RRB- got very worried by a story about a child 's mom who was killed at the office by a bomb . She kept worrying about parents dying suddenly . This story was not at all `` chicken soup for the soul . ''
 Hi guys , Estimated arrival time was Jan 24th for both books ordered from amazon llp and I am still waiting . It has been over a week . There is no tracking option on my end . So pls check yours!Thanks
 Vasari 's classic text is well written -LRB- translated , I guess I should say -RRB- but extremely tiresome . For nearly every artist he simply lists their works , and rarely with more analysis than by describing them as `` life-like '' or `` beautiful . '' For example , here is what he says about Titian 's Assumption of the Virgin in Santa Maria Gloriosa dei Frari , Venice , one of his most famous and celebrated paintings
 Sadly , I was greatly disappointed . One of the first books I just stopped reading because it was n't good . I could never ascertain if it was truth or fiction and quite frankly , the writing just was n't good .
 This book is a waste of money . It contains dated information and it is not well organized . You could find better data on Google.I was looking for a list of addresses for softball and volleyball players and there is no place in the book to find names that are grouped by sport.Save your money - take a few minutes and look up the information yourself . A real mess !
 The best advice i can give any future pre-meds is to listen to this review . Kaplan is the worst mcat prep out there . First , they recyle their materials every year so it 's the same thing never updated despite what they say . Their science is just all thrown in there without telling you what is imperative knowledge . Their verbal practice is horrible and not accurate of the real thing . Also , stay away from their class and if you really need to pick a prep course go with Princeton Review they give you 3x as many classes . Also i would recoomend Examkrackers to anyone studying for the MCAT . It really is the best and you will not be sorry . Stay away from kaplan please . i just luckily got Examkrackers and it made all the difference 11 P , 11 V , 11 B. Trust me go with examkrackers and if you have to take a course cause your like that go with Princeton Review . You wo n't be sorry .
 This book looks very thorough and perfect for MCAT studies but do not be fooled by the looks . If you want to get higher scores , do use Kaplan material or classes . There are many reasons for this.I am taking my MCAT in April 2006 and I bought this book . I compared it with the 1997 edition and surprisingly everything is same except the questions after each chapter . The material in this book is just recycled and not updated.The material is too vague and too easy compared to the actual test . MCAT tests your critical thinking about the subjects and its applications but the examples and problems in the book are very primitive . The material is insufficient and not thorough.The classes do not help a lot . My friend , Sandip , took this Kaplan MCAT prep class last year and he regretted it . He told me the practice exam are not comparable to the real test . The real test is much harder . They also do not have enough classes.You should enquire about the class and the book you are using for MCAT with your professors , your classmates , friends and colleagues . You should take Princeton Review class for organized studying and practice exams similar to real MCAT . I also recommend the Exam-crackers . Practice as many sample tests as you can.Good Luck for you MCATs !
 Before reading this book , I read Michener 's Hawaii . Because Hawaii was an absolute masterpiece and my favorite novel ever , I was really excited to read Caribbean and had huge expectations . So imagine my surprise when I found the book really boring ! I could hardly read it and just skimmed through much of it and finished it just to get it over with . I hear Mexico is pretty much the same . Chesapeake was ok . If you want great Michener books , read Centennial and Hawaii , especially Hawaii . But skip Caribbean . It is very long and very boring .
 Michener once again poses as objective historian whilst force-feeding his own narrow-minded assumptions on anyone still reading his books . Although CARIBBEAN has some interesting sections , the author 's thinly-veiled prejudices come shining through . The book is nearly half over before the narrator gives any attention to a single black character . His dismissal of Carib Indians is shallow and redundant . And he completely trashes Rastafarianism as a deliberate attempt to misread scripture in order to get high and scare whitey . This last dose of intolerance is utterly indefensible . Coming from the author who defended the rights of white South Africans to seize and oppress , CARIBBEAN gives thoughtful readers one more reason to discard Michener 's imitation scholarship and reach for some real wisdom instead .
 A few of the chapters were interesting . I liked the ones about slave revolts , but the rest were about people talking about war , the sugar interest , or other VERY boring things . I had to read this book for school and was supposed to take notes , but the book was so boring that I could n't find the main idea of many chapters . The most interesting characters in the book did n't even exist and the historical ones were hardly even mentioned . For a historically acurate book , Caribbean is hardly acurate and I would not read this one just for fun .
 Wow , I just finished this thing . At times , at its best I found it to be somewhat interesting . At its worst it was unreadable . I skipped a couple of the stories . Reads like a boring narrative one would be assigned in history class . All the dialogue ends up sounding like the author speaking through the characters . This became humorous when the charaters would use unique words and phrases the author had just used earlier in a narrative passage.I have discovered Michener seems to require an adjective for everything , even the most simple objects and subjects . A good editor could have helped with this . The charaters never just `` say '' , they usually `` cry '' . So and so cried , he cried , she cried ... maybe it 's an english thing . While on the surface the author appears to be fair and balanced , I detected an underlying racism , more than a smidgen of prejudice , it would suddenly spring up at times , usually in the mouth of one of his stereotype charaters . And Michener does seem fond of the stereotype cardboard cutout character , this book was filled to overflowing with them . I would skip this one . I read in the other reviews someone said Hawaii is good , I might try that one .
 Though I do not doubt Michener 's writing capabilities , I find that as I continue to trudge through this so called historical novel , two stars is as much as I can give this book without doubting my own taste of literature . Having recently read amazing works of historical fiction such as
 I 'd call this book a waste of time , but since it only takes a couple of hours to read , that description is inaccurate . Nontheless , I can say it contains nothing of value . Any critics likening Chris Bachelder to Vonnegut need to re-read Cat 's Cradle or Slaughterhouse Five , then publish a retraction .
 Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , submitted for your consideration
 This book was just bad , there 's no way around that . After reading this book , a warning needs to be sent out . Look out Twain , Pope , and Erasmus
 This is a quick read , and it pushes the by-now standard buttons , but there is no getting around the fact that this is shallow stuff . The targets are familiar , the influences go unconcealed , the humor is formulaic , the writing is uninspired -- in short , it 's a book for multi-taskers . Read it while watching TV or surfing the Net or chatting on a cell phone . There is nothing in the book to merit close attention .
 I was greatly disappointed with Bear V. Shark . I expected something funny . It is not . I expected satire and political humor , it has none . If the author was trying for a book like , `` 1984 '' or `` Brave New World '' or `` Fahrenheit 451 '' or `` Animal Farm '' or `` The Jungle '' he missed by a huge margin . Truly good satire tells a story , and makes a message . BearV . Shark does neither.The book is so inconsistent and difficult to follow that it becomes almost unreadable . It reminded me of the ramblings of a psychiatric patient -LRB- was that the author 's intent ? -RRB- I did finish the book hoping it would wind up in a glorious manner , but it just plods along and ends.None of the characters are in any way believable . None of the situations are engaging . None of the attempts at humor are funny . I was really , really disappointed . Did the other reviewers actually read this book ?
 This book is unmitigated , self-indulgent crap . I hope Mr. Bachelder has spent his advance and is now pushing lattes for a living , having had the smirk permanently wiped off by the deflation of his marshmallow-light contribution to the landfills of the culture he seems happy to hate .
 I 'd admit it . I used to love this book when I was like 13 . Now I 'm 21 . 8 or so years of military amateurism and general maturity growth has changed my view . It is with the latter heart that I write this.First , Clancy 's strength - Technical . Superficially , it looks good , but closer looks suggest otherwise . If there 's a fuzz zone -LRB- particularly common in Cold War texts -RRB- , it is used for NATO 's benefit . Soviet subs have no towed arrays , fighters have no IRSTs , tanks do n't have dedicated loaders -LRB- autoloading or human -RRB- nor ammo that can penetrate early M1s -LRB- DU-armored tanks are years in the future -RRB- . NATO of course has deadly fire control , God 's - eye-view , near unjammable Intel assets ... . etc. . All of it adds up until the real miracle is that the Soviets are advancing at all . This is not only UNrealistic , but does nothing to promote exciting battles where all have a real chance.Tactics . Kinda same as Technical . NATO made maybe 2 `` real '' mistakes without being made to pay the full price . The Soviets slowly fritter advantages away , and in contrived ways . Western theory holds that the Soviets lack of initiative will hurt them . Clancy seems to agree . Fine , let 's see how it is implemented .1 -RRB- 3rd Shock Army schedules an attack . The commander of the Western TVD fires 3rd Shock commander for lack of progress . Instead of just sticking to the plan and attacking at the scheduled time , the deputy does not give the call . This is , actually , an act of initiative -LRB- though utterly stupid -RRB- , and of course it buys the Germans a chance to counterattack .2 -RRB- A Soviet motor-rifle division NEARLY blows a hole through the American lines . An extra regiment is required . The only one close by happens to an OMG unit , and thus unmovable without talking to Moscow . Alekseyev mutters about Soviet inflexibility . This is not Soviet inflexibility , guys . If an American formation was declared out of bounds by the Pentagon , American commanders will be equally forbidden to move it . This is contrived stupidity to delay the attack , allow the Americans to reinforce , and wipe out the rest of the motorized rifle division and the tank regiment .3 -RRB- A division rushes through a hole in the advance . They fight their way towards bridges . A short-sighted Sov regimental commander calls for artillery to fire ON the bridges to stop the NATO escapees . In Soviet theory , he should only have direct and rapid access to his regimental arty group -LRB- a battalion of light howitzers -RRB- . Soviet centralization should at least stop his stupidity at that level , since the divisional arty would be under divisional control , especially since they have their own fire missions already assigned and executing . But of course , the Soviets CA N'T be given that advantage , so divisional arty drops its own fire missions and fires on the bridge with rockets.This stuff adds up , and the Soviets are defeated . Is anyone shocked?Characterization
 this is clancy 's most involved and boring book.do not buy it . instead try hunt for red october .
 RSR was a book so much filled with techno jibberish I had to stuff it away on my bookshelf of bad books . When I pick it up twenty-five years from now , it may seem a little more realistic , but not now . This is one of the worst `` Clancy '' books I 've ever read . Please Mr. Clancy , next time you think of a WW3 type of book , make it so it can be easily understood .
 I 'll repeat what surprisingly only a few people have mentioned so far.Unless you 're an expert in military lingo and with the different types of military hardware you 're going to find yourself lost and disinterested.The first few chapters were actually quite good and laid the groundwork for what I thought would be a good story . The remaining chapters had little connection to this however . The book ended up being nothing more than endless military talk , little character development , tedious descriptions of military and submarine encounters . Even Clancy 's much maligned Red Rabbit is far superior to this .
 Availability should read
 This is a very clever book , as far as I could make out , but very overrated . There were a few good , suspenseful scenes , but the military action was awfully repetitious . Perhaps the action is accurate and realistic , and it could potentially make an exciting movie , but it does not make good reading.The basic premise , that the Soviet Union starts World War III in order to get oil , was ironic , given that President Bush has repeatedly been accused of attacking Iraq for the same reason . In both cases , I found the reasoning unconvincing.Clancy 's writing is pretty odinary , and often sloppy . I was particularly annoyed by the continual use of unexplained acronyms - I tried looking them up some of them in a book containing thousands of acronyms and could only find about half of them - and the military jargon was similarly confusing . Sometimes he would use a term extensively and then 30 pages later he 'd explain what it meant . I suppose it would be all right for someone with more military background than I have , but a lot of the time I had no idea what was going on . I was also put off by the continual change of scene - I counted 17 scene changes in one chapter , and there are 43 chapters.The military strategy and tactics are fascinating , but the plot of the novel is pretty basic . The characterisation is virtually non-existent - most of the characters sound the same.This is the first Tom Clancy book I have read , and it makes me wonder how he manages to out-sell so many superior writers .
 I read this after my 5th read of Hunt for Red October -LRB- I love it -RRB- ... and I had to go back and check that I was reading a Tom Clancy novel . It reads so differently from HfRO , and not in a good way , in my humble opinion . I have not read any of Clancy 's other novels , but can only assume that Bond 's co-authorship is what ruined this for me . Be forewarned
 I love Tom Clancy . In fact I can safely say that Cardinal for the Kremlin is one of my all time favorite books . So when I heard that there was a novel out there about WWIII with soviets I jumped right on it.Big Mistake.I was expecting a book about major battles and world changing events . I was expecting to see the world structure change right before my very eyes ! Although this is a great concept , I feel like Mr. Clancy spent too much time on minor things . ****** SPOILER ******* I do n't care about 3 men stuck on hill 142 . I did n't want to hear about the personal feelings of a submarine captain . I wanted to read about major world changing battles , and got nothing of the sort .
 This book was lauded as a realistic piece in its day , but this is one of the most far-fetched works of military propaganda ever written , and one must wonder if the U.S. military did not have a hand in the book in order to sell the need for more conventional arms to the American public through a secondary source . Sure , this novel is classified as fiction -- but honestly -- anyone who visits globalsecurity.org for more than three or four hours will discover just how ludicrous some of the scenarios presented in the book would have been in the reality of 1987 -LRB- as if WWIII would have gone forth without nuclear weapons to begin with -RRB- . For example , almost the entire book is based on a scenario whereby the Soviet Union is able to take Iceland from NATO extremely quickly , but there is no possible way the Soviet Union could have taken Iceland from NATO in 1987 without the soviets having suffered significant naval and air losses in the process . But if the Soviets could have accomplished such a task , the United States could have conducted a quick counterstrike with cruise missiles , F-16s , and F-18s -LSB- i -RSB- at minimum -LSB- / i -RSB- shortly afterward from Thule Air Base in nearby Greenland -LRB- the U.S had significant warning and was at Defcon 2 for quite some time beforehand in the book -RRB- ; instead , in Clancy 's world , the U.S. waits for days after the Soviets establish themselves all over the island with a mere shipload of supplies
 World War 3 broke out . The USSR is trying to crush NATO . I 'm going to upset Clancy 's fans . I think it 's one of the worst his books . It 's absolutely unrealistic from the first line to the last . What do I mean ? I try to concretize . I will not touch political issues1 . The fable of conflict is sabotage of the biggest oil refinery in the USSR after which the USSR lost more than half it 's fuel output . It can not be just because the fuel refining is not so centralized over there how Tom thinks .2 . Clancy too easy ` defeated ' Soviet ground forces . Did you ever heard that NO ONE western antitank weapon ca n't penetrate newer soviet tank 's front armor -LRB- since T-72 -RRB- ? That 's true , read Jane 's ! Altogether , Russian tanks well better armored than their western counterparts , except Israel Merkava and they have much lower profile . They have also more powerful guns and they are more maneuverable . And Russian tanks are far lighter than western ones . Learn , western tank designers ! 3 . The naval warfare is closer to reality . But ... Russian antiship missile Mosquit -LRB- Sunburn -RRB- has speed M 5 . Can you imagine how to defend against such treat ? I ca n't .4 . The soviet military putsch and attack on Kremlin . It is also impossible to imagine . Kremlin is much better defended than anyone can think . The Soviet leaders always worried about their personal security more than about something else . So , this attack against Kremlin is at least laughworthy.I can add many more bugs like this , but I hope you got the point . Tom Clancy was pretty bad informed and he did this book in hurry using mostly computer games
 I am a fan of Tom Clancy . I have read all but 2 of his novels and this was by far the worse ... the story line was good , but the detail was so boring i wanted to skip half the book . In 350 pages this could have been good ... now i understand why some readers view clancy as too detailed , technical and boring ...
 I do think that if world war III broke out between soviets and americans AND IF nukes were n't used . The US and its allies would be the ultimate winners . But I do n't believe in the extraordinary events that take place in Red Storm Rising , there are just too many coincidences . For example , when the air strike against the american carrier group takes place , a small group of F-15s en route to europe just happened to be passing by and killed some of the soviet bombers ... come on people , the Atlantic is way to big for this . And I 'm just sure Soviet commandos in a covert mission get distracted enough to be ran over by a car every day ! Sorry , I just had to get it out of my system . The book is just full of these sort of events . If Clancy had just left them out , the book would be in one word Excellent .
 Okay so I made those words up . They 're not actual military terms . Buried in this Tom Clancy book though , I doubt that anyone except submarine and naval experts would even notice . I 've never heard of an author doing TOO much research for a book . I think Clancy lost touch with the everyday reader if he thinks anyone would understand enough of the jargon he spews here to care about this book . And when jargon is all a book offers -LRB- characters ? what characters ? -RRB- the book , to put in simple , non-Clancian terms , SUCKS ! Clearly it 's not the dumbest book I 've ever read , but it is the worst . I make it a mission never to stop a book once I 've started , and never to refuse reading a book given to me . This book made me question the value of such a mission . Too boring , too long , too technical , too empty .
 I love this book , but it 's a far better experience in print than in the Kindle edition . The book appears to have been transferred to electronic form with OCR and poorly proofread . Many of the alpha-numeric abbreviations are mangled and throughout the book you find tell-tale errors , like `` c '' for `` e , '' which leave you looking at nonsense words . Worst of all , in this case , are the myriad `` m '' for `` rn '' errors which turn almost every nautical use of `` stern '' into `` stem , '' which carries the opposite meaning and is truly confusing .
 This novel is very long and boring.When Clancy describes the submarine battles , the text results heavy and very difficult to follow.In fact , the novel contains too many technical details about the weapons.The book would be better if it contained more references about the persons.And I have to say that I think that this novel has a excess of 400 pages . -LRB- The Spanish edition of Plaza y Janes has almost 1000 pages in small format -RRB-
 Well , first of all , I have no respect for anyone who attends fundraising dinners for Oliver North , but I gave this book a try since `` The Hunt For Red October '' was pretty entertaining . I 've tried three times get through this book , but to no avail . The plot is quite interesting , and there are some good moments , but the whole thing is bogged down by endless , redundant battle scenes that do absolutely nothing to move the story along . This book would have been great if a couple hundred pages -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- were edited out . Tom Clancy could use some pointers from Frederick Forsyth , Jeffrey Archer and Joseph Finder . They do this stuff much better .
 I have not yet read the entire book , though I do quite enjoy what I have read , this edition of the novel suffers from some very severe printing errors . Namely , the first 3 chapters or so are out of sync with the rest of the book . The first page of the book is page 16 , and there seems to be fragments of a forward and an author 's note printed throughout this section . The rest of the book appears okay , though .
 The product is sub-par . There was no quality control , no review of the text . There were numerous errors , especially spelling errors . Just because you can run a spell check and get it to pass does not mean that the words are correct . Poor , poor quality . If you wo n't spend the money and time to produce a good product , I wo n't be spending my money on Amazon books in the future .
 It would be a good movie , but in reality III World war would be much different . We read books and wach movies to expirience what we want to expirience . In the reald world III world war would last for decades , without the nuclear weapons . And at last there would be no winners .
 I would like to let every one who are reading this to know I believe Tom Clancy 's is one of the best techno thrillers author of our time -LRB- also Dale Brown -RRB- . I read op-center and was slightly dissapointed but then I read this long epic !!! called Red Storm rising . The book start out with a exciting plot that perfectly reels the reader into the novel with an explosion of an Russian Oil Refinery at first I thouht to my self how real Tom clancy is at making well formed plots at the very begining of the novel . He properly introduce to us , each character and thier background and motives , and also their `` beloved weapons of destuction '' -LRB- AK47 automatic assualt rifles -RRB- but then when the chapter is finish . I start to realize to my self the weak story and where it 's leading to , I asked my self why would the soviet union blow up thier oil complex that produces 30 % of the nation 's oil . This was only one of the weak plots on the this long `` Un-clancy like novel '' then the soviet union would then take out 4 colonels and properly make it look like a terrorist agent working for west germany intelligence agency did it , when the americans have him as prisoner at langley virginia -LRB- C.I.A headquaters -RRB- -LRB- questioning him -RRB- was very confusing . Then Russia in thier supposed time of crisis feel that they should open up diplomatic ties with Nato and the United States is very unlikley of a real world war 3 senario . -LRB- why would russia think the U.s and Natto would fall for it when they have eyes every where -RRB- I would give Clancy credit in a real world War 3 situation , I believe the Russian would have their eyes set on Iceland because of it 's strategic position they could use in closing off the american-Europe trade route.If i was writing a techno thriller -LRB- although im only 17 -RRB- I would have the `` Russian mafia '' behind the action of blowing up the oil complex in which the money was being funnel to them through politicians in order to bring on a new war era in Soviet Union.Well Tom Clancy im sure you would probably right a better novel than I would.Red storm also go wrong in the submarines battles i cant not figure out why sonarman are always calling out `` bearings '' anyone reading this please answer my question ? well back to the novel the ending wasnt so spectacular either but still a some what solid book by Tom Clancy .
 This story lacks passion , character development , and most of all , an interesting plotlines . Their is no crucial conflict , no culmination , no threat that either side may win or lose . The story lacked intensity , and made of for it with it 's exceptional reality . However , reality may work for some fiction , it did not for this one . Overall , I think this story used mediocrity as it 's paradigm
 I have read and gone over again this book by Foster and and King . While I beleive they are sincere in thier belief I think they have stilled missed the boat on what binding and loosing means as used by Jesus in Matthew 16 and Matthew 18 . I gave the book one star for their attempt to take a somewhat scholarly approach to the issue of binding and loosing . But I have a problem with some of thier quoations and the conclusions they reach.One of the scholars they quote is Richard Hiers and his article on Binding and Loosing in The Journal of Biblical Literature . Hiers wrote an impressive article giving his view of Jesus words and quotes much from the intertestamental literature showing usage of the binding concept in Judaism as applied to demons . But as Joel Marcus wrote in his article `` The Gates of Hades and the Keys of the KIngdom '' -LRB- Catholic Biblical Quarterly # 50 1988 -RRB- Hiers , `` in the end ... admits that his interpetation of binding and loosing does NOT hold for Matt .16:19 and 18:18 in their Matthean context '' This is not mentioned by Foster or King in the book.Also Scholar Craig Keener is quoted in the book as saying `` Many early jewish sources report that satan or demons were bound or imprisoned after God subdued them '' -LRB- p. 26 -RRB- . Keener does write this in His `` IVP Bible Background Commentary
 This book is for guys who have absolutely no idea about how to please a woman . The book reads like a technical manual , reducing sex to a series of specific tasks , and telling us how women supposedly respond to kisses and touches . Not all women will respond in the same way , and the important thing is to be sensitive to the clues she is sending you , not to necessarily spend x amount of time kissing or touching one specific part of her anatomy . There are better books on pleasing a women , e.g. `` The Sex You Want . ''
 There is only ONE page of useful info in the entire book . I am not kidding ! ONE page . Everything else is fluff to sell a book . I thought it might be fun to read in bed w / my girlfriend ... negative.the one page has a fairly accurate diagram of the vagina w / some arrows that say `` rub here . `` Everything else was crap.And a waste of time.I guess if you are a terrible lover who does n't try and please your woman - it could be marginally useful but not in comparison to most texts out there.If you know it 's important to get your girl turned on before going to work than all you need out of this book is that one page . Look it up on the net and save your money .
 Only 7 pages of this 132 page book actually deal with the g-spot , the rest reads like a horrible dating manual for idiots . We do n't need a book to tell us what to talk about over dinner . I am not kidding . Rather than addressing the topic at hand , the author speaks down to the reader as if they have never met or dated a woman previously . We were laughing hysterically at the first few sections until realizing that the whole book read like this . Absolutely stupid and insulting , you would do better studying the Wikipedia entry on `` g-spot '' and Penthouse Letters .
 This book was the most useless book I 've ever read ! It did n't have much to say about the G-spot except a mere 7 pages out of a total 132 pages . The rest is pretty much author 's self promotion of his technique that is ironic since there is none!The title should have been `` Dating for Neanderthals '' or `` Dating for sexually retarded '' ... Believe me it was insulting to read ! The author just assume that anyone who is reading a book about sex must be a total moron that has never dated a woman much less touched one ! I 've read a lot of books about sex and by far this purchase was my biggest regret ! If you already know that a woman should be aroused in order to enjoy sex and you know how to search for G-spot in Wikipedia , this book is already way below your level of intelligence !
 I guess the title says it all , step-by-step . Too mechanistic and simplified . Does not delve deep into the true nature of the beauty of women and orgasm . Like something you 'd read in a Mens health magazine or cosmopolitan .
 This book pretends to be `` A Comprehensive Dictionary ... -LRB- of -RRB- Military Terms '' But most of the entries are not military at all , and a a majority of them are surely known to any third grade child ... I want a refund on the money I spent for it ! .
 The book detailed only a few famililys ans failed to provide the scope of activity among the broader jewish families at largre . An index of sur - nnames would have bee usseful .
 mrs pettigrew saves the day - all day everyday . a shabby stranger walks into someones world and completely saves everyone from themselves . she gets loaded all day long , then saves herself !!!!!!!!!!! how absurd .
 As I have started reading the book , which is a copy of a copy ... not a real book ... I find starting at page 10 , all even numbered pages have the last two sentences completely missing or bits and pieces of letters missing ... not legible at all and the thought process can not be completely understood ... this missing sentence problem continues thru the entire book starting at page 10 ...
 I have read a few of Davies ' books with Sherlock Holmes housekeeper , Mrs. Hudson solving the murders . This one does include Sherlock andDr . Watson lending their voices to help Mrs. Hudson in finding a wayto prevent the Malabar Rose from being stolen . However it is stolenpractically from right under the noses of Mrs. Hudson , Flotsie , Sherlock 's maid , Dr. Watson and the police . It is one of thosemysteries that seems impossible that it happened even tho'it did.My problem with it is that it goes on and on and on -LRB- and on -RRB- withnot alot happening . this is definitely not a `` ca n't put down book '' . You have to force yourself to keep coming back to it as you willhave to know how this crime was done . I know this is a Mrs. Hudsonbook but it certainly does not show Sherlock at his brightest .
 Attempting to read this on my Kindle , I found it extremely distracting because the lines are cut off before the return , so there is a long line of words followed by a trailing word or three on a very short succeeding line , followed by a long line and then a short one again . It 's almost impossible for me to enjoy a book that is so visually confusing . I wish I had known ... Reading it on my Mac is much better because the window simply shows the full wordage on each line , although the page seems rather narrow compared to other books . I imagine it would work just as well on an iPad.Smollett himself is delightful , but this version renders it difficult to appreciate him .
 Inverna Tomkins states early in the book that God was really trying to teach Job to hear from Him and that God was using the counselors of Job to prepare him to hear God 's voice , but in Job 42:7 God said to Eliphaz , the Temanite , `` I am angry with you and your two friends , because you have not spoken of me what is right , as my servant Job has '' and has them offer sacrifices and have Job pray for them that they may be forgiven . She does state on p. 9 that `` It is popular to discredit the speeches of Job 's friends because God rebuked them . This is the surface interpretation . A closer look at what God said reveals that Jehovah reprimanded them for their condemning application of those messages . What they said about the nature of God was fundamentally correct . God intended those messages to encourage Job and to give some understanding to what he was experiencing . '' I disagree with this statement . Job certainly was not encouraged by the speeches of his friends and nowhere does God give any praise to any parts of the speeches.Additionally at the beginning of chapter 3 the author states that `` The book of job is not about a man whom God turned over to Satan to see how much he could suffer and still not deny God . '' While she makes some accurate statements later in the same chapter , this statement disagrees with Job 1:12 and Job 2:6 where God does in fact turn him over to Satan . There are numerous scriptures in which God permits or provides tests ex . Abraham and the sacrifice of Isaac , and Deuteronomy 13 where God tests whether people love him enough not to follow after false prophets . I believe too much emphasis is also placed on personal prophecy in this book which can lead to error . It is better to place emphasis on prophecy for building up the church , not individuals and leading the nation away from sin .
 I 'm reading The Big Rock Candy Mountain for the first time . Great story . Unfortunately the Kindle edition is filled with punctuation and spelling errors , presumably from the digital conversion . I tried to figure out how to ` return ' the book since I can easily check out a paper copy for free from the library , but apparently Amazon does n't allow returns of ebooks . Or at least not in a way that 's obvious to me . Thumbs down on Amazon 's quality control , at least in this instance . And at $ 12.99 it should be much cleaner .
 The Big Rock Candy Mountain is a novel writen byWallace Stegner . I have heard many great thingsabout Stegner 's work , so i picked this up withmuch anticipation . Perhaps his other books aremuch better , but this book is not good . And whenI say that I 'm being very gracious.The story centers around a family of four , Bo , his wife , Elsa , and their two sons Chester and Bruce.The novel follows them from place to place throughoutAmerica , about their poverty , and overall faliure.The fundamental problem with the book is this
 This book is terrible !!! I was forced to read this book for summer reading and definitley did not enjoy it , dont waste the 14 bucks to buy this piece of junk . I really hated this it is boring !!! Wallace puts too much useless info into the 576 pages of this hunk of crap . The first sentance is about two pages long and he often switches between 3rd and 2nd person , it is really annoying . Dont wate your life reading this book try reading `` My name is asher LEv '' by Chaim Potok It is truly an inspiring novel unlike this boring book . Wow i hate this book i truly hate it with every square inch of my body ! I promise dont waste ur time reading this book
 I bought the book because it was in the bibliography of `` do n't make me think '' by Krug . The book gives some interesting advices but my overall rating is `` poor '' . It 's creativity seen by a mass production engineer , it 's like an art book written by a bank clerk.And most of all the writing style it 's incredibly boring -LRB- you know those documents starting with `` list of the acronyms used in the document '' ? -RRB- And please amazon fix this bug with `` how do you rate this item ? '' loosing it 's value when you go back to the `` write your own review '' pressing the edit button . I know I know , it 's not the apropriate place , but have you ever tried to go through the contact section of this website ?
 If you pick up this book expecting it to be anything like Lindenburg 's FE study guides , you 'll end up badly disappointed . The coverage is slapdash at best , and there are only two or three example problems per chapter -- not nearly as thorough a practice as you need.What really tears it , though , is the practice exams included at the end of the book . I started working one of them a few days ago and gave up after the first ten problems . Not because I could n't figure them out , but because the solutions were flat-out wrong . A sophomore ChE student could do a better job of solving these problems than the book did.The only place this book belongs is in the trash can -- which just happens to be where my copy ended up earlier this week .
 I bought this book last year to prepare for my exam April 2011 . I studied this book cover to cover and took both the practice exams . However , this books cover absolutely nothing that you might see on the FE chemical exam . It does n't do a good job to cover fluids which apparently is a big part of chemical evening exam . Coverage of reaction engineering is bare minimum at best . Process control is covered much better but that is only 5 % of the exam . Process optimization is not covered that well either . All in all this book is pretty much a waste of money if you want to prep for the evening exam .
 I bought this book for my research on my college thesis , which is about how the Faith-Based Initiative and Charitable Choice reflect a growing trend in government to privatize welfare services . I want my research to be fully informed by all the various differing voices in the debate over Charitable Choice , and thought that this book would yield thoughtful , intelligent analysis and discussion . I was sadly disappointed . This book is not meant to be a resource for any serious scholarly discussion , as I found it greatly oversimplified many of the topics it approached , and is written very much in a consumer-friendly fashion . If you are looking for a book that will lay out the basic positions of supporters of Charitable Choice and the Faith-Based Initiative , and a simple explanation of what Charitable Choice is , then this is the book for you . However , if you are looking for serious scholarly discussion , do n't waste your money .
 First , I received this book with almost 27 % of pages unreadeable , seems to be a problem of printing . Hopefully , I managed to find the book in the Internet.Secondly , the book itself is simply way too biased . I do n't want to extend myself about that , just to say the book depicts Chile as a bunch of ruthless sanguinaries , killers by nature that were so happy because the war season was open and the Peruvians ... were all `` gallants '' and they performed with `` gallantry '' . I do n't think so . But I understand this author and his passion for the Ynka Land where he spent some years of his life , an englishman who was a prolific writer with several other interesting books dealing with exploration.In any case , a much more balanced account of this war is given in the book `` The ten cents war '' .
 I practiced this technique some time ago , and after go to college to study again , the subjects that were really hard for me , seem now much easier to study , and i get much higher marks , one of my friends too.perhaps my `` IQ '' as defined in test has not changed , but my ability to understand subjects it 's way better !! and now i not only pass !!! get good marks in hard subjects as algebra has improved a lot !! I think my intelligence has increased , althought an iq test said the contrary , i feel a lot of my abilities has improved.this book for me it 's 5/5 ! thanks Win wenger!I am sorry i cant change 1/5 to 5/5 ;-LRB- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
 I 've been image streaming since November of 2003 . I recently took an I.Q. test and compared the results to an I.Q. test I took prior to starting . My I.Q. score indicates that my intelligence has not increased at all.To anyone interested in buying `` The Einstein Factor '' , I warn you that it is a gimmick . I have been image streaming for 15 minutes a day for the last 7 months and have not felt any increase in my mental capabilities.Also , Win Wenger states that your I.Q. will increase by twenty points after a few months ... This ca n't be true because of the fact that a jump in I.Q. from 140-160 is much higher than a jump from 100-120 .
 The Einstein Factor is one of those books that can be rightly described as ` too good to be true ' . The book presents a series of ` tasks ' to help improve IQ , ranging from suffocating your brain to inhaling less toxic fumes . The evidence for direct IQ improvement from these exercises is scat . The book relies on inconsequential -LRB- but I must admit , interesting -RRB- information to smoother the reader with You Can Be Like Him talk , leading one away from actually objectionably questioning the lack of real evidence that any of it does it actually increase your IQ.Not to say that all the ` advice ' in the book is rubbish , but the fact is anyone actually interested in a book like this will -LRB- should -RRB- already know that listening to Mozart allegedly makes you smarter . What I mean to say is most if not all the information presented is a collection of already well known supposed methods of improving IQ . Which are not proven by anyone truthworthy and can only be described as modern folklore.As for ` image streaming ' , this technique is merely a re-naming of ... wait for it ... . Meditation . And to be honest if the reader really wishes to benefit from meditation -LRB- one of the oldest inventions from mankind -RRB- there are large followings , huge communities , based on meditative practises that are so much more informative than a chapter in this book.All in all this book and it 's counter-part -LRB- I forget the name but the book actually has advice that you buy ANOTHER book by the authors friend and gives you details on how to buy it , mid-chapter -RRB- is a big let 's cash in on their ignorance and desire to become more intelligent rip-off . Stay away unless you do n't know your way around Wikipedia .
 This book really does -LSB- stink -RSB- . I have done image streaming fora while now . I do it 30 minutes , twice a day and have gonethrough many a trigger and have seen NO IMAGES period.The only thing I do see is kaleidoscopic patterns of lightappear before me when I shut my eyes , and other wierd blobsof light patterns . But I did n't need Wenger to tell me this.He is getting two stars for the following reasons -LSB- 1 -RSB- showing me what I already have expereinced . -LSB- 2 -RSB- for being honest in stating that 30 % of people who doimage streaming will fail ! I am his waterloo ! Despite this nasty review I will do image-streaming for a bitlonger-for a couple of weeks longer at max and if no improve-ment - -LSB- forget -RSB- this method .
 The whole concept of image streaming is interesting and quite fun , but emphasis is stressed on verbalization of your images so you can hear yourself or play it back later to analyze . Win said himself that Image Streaming only works if you verbalize your images otherwise it 's only useful for falling asleep . This is sort of a disappointment because it 's fun to fantasize about my own subconscious images increasing my intellect . My only question is ... WHAT IF YOU 'RE DEAF ?!?!? Does this mean you 'll never grow smarter ??? I think not . I would give this book a higher rating based on the research and effort put into it , but I just ca n't based on the fact that if I ever became deaf I could no longer communicate with my subconscious insights , according to him . That being said , the only useful purpose of the book would be to help me fall asleep . I 'm not deaf and it already does a good job of it
 What a load of rubbish . I very much doubt the author is a true scientist , he sounds like a school teacher who took 15 years of night school to get his PhD . Cutting to the chase , he makes a series of boastful claims , fills the book with anecodotal evidence , presents not 1 iota of proper , verifiable evidence to suggest that image streaming can advance IQ by a single jot . If you want to hear a plethora of interesting and amusing facts , by all means buy it but I would rather spend my money on an encyclopedia and actually learn something for real . So basically another nugget of fool 's gold -LRB- and I 'm the greatest fool for buying it -RRB- .
 This book is poorly organized . The author makes large claims . The process of image streaming itself is ambiguous . I tried the image streaming as it said and got no gains . What a waste of time and money ! The author 's claims are unfounded . The Reinert studies which are supposed to measure gains in I.Q are hillarious.It is not based on a standard I.Q test but some rough shod unsubstantiated test . The author is cockey about his claims which makes him dangerous . Save your money !
 This book really -LSB- is bad -RSB- . I have done image streaming fora while now . I do it 30 minutes , twice a day and have gonethrough many a trigger and have seen NO IMAGES period.The only thing I do see is kaleidoscopic patterns of lightappear before me when I shut my eyes , and other wierd blobsof light patterns . But I did n't need Wenger to tell me this.He is getting two stars for the following reasons -LSB- 1 -RSB- showing me what I already have expereinced . -LSB- 2 -RSB- for being honest in stating that 30 % of people who doimage streaming will fail ! I am his waterloo ! Despite this nasty review I will do image-streaming for a bitlonger-for a couple of weeks longer at max and if no improve-ment - -LSB- end -RSB- this method .
 This is anecdotal nonsense ; the author has no legitimate evidence to substantiate his claims . The so-called `` Einstein Effect '' is really nothing more than vocalized stream-of-consciousness , or to put it more plainly
 At the time of this writing , when I click on ` See all 91 reviews ' ALL OF THE 5 STAR REVIEWS on the page -LRB- reviews 1-10 -RRB- are written by a reviewer who has reviewed ONLY THIS BOOK ! Since 7 of these 10 reviews ARE 5 star reviews I either have to conclude that this book is the most sensational book of the century and inspires people who have never written another review ever to sign up on Amazon to do just that for this book OR the ballot box is being stuffed here . Read the more measured reviews and the astute reader will be able to easily discern which of these two possibilities is true ... I , personally , do n't like it when the seller himself or reviewers associated with the seller do not identify themselves as such when reviewing a product !
 This book is so disappointing to me that I actually threw it away so it does n't clutter my bookcase . I suggest you review this book , if possible , in a bookstore before you buy it .
 I bought this book . I read it . I learned nothing . I just wasted my time for this BS book . Save your moneys . I tossed this book to the garbage instead of recycling or donating to the library because it is really suck ! ...
 I purchased this book almost seven months ago and have followed its teachings to a T. I am displeased to report that I have experienced no significant increases in my IQ , memory , creativity , or any other mental faculty that this book claims to improve . I would like to stress , though , that I feel Dr. Wenger 's intentions are genuine and that there probably are people who have experienced marvelous gains of mental ability through his teachings . I am not one of them , and that is why I tossed the book in my garbage this morning . I will try The Memory Book next and report back on that .
 This book will not do what it claims . Almost all people who pick up this book will do so to try to reach the hightened IQ that it promises . I see no way that it can work . The `` proof '' really does not exist , and the `` scientific '' explanations behind the method could only be called pseudoscience , or quackery.Now , there is some science there that is reasonable , such as the background on flow , and some basic concepts about association , but it does not hold together at all.The only possible saving factor is that it attempts to get the reader to use their imagination to explore knowledge . This is normal , simple free association , and nothing really special . One may do the same using keyword lists , free association , or stream of conciousness writing -LRB- all are accepted learning strategies -RRB- , but these are not new . It is just one way using your imagination.Although it is a good idea to find ways to use your imagination , this book will still mislead . The left/right brain mythology used is similar to other books , such as the mind mapping literature , and will have a similar effect ; It leads people to buy further dubious products.There are other arguments , such as - Einstein did n't need it , so why should you ? , but in general , there is no need for them . Nothing is proven here . There is one guarantee though ; This book is going to be disappointing people for many years into the future.If you like imagery , then ok , but an IQ booster ? Give it a miss !
 The author tried some experiments within a process caled image-streaming . A dubious measure of IQ both before and after indicated that an increase of 1 IQ point per hour was yours for the taking if you applied the technique.I guess the authors are pretty confident that most of the potential audience are pretty thick since average to ` gifted ' is just 30 hours away and genius levels of IQ are just 50 hours of this technique away . Sounds about right , yes?Frankly there 's nothing wrong with image-streaming - it 's an interesting technique and you 're likely to enjoy a number of the exercises in the book . BUT - they are n't going to make you as smart as Einstein nor are the purported levels of IQ gain likely to occur . If it really happened as suggested do n't you think you would have heard about it somewhere other than on the back cover of this book?Please Mr Wenger , prove me wrong and reproduce the results in controlled tests . With calibrated tests ? No ? Says a lot really .
 This book is total nonsense . It does not raise IQ one iota . Just more new-age mumbo-jumbo . One would be much better just doing a standard relaxation/meditation every evening after work/school . Work needs to be done to test the claims of these techniques , since many more hardworking , overworked professionals such as myself , are being suckered into buying them . The subsequent waste of time , just causes more stress etc !! Go a walk , a jog , play with the kids , just spend your 30mins a day doing something worthwhile .
 You know what made Einstein such a great physicist ? Knowing a lot about physics ! I 'm not trying to be -LRB- too -RRB- facetious here , but I have grown increasing frustrated with books , web sites , and other media that try to reduce `` genius '' to a matter of will and technique . The intentions might be honorable , but there are at least two serious problems with this approach . First , like too many other products pitched at effort-averse Americans -LRB- and I count myself in this category ! -RRB- , they promise far too much for far too little investment , and they prey on widespread insecurities . Whether it 's books like this that offer `` genius '' in return for `` image-streaming '' -LRB- which sounds suspiciously like daydreaming -RRB- , or CDs that promise you the ability to `` meditate like a Zen monk , '' or similar products , the bargain they offer seldom pays off and also devalues the real effort required for personal growth -LRB- intellectual or spiritual -RRB- . Second , like most self-help products , they are marketed at the insecure and self-doubting , those who feel that they are insufficiently intelligent , capable , and disciplined to succeed . Now , there 's nothing wrong with trying to become more intelligent , more competent , and more self-disciplined , but there 's something disingenuous about offering a glorified form of day-dreaming as a means to this end . Sadly , there 's no substitute for committing oneself to doing the hard work of learning something in excruciating , sometimes tedious detail .
 I read this paperback years ago and I enjoyed it . But there 's nothing about it that warrants even the $ 28 price tag on the used copies , let alone $ 150 + on the new ones . Save your money ; this is highway robbery .
 Being quite motivated to take my intelligence to the next level , I bought this book with high hopes . What I found was that the author has never proven any of his techniques and leaves the reader with a messy set of guidelines from which to follow . The good reviews coming before this are probably just a consequence of people following each other 's lead . No one has yet provided IQ scores -LRB- which is the result of image streaming - the main technique -RRB- . Do n't buy this book if you have hopes of increasing your intelligence
 Este libro y el sitio mantenido por Win Wenger son un claro ejemplo de la pseudociencia al estilo de la Dian&eacute;tica y la Cientolog&iacute;a . Tengan cuidado con otro ejemplo de pseudo ciencia
 I 've been image streaming since November of 2003 . I recently took an I.Q. test and compared the results to an I.Q. test I took prior to starting . My I.Q. score indicates that my intelligence has not increased at all.To anyone interested in buying `` The Einstein Factor '' , I warn you that it is a gimmick . I have been image streaming for 15 minutes a day for the last 7 months and have not felt any increase in my mental capabilities.Also , Win Wenger states that your I.Q. will increase by twenty points after a few months ... This ca n't be true because of the fact that a jump in I.Q. from 140-160 is much higher than a jump from 100-120 .
 `` Einstein Factor '' by Dr. Win Wenger purports to raise I.Q. by 1 pt per 80 minutes of `` Image-Streaming '' , the main I.Q. building exercise prescribed in the title . This claim is largely based on anecdotal reports and the `` Reinert Studies '' for which no crucial details of experimental design are given ; nor have these `` results '' -LRB- Increased I.Q. -RRB- been replicated by credible researchers anywhere . As noted in the Washington Post , the erstwhile `` professor '' Charles Reinert is currently a practitioner of long distance healing therapy . Draw what conclusions you may from this.Perhaps most damning to Dr.Wenger 's hypothesis is the fact that current learning theories and present neuroscience make no allowance for such dramatic increases of I.Q. Save of course for children suffering from massive nutritional deficiency who are consequently well fed and cared for . Intelligence to a large extent is biologically determined , just like height . Roughly speaking , you get what you were born with . That is why it is so difficult to `` increase '' intelligence except in exceptional circumstances such as the one illustrated above.I have personally `` Image-Streamed '' for the last 6 months as per the explicit directions stipulated in `` Einstein Factor '' for 12 to 15 minutes everyday with no appreciable difference in I.Q. as measured by a battery of standardized tests -LRB- SAT , LSAT , GMAT -RRB- or in any numinous aspects . And it is not as if I previously scored near the very top percentile of these exams so as to preclude any improvement on subsequent attempts . I have yet to take the Raven 's Matrices though I have no reason to believe that the result will be any different . I simply have no evidence of any kind of advancement in any aspect of my `` intelligence '' via `` Image-Streaming '' . Aside from ballot box stuffing and confirmation bias I suspect that some of the superlative reviews are due to the fact that `` Image-Streaming '' does seemingly produce a few side effects , mainly the stirring up of old memories . I can personally attest to this myself . However this side effect does not equate to an improved memory but rather just the remembrance of a few random images . Interesting , but nothing to hang your hat on . Perhaps I am an outlier and if most people undertaking Image-Streaming are indeed experiencing massive I.Q. surges it is then only a matter of time before mainstream scientists pick up on this and conduct legitimate studies . One would think this would have already happened , as a number of years have elapsed since `` Einstein Factor '' was published . But alas , no such events have transpired.At any rate I find it entirely disingenuous to base the validity of `` Image-Streaming '' on anecdotal evidence and one flimsy pseudo-experiment , not even double-blind from what I can tell . As Carl Sagan stated , `` dramatic claims call For dramatic evidence '' , here we have a dramatic claim with with not even an iota of evidence . I can not recommend `` Einstein Factor '' .
 There 's nothing actually wrong with the cookie recipes in the book . However , they 're hardly what I 'd consider the all-time greatest cookie recipes ever , anywhere . The book is a big promotional piece for Nestle products -- I suppose that explains the presence of more pumpkin recipes than anyone could ever use . Also , the brandy snap recipe is line-for-line identical to the one in _ The Joy of Cooking _ , so I wonder where else some of the recipes originally came from . I did n't buy this for myself , and I 'm glad that I did n't -- I have better things to spend my money on .
 When P.T. Barnum wanted people to leave the circus he put up a sign
 That might not come from reading this book alone , as it is the fifth most believable of the series . When I was a student , I like many others I know who will confess to having read a Castaneda book or two when pressed , went through a couple of years of Castanedism , reading the 8 classics 2 - 3 times each , and even the later four , quite different books a couple of times . Being someone who likes to give the benefit of the doubt until conclusive evidence proves otherwise , I must admit to only getting suspicious by Journey To Ixtlan , the third book . The second book , A Separate Reality , picks up on the supernormal happenings , but still these are within the realms of possibility , when one considers Spiritualist literature . By Tales of Power , when at the end Carlos throws himself off a cliff and only survives by becoming pure perception , bouncing elastically back and forth 17 times between the two inherent realms of all creation , the tonal and the nagual , the game was up . In Carlos ' terms , my assemblage point had just experienced a considerable shift into the realms of disbelief . The cocoon had burst . I read the remaining books still interested , but with the growing realization that I 'd been had . Bizarre ideas not found in any other spiritual traditions , such as the necessity for people on the path of knowledge to kill their children to reclaim the power they 'd lost to them , plus fill in the holes in their cocoons the children had caused , made me wary . This was surely not a philosophy the whole world should turn to , or else we 'd be living in a fearful , lonely world with every man for himself.However , this would be fine if the books were n't made out to be non-fiction . While I have seen these books placed with science fiction books in many libraries , in most European bookshops they 're still sold with real , non-fiction ` Mind , Body , Spirit ' books . The reason I give this book such a low rating is that an intensive study of his works , the books by his various colleagues , plus Richard De Mille 's intelligent criticisms , can only lead to the conclusion that Castaneda , the writer , used Don Juan and Carlos , two fantasy characters , to verbalize his own beliefs , which were culled from his own spiritual and academic experience . That there are not some useful nuggets of wisdom , or advice in these books I do not deny . That is their very attraction , plus the belief that it all really happened , and is a new spiritual revelation . But as these are mixed up with increasingly bizarre assertions and beliefs -LRB- by the Art of Dreaming it seems all pretence at non-fiction had been given up -RRB- , it is doubtful whether a lifetime devoted to these practices -LRB- as opposed to say , real shamanic practices -RRB- would lead to spiritual improvement . If you must have a Castaneda book in your library , rather get The Wheel of Time , a selection of the spiritual highlights of the first eight books , but consider it rather ` The best of the personal philosophy of Carlos Castaneda ' than anything to do with Don Juan or Shamanism . This understanding may not have the romantic mix of wild Mexican deserts , ancient wisdom , wise old men and naive westerners which captures the hearts of so many , but it is a lot closer to the truth.The anonymous ghost-writer at Schuster and Schuster who corrected Peruvian immigrant Castaneda 's English for at least all of his earlier works -LRB- a sample of his writing from 1969 reveals it was still far from perfect , not like what is in books -RRB- , giving the books their special character , certainly deserves more credit than he or she gets . But they are not written well enough to succeed as fiction , hence their continued classification as non-fiction , besides the intense academic embarrassment it would cause copyright holders UCLA to have to admit such a dramatic change in classification , from fact to fantasy , after having previously given the author a doctorate for his work ! -LSB- ... -RSB- , so I must give the minimum rating allowed . The day this book is reclassified as Fiction , I will up my rating to 3 stars though , as it is a quite entertaining and authentic piece of fiction-posing-as-non-fiction .
 So Seared Ahi Tuna Steaks with Onion Marmalade and Lentils is Basque ? Because there 's tuna in it and the Basque dish , Marmitako , is also based on tuna -LRB- bluefin tuna , by the way -RRB- ? No . Mr. Hirigoyen 's dish , which can be perfectly OK , is the typical French/Californian concoction with maybe a touch of Asian in it . Again
 I scanned Mr. Hirigoyen 's book and did not buy it , even though I am always on the lookout for books on the cuisines of Spain and Spain 's Basque Country . What put me off was the recipe for patatas a la riojana , which called for no chorizo and included butter and white pepper -LRB- as did many of the so-called Spanish Basque recipes -RRB- . Patatas a la riojano just happens to be one of my favorite folk dishes in Spain . As the name implies , it comes from the great Spanish wine region , La Rioja , which also has a Basque section , La Rioja Alavesa . In my trips to La Rioja , probably 30 by now , I have had patatas a la riojana numerous times , never without chorizo . In fact , patatas a la riojana is also known by its more common name , patatas con chorizo . I have also helped make bacalao al pil-pil and I can assure you , there is nothing easy about the versions I have seen made , contrary to Mr. Hirigoyen 's assertions . As a widely-published writer on the wines of Spain , I was shocked by Mr. Hirigoyen 's lack of knowledge about the wines of the Spanish Basque Country . As to French Basque food , perhaps the book is much stronger , but I know little about the subject . Spain and France , Basque or not , are much different in their approach to food , IMHO
 Hirigoyen should have based his book on the french basque recepies and left the spanish basque recepies to the ones who know better . I have not seen a single spanish basque dish in the book that is authentic ! Hirigoyen should know that we never cook with butter and white pepper .
 I have seen the book in a bookstore but i have n't bought it because i was very surprised to see that the Spanish Basque recipes are anything but authentic
 A pretty book with some nice pictures , but it does little to portray veritable Basque cuisine . I am a Spaniard from Catalunya who loves good food and knows the kitchen . I was bothered by many things in this book -- his overuse of butter , for instance ... Gazpacho is a dish from southern and central Spain , not the Basque country . Gazpacho does not need an `` earthy '' flavor as Mr. Hirigoyen suggests by adding red beets -LRB- What an aberration ! -RRB- . The dish `` Hake San Sebastian '' is unheard of anywhere in the Basque country , unless he means his own version of the traditional `` Merluza en Salsa Verde '' . `` Bacalao al Pil Pil '' is one of the most ancient and sophisticated dishes of the Basque country -LRB- possibly of Europe -RRB- and is taken for granted without giving it due respect ... In sum , quite a disappointing and misleading view of Basque food .
 This short book came off to a satisfying start
 Interesting little book . I 'm uncertain whether anyone could learn anything from a book about dance , but used as an aid or reference to enhance live instruction , it might be useful ... perhaps . Unfortunately , this fifty page book , which saves it 's suggested ballroom routine for pages 31 and following , is printed pages 1 through 30 - the last 20 pages being left blank.I returned one copy explaining how it was defective only to receive another that was exactly the same way . I suspect that all the remaining copies have the same defect , and we could go on and on like this for a very long time .
 The back cover sold me . Four friends , one of them betraying the others with a revealing novel . But that 's not really what this is about . The dynamic of the friendship is lost somewhere . I kept waiting for it to get better and it just got worse . I decided to stop reading it about two-thirds through and I 'm not the least bit curious about how it ended . I do n't know about her other novels , if I see one at the library I 'll give it a try , but I 'm not spending my $ $ on one .
 I ca n't believe all these positive reviews ! It was readable , but hardly exciting , profound or wondrous . In fact , parts of it were laughable . An elk that thinks he 's Elvis ? Give me a break ! A man who may be `` part fish ? '' Yeah , right.Then there 's the ambiguity surrounding the character Jina . Why does she spell her name like that ? Is it just exoticised Italian , or something more ? I happen to know that Ji-na can be a Korean women 's name , and there are hints that she might be Asian , but this needs to be made clear long , long before the book ever goes to print . And do n't even get me started on the requisite Arab bad guy.A nice `` pitch '' novel , full of elements designed to appeal to readers . In terms of achieving something as a novel , though , it 's a mess .
 I am a Larry Niven fan , and have gone out of my way to track down out-of-print copies of his older books . When I saw this title , I was looking forward to another fine book in Niven 's style.This is n't one . Niven 's style is almost not present in the book . When I received the invite to review the book , I had to think hard about what the book was ... it left that little of an impression on my memory.Normally I keep books and re-read them . I traded this one in .
 I saw this title on list on Niven books and decided I 'd read it if I found it somewhere . I figured , `` I love all of his other books , how could I go wrong ? '' Five pages into this book I was silently screaming for the torture to stop . Obviously , this is a novellete or short story that Niven read and decided to slap his name onto . As a science fiction story it is fair to midling , as literature , however , it is complete and utter drivel . The social commentary is so elementary , so tired , so totaly washed up , that I have pains in my head from trying to block it out . The whole thing with Wilville and Orbur , bycicle carvers turned air-machine makers , and the introduction of coins as `` spell tokens '' just makes me retch . Throw in a pinch of woman 's lib and assebly line technology , and what we get is a seventh grader 's story about an interesting and even exiting culture that could have really worked , had Niven actually put any work into the darn thing.It left a bad taste in my mouth . If you 're a Niven Worshiper , as I am , do yourself a favor and pass this one by . Re-read All the Myriad Ways again .
 Gerrold and Niven are both excellent SF writers . I usually enjoy their books , and both have built up large and high-quality bodies of work . That 's why the badness of `` Flying Sorcerers '' is so baffling . It 's like they banged this out in a weekend on a bet.Much is made of the alleged humor of this novel . Fannish jokes and puns belong at Worldcon , not in a book put out for sale to the general public . Their humor value fails to rise over the level of Granpa 's thighslappers . For example , two young alien boys who build a flying machine are called `` Wilville '' and `` Orbur . '' Ho , ho . My sides ! And the gags go downhill from there.So why 2 stars instead of one ? Despite all of its flaws , this is still an amiable book . `` Ringworld Throne '' aside , both Niven and Gerrold have enough talent to make this book at least somewhat interesting , and to keep the thin plot moving.If you 're interested in these authors , and you should be , pick out almost anything from their extensive catalogs before you purchase this .
 i liked the book -- i 'm a Niven fan so i 'm not sure how i missed this title . i 've always enjoyed Niven 's light-hearted stories.however , the Kindle edition was horrible , with pervasive `` typesetting '' errors . i could n't get more than a few pages without running into a random word in superscript/subscript , or a whole line in a different font size , or dropped characters or punctuation , and , at least once , an entire paragraph in right-justification . granted these are minor errors , but each mistake hit me like a brick wall , bringing my reading to a dead stop.whoever translated this to the Kindle simply did a terrible job . = -LRB-
 Do n't buy the Kindle edition of this book . It consists only of Volume 2 . Basically you are getting a book that starts out in the middle and omits the entire first part .
 I wrote negative review for this book , and it was taking down without even letting me know . I guess enlightened author does not like bad reviews . I 've been there and done that , and I can guarantee you , that it will not lead you to unity with True Light.Want to try be my guest , but it is my responsibility to warn you .
 I 'm disappointed because my daughter has no interest in this set at all . But she loves the Volume II collection .
 My son did not show any interest in these books . Books are ok not very creative and rhyming as the `` The going to bed book '' .
 My 18 month daughter absolutely loves the Going to Bed Book , she asks us to read it over and over again . Unfortunately this box set does not compare . The illustrations are not nearly as clever , the text is not as rhythmic . I wish I would have gone to the bookstore to check it out first .
 Whether it is developing a thesis or hooking paragraphs , the Lively Art of Writing is a waste of time and energy . It teaches absolutely nothing and only gives a very tight form rather than allowing students to develop their own style . Used in English classes for God knows how long , it gets worse with age . About the only thing this book has going for it is that it 's so fun to make fun of -- the dumb analogies and Lucille V. Payne 's obsession with drag-racing , especially , have kept my English class highly amused .
 This book has no point to it . It teaches you common sense stuff . It has no value in real life . This book is very boring and useless . A student can not read this book , it is too boring and useless . Waste of Money . This is a waste of -LSB- $ -RSB- . If you have already bought this book , it can be used as pretty good fire wood , and that 's what the one star is for .
 Unfortunatly I was required to read this atrocious book for school . I am a very forgiving student when it come to books that are dull , but this one drove me past my limit . The examples are outdated and pointless . There are too many references to dreag racing and silverware.Granted she might have some good points but you ca n't see them because they are buried so deeply in her ramblings . It was THE MOST BORING BOOK I have ever read !! It was difficult staying awake.This torture may have been worthwhile if there was something to be learned . Unfortunately there is nothing to be learned !!! You could condense the book down to ONE sentence - Writing is important , like drag racing , and never say the word there . Okay thats the book.I just saved you 7 bucks and the pain of deciphering the boring words in MICROSCOPIC PRINT . Ilearned as much froim her book as I do from SWEDISH PROPAGANDA that i do not understand.Only Swedish propaganda wasd more interseting !!
 Ca n't stand it . The author is very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very BORING !
 I am a Junior high school student in the International Baccalaureate Program and i must say , i have been praised by many teachers for my writing abilities . Yet , this book , assigned in our Rhetoric class , is a juvenile attempt to teach the art of writing . The LAW merely teaches subjects that are , to many , common sense , such as the avoidance of passive voice , but any valid points made by the book are nearly invisible in the horrible examples , such as drag racing or teen-agers . -LRB- yes that 's how old the book is . It was written when `` teenager '' was not its own word . -RRB- Ultimately , the book teaches a style of writing that does not nurture the natural abilities of a writer , but dumbs them down . If i were to write a paper based on Mrs. Paine 's guidelines in a college course , my professor would certainly look at me , as if i were a child , and ask if i wanted a lollipop , for it would definitely match the maturity of Mrs. Paine 's writing rubric .
 I am a senior at Champaign Central High School . We are using Mrs. Vaughan Payne 's book in our Rhet class . We have desided that it either needs to be updated , or completely re-written for the younger readers .
 I used to think this college guide was one of the best around - it was witty , fun to read , seemed that the author 's had actually VISITED the colleges they were talking about and interviewed students who currently attended those schools.Imagine my disappointment when I recently discovered that many of the student `` quotes '' used in this book were picked up word for word from comments on sites like epinions.com and studentsreview.com . If guidebook authors are going to say or imply that they have actually TALKED to students or visited campuses , then the authors should actually SPEAK to current students not just regurgitate previously published quotes . This is especially true when those same quotes are available FOR FREE on college review sites.Not all of the quotes in the book are taken from web sites like these , but enough are to make me feel that the authors are n't the `` insiders '' they claim to be . What a shame - great concept , fun to read , but I ca n't recommend a book that `` borrows '' from other sources so blatantly . At the very least , they could have credited the web sites they used to lift their quotes from .
 I picked up this book because I thought it would be fun to read the bits of trivia . However , I was n't very far along into it when I began finding factual errors -- errors in major categories that easily could have been corrected had the author or editor bothered to check . In Chapter One , for instance , the author claims that Hugh Griffith won the Best Supporting Actor Oscar in 1963 for `` Tom Jones '' ; in reality , Melvin Douglas won for `` Hud . '' -LRB- Griffith won in 1959 , for `` Ben-Hur . '' -RRB- Later , in a question regarding consecutive wins , the book omits Tom Hanks for his performances in `` Philadelphia '' -LRB- 1993 -RRB- and `` Forrest Gump '' -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , although the book was published in 1999 . Mistakes such as these can be found throughout the book .
 Needs a factcheker and a good shot of adrenaline before it can hold a candle to `` Inside Oscar , '' `` Oscar A to Z '' or `` The Encyclopedia of Movie Awards , '' all of which include trivia tidbits to greater -LRB- and more accurate -RRB- effect than Jones ' poorly written mishmash.Skip it .
 This is by far the worst book I 've ever read . It starts out bad with an anecdote about the author 's love of Star Wars and Star Trek and all things nerdy and gets far worse from there . The only way you can possible enjoy this book is with a cold Miller beer in one hand .
 A reasonable price and a good beginning but what seemed to be a thriller turned into a slow love story with some mystery thrown in . Was n't my cup of tea .
 I almost gave up in the midle of it . I did n't know where i found motivation to keep reading ; probably because I did n't have another book in hands to try.Boring !
 I pushed myself through this book because I absolutely hate starting something and not finishing it.I hate to criticize peoples work , because it takes a lot to write a book and I appreciate that ... . but I am going to give my honest review.This book was all over the place . I downloaded it thinking it would be a story about a serial killer and it turned out to be a cat and mouse love story , baggage from the past been done too many times story with a `` serial killer '' thrown in the background.Some of the characters were completely unnecessary and that little girl Whitney with all her stupid rambling was a waste of time . I really did n't care about any character in the book enough to get attached or concerned with the outcome.If we had more history on why she was possibly being framed that may have been more believable also . The person who turned out to be the killer and the explanation behind it was so totally farfetched it was sad.I will be deleting this from my Kindle to make space for a better book.p.s . Where all those 5 star ratings came from ?????????? Do n't believe it .
 Like all other Fabozzi books this one also just scratches the surface of the topic -LRB- swap and swaptions -RRB- with text book style examples which are not seen in real world . He starts with an example where both the fixed and floating leg of a swap is semiannual and actual/360 which is not the case of US Swaps and nowhere through out the book he discusses how to deal with different day counts -LRB- 30/360 & actual/360 -RRB- in the fixed and floating legs as well as different payment styles -LRB- semianually for fixed and quarterly for floating -RRB- . Anyone who is trying to build a swap valuation tool will realize the importance of the above meniotned topics which is not covered in this book . Even a slight change in numbers can change the P&L by several hundred thousand dollars as the notional are generally upwards of 100 million . This book may be good for an undergrad student who is taking the first course in finance and trying to understand what a swap is . But even then it will facilitate only an abstract theoretical knowledge which he/she will never be able to relate to in real world swaps . Avoid this book , it 's a waste of your hard earned money .
 Differences between the mathematical examples shown and what 's written in the accompanying text seem to be a trademark of Fabozzi books . This book is no exception . There were mistakes from the very beginning and , though I am currently only halfway through the book , I have not stopped encountering more of them . The text is reasonably explanatory albeit somewhat elementary but the amount of mathematical errors is astonishing . Difficult to recommend this book unless you enjoy solving puzzles -LRB- ie trying to figure out what the correct numbers are , based on the text -RRB- .
 A book written on `` valuation of swaps and swaptions '' is obviously not for the lay man . I was extremely disappointed to go through this book , which seems to be fit for 5th graders . It 's a shame that a supposed leading thinker like Fabozzi can write such a shallow , meaningless book . Mr. Fabozzi , please name one practitioner who cares to use this good-for-nothing book of yours . Perhaps a better title for the book would have been , `` Swaps and swaptions for dummies '' .
 The book begins like a movie , you know , panning over the scene and meeting all the characters one by one in excrutiating detail . You could tell by how charismatic they were which ones were going to die first . And then they landed on the planet and a few characters slowly develop a `` misgiving '' to foreshadow the later action . They meet cute child-like aliens , and Foster ca n't help but introduce human-and-alien sex at this point , of course . -LRB- He 's like that . I guess it sells . -RRB- So we have a few people die under mysterious circumstances , and people falling in love and having sex with the cute aliens , and a mysterious human already on the planet who adds to the body count -- and everyone is mystified , horrified , and made nearly insane by the final discovery of mystery of the planet and its inhabitants . And I 'm waiting to feel the same sense of `` OH MY GOD '' as I turn the pages . I 'm waiting to be wrapped up in the fitful panic of the characters I just spent the first half of the book being introduced to . But , I tell you , it never happens . The characters seem to feel all sorts of emotions , but the writing never invoked it in me . I mean , hearing the narrator tell me how frightened and freaked out the characters were is NOT the same thing as the narrator spending time to describe something to me that might freak ME out . I was an outsider . It seemed like the characters were poorly motivated to feel what they felt , since the author never seemed to stop long enough to try to make * me * feel anything . I think this book ends up being nothing more than a shallow , superficial action-adventure story gilded with just the faintest glint of science fiction and psychological drama . If that sort of thing appeals to you , then `` Life Form '' will too .
 Nothing interesting happens throughout the book . There 's almost no action going on except for some childish discussions between a bunch of scientists who stumble around on a foreign planet . And these `` scientists '' are really a poor example of human explorers of the unknown . They have as much imagination as the dirt under my shoes . Totally blind for the obvious . In other words , you would never want to meet any of the protagonsits of this story . This is what makes the story extremely improbable and even boring . You would n't want to read that book . Spare yourself the 311 pages and read something else instead .
 OK ... for years , White Wolf hints that the East is a big bad place full of big bad vampires ... And then they publish Kindred of the East . It 's an anticlimax that should never have happened ; someone fell asleep at the switch . Between the over-numerous virtues , restrictive societal protocols , uberdisciplines that let a KoE crush an opponent , and an unbelieveably complex system of rules that makes playing next to impossible , this book is not worth the nearly $ 30 you have to pay for it . Skip Kindred of the East if you can ; if not , do n't say you were n't warned
 Nice ideas , well that 's what 's positive about it . But White Wolf has gone the wrong way with this one
 This review is for ISBN 057311496X which I bought thinking that it was the illustrated version . This book is a play adapted from the original , although you would have no way of knowing from the online description . There are many different editions of this wonderful book so be careful that you order the right one .
 A fantastic book so real ... however the copy I received was n't in very good condition - the spin was all broken so I was a bit disappointed in this ... the first time I have received a book in such condition .
 Luther 's Catechism is a great book but the condition this one was in did not meet the rate of the discription given when I bought it . It was in poor shape . Scribbled all over and dirty.Won ' t buy from this buyer again .
 I like novels with a mermaid theme and I have n't read anything for a while , so I thought I 'd give this book a shot . The story is about sixteen year old Amy Rush who is on vacation in New Jersey with her somewhat backbiting family , who finds a mermaid park and ends up working there and later on , starring in the show . The story itself was n't too badly written and the author certainly shows promise , but there are many things that put me off recommending this book.Throughout this novel , it felt rather unpleasantly like I was being led through someone else 's teenage fantasy and what 's more , it felt like a ` Mills and Boon ' fantasy . I groaned every time I read the description of Amy 's latest love interest , about his gorgeous eyelashes and - well , I 'm sure I do n't need to go any further.That 's not all though . As other reviewers have commented , there were certain scenes that made little sense and at times even stretched beyond the boundaries of belief . For instance , have you ever seen the mermaids at Weeki Wachee , where they breathe through those air hoses during their act ? Well the protagonist was watching a similar show and did n't notice these hoses . Oh no . Not until someone told her about them . So this supposedly champion swimmer spends the following few nights looking for these hoses at the bottom of the tank without success , displaying an unlikely ignorance of knowing how to dive without her ears hurting -LRB- this is after we 've seen her picking up pennies from the bottom of a swiming pool earlier in the book -RRB- . But it was as I feared ; the hose-hunt was merely a McGuffin intended to lead us into yet another romantic encounter with the aformentioned hunk of the novel . Ouch . And if this was n't bad enough , a few pages later , she 's swapping spit with * another * local boy named Curt -LRB- who she 's known for all of ten minutes -RRB- . Anyway , a series of bizzare events leads to Amy starring in this mermaid show , namely the former mermaid having to back out at the last minute because her autistic brother beat up his room mate who he did n't recognise , despite having lived with him for two weeks . Rather convenient , especially considering that that many autistic people have photographic memories . And when the revelation came at the end concerning Amy 's parentage , I lost all interest in the book . Luckily , there were only a few dozen pages left , so it was no real loss .
 I 'm really getting irritated by publishers , authors and their friends writing five star reviews for their own books . If you click on the `` see all my reviews '' button next to almost all of the five star reviews , you 'll see that they only have one review . This is no coincidence.You might also notice that the less than positive reviews for this have a lot of unhelpful votes , too ; that 's probably the publisher or author at work again . The saddest thing is that I actually liked this book , but I 'm not prepared to give it a positive review in the midst of such dishonesty .
 Using the Nurenburg excuse used by those Nazis convicted of attrocities against humanity , this author has the nerve to claim the U-boat sailors `` were just doing their job . '' She takes obvious delight in the sinking of each American ship . She calls our Navy `` inexperienced '' and the Nazis `` experts . '' Just before her evil heros finally start faltering later in the war , she discontinues her narative . The perspective of this book is only a few steps away from `` Springtime for Hitler '' except she does n't mean it as a joke . Avoid it at all cost .
 After having finished the novel and feeling uncertain as to what was meant by the ambiguous ending , I did some research in some critical journals . Lo and behold , I came to find that the sentence , as published in this edition , is NOT what was supposed to have been written . Doubtless it is a -LRB- large -RRB- typographical error , but it changed the entire ending of the novel . Shameful to have happened , particularly for a book that markets itself towards classrooms and reading groups.The only good thing that developed from this experience is that through my research I discovered an alternate ending that Dickens had originally intended to use . Reading about the controversy between the two endings was interesting . Aladdin 's nonsensical third ending was not . Further , it makes me wonder what else in the story was horribly wrong ... Great novel , but do n't buy it from Aladdin . I wo n't be buying anything further from them in the future .
 I ca n't understand how anyone can stand to read this dribble . A `` Book '' consisting of 50 pages of people standing around talking reads more like a court transcript than a `` great novel . '' If you own this book , burn it .
 I love to read great books like BRAVE NEW WORLD by Aldous Huxley or FAR FROM THE MADDING CROWD by Thomas Hardy . I love THE AENEID by Virgil , THE ODYSSEY by Homer . I read both long versions of LES MISERABLES and THE HUNCHBACK OF NORTE DAME by Victor Hugo . I read THE RISE AND FALL OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE by Gibbons and gained much knowledge from doing so . I LOVE TO READ.But GREAT EXPECTATIONS was a GREAT DISAPPOINTMENT ! I was somewhat amused until chapter ten where I felt the book became psycho-babble . I was also disappointed in TALE OF TWO CITIES . I could not endure the first two chapters ! Dickens did a fine job on THE CHRISTMAS CAROL . But I will NEVER read another of his books !
 I thought the book was boring and the worst I haveever read . It was long and just boring . The characterswere confusing and had so many names that the book went by.I think Charles Dickens was not a smart man for writingthis book . He could have summed the book up a lot . He usedlong word that some times were had to say.The characters were pretty good to follow by with the different names . Pip was easy to follow as he aged . I thought that Mrs. Joe was a big meaniey . Joe was the nice guy and Estella was a snob in the beginning but shaped up in the end .
 For some reason I missed Dickens when I was a child , so I decided to catch up on one of the great works of the English canon . I 'm sorry -- I know that by critical accord he 's one of the finest and most influential of all English writers . And I understand the important work that he did in publicising social justice causes such as child labour . But I find his prose ornate and contrived , his plot slow-moving and predictable , and his characters implausibly one-dimensional . In my opinion Dickens does not pass the test of time .
 This book was a piece of poop . I hated it and I suggest no one read it ... ever . -LRB- :
 This book reminds me of algebra , its boring , time-consuming , worthless , and you will never have to use this in your whole life . Never ! So when you 're teacher asks you to read this book , do n't do it . Read the Cliff Notes or watch the Wishbone version .
 In this coming of age documentation , you will find disappointment at every turn . Dickens ' tedious descriptions and constant indecision on how the plot should turn makes the novel lose it 's potential merit.Thousands of scholars and other readers have lauded Great Expectations as the finest Dickens ' work of all time . The fact remains that it appears Dickens could not decide whether to make this a tragedy or an `` all 's well that ends well '' happy-go-lucky type of story . This is proven by his change of the original ending . However , any reader could give testimony of feeling `` yanked , strung along , or thrown about '' from page one as they wonder just what Dickens wants them to think about Pip and his less-than remarkable life . Should we sympathize , feel disgust , be concerned ? Does he deserve Estella 's scorn or is he a victim of circumstance?The more you read of this cryptic novel the more you grow to understand that Dickens does n't know what his novel is about , either . The entire book seems to vary by the chapter . And the fact that the plot has a potentially good story behind it that Dickens does n't care to elaborate on makes the entire thing a bit more tedious for the take.The fact remains that Dickens is a fabulous story-teller . He has accurate , unjaded descriptions , refreshing , occassionally bitter , sometimes triumphant plots , and enough suspense to keep you reading throughout the night . It 's just that none of that takes place in Great Expectations.Holly Burke , PhD.Clinical Psychologist , Abnormal Psych . ProffessorGeorgetown University
 This is often listed as a reading requirement for college and high school classes alike , I read it in college . But there are other great stories that Dickens has done such as `` A Christmas Carol '' and `` A Tale of Two Cities '' and I am unsure why this one is always required reading.The story itself is mildly interesting and the characters and dialogue are unrealistic . There were many times that I felt like I was visiting an insane asylum.Dickens is labeled as a classic author , and often that gives reader 's pre-conceived notions that his novels must be good . But even the best of author 's can have a mess-up every now and then and `` Great Expectations '' is certainly not one that I would recommend reading .
 I know , I know ... I 'm just a stupid high school student who 's brain has been fried by television . I was forced to read this novel in 11th grade and I could n't finish it . Must be because I play too many video games , right?I 'm a freshman in college now , and I still hate Dickens . Do n't write me off as a slack-jawed Gen-Xer though , because I 've read some pretty heavy stuff -LRB- Faulkner , Montaigne , Steinbeck , Salinger , Dumas , Hemingway , Vonnegut , Tolkien -RRB- and loved it . I eat up Mark Twain ; `` A Connecticut Yankee '' was a page-turner for me , and `` Huck Finn '' is my all-time favorite book . I just do n't like Dickens ' writing style , which he shares with most other Victorian novelists
 I am currently being forced to read this book for my Honors English class in high school . I 've already read it once before for a different class , so I know what I am talking about when I say this book is the ultimate cure for insomnia.I honestly try to appreciate what is * supposed * to be fine literature , but `` Great Expectations '' is about as entertaining as watching kale grow . First off , the fact that this book has two endings inspires a bit of skepticism in me . I 've never heard of an author so indecisive that he would put two endings in a novel . It creates a generally unsatisfying conclusion , as you 're at a loss for which ending to `` accept '' . Aside from which , this book has enough useless passages to fill a hundred pages or so . It seems that , basically , Dickens did n't quite know exactly what to write about , but felt the urge to * write * * something * . So he wrote `` Great Expectations '' , following the traditional poor-boy formula of his previous 15 or so books.I find it especially hilarious that none of my teachers have ever even read the bloody novel , but it 's `` good '' according to the curriculum . In the words of someone from a certain other Charles Dickens book , `` Bah ! Humbug ! '' . Do n't judge Dickens by this book , however . `` David Copperfield '' , for example , even though it follows the same `` poor-boy '' formula , is worlds better than this.As much as I 'd love to say , `` Oh , it 's a classic , everyone should read it ! '' , I personally do n't think so .
 Great Expectations must have been what the readers of Dickens ' serial publication must have had when they first read it , and I have to wonder if they were as disappointed as I was after slogging all the way through to the skewed , disjointed , and extremely contrived ending . This was written as a serial , not a novel , and I think Dickens -LRB- and his readers -RRB- would have benefited from a rewrite before publication in novel form.If ever there was a novel that set out to have no meaning , no core , no arc , and most of all , no satisfaction , it must be Great Expectations . The novel 's title clearly states Dickens ' perspective and intention ; that great expectations in life will be met by great -LRB- and bitter -RRB- disappointment , and the greater the expectation , the greater your disappointment in life will be . The idea that a woman jilted at the altar will spend her life grooming a young girl to make other young men 's lives miserable , is a contrived , almost paranoid idea from a male 's perspective . Mrs. Havershim 's great expectations for life were dashed , because instead of moving on to meet a better man , she chooses to become a shut-in and ruin a young man 's expectations for life . However , if it seems that Dickens is building towards some kind of message about not having overblown expectations and then being bitter if they do n't work out , the reader is to be disappointed . Dickens goes out of his way not to make this point or any point , but to make a grimly sad tale bereft of any kind of compass or solace for either the characters or the reader.Pip , the protagonist , survives his encounter with the damaged Estella , who had been deliberately damaged by Havershim to be `` unable to love '' . The ending , in which he encounters her again briefly and is glad she is able to have the heart to `` understand his heart as it was '' , is unbelievable , pompous and drowning in its own self-pity , all at the same time . It also feels as if Dickens took a perfunctory way to get out of a story that had meandered its way away from him.Great Expectations must be the most disappointing , overblown `` classic '' novel I have ever read , not because it does n't have a happy ending , but because of the way that Dickens has created his characters and shapeless mess of a story , and presented it in the most abrasive fashion possible . I was relieved at the end to have finished it , not satisfied , not sad , and certainly not edified . There is nothing to learn or grow from in this novel ; it has made me less of a Dickens fan . And that is the most disappointing result of reading it .
 I 'm surprised that this book is a requirement in highschool . I had to read it in my upper division English Lit class in college and I just could n't get into it . There are way too many retarded characters on which Dickens spends too much time , Pip gets more annoying with every page , especially his love for Estella who is one of the most disgusting characters in the book . I 've read Jane Eyre before this and it was a real page turner . This is plain boring .
 Great Expectations has a few interesting characters . I 'll give it that . Magwitch and Miss Havisham are definitely original and entertaining . But everyone else is pretty bland.Pip 's love for Estella is rather pathetic . Why he would love such a despicable person is beyond me . This fact alone makes Pip difficult to relate to , and thus not a very good choice for the point-of-view character.But the one thing that absolutely ruins this book is the clutter of coincidences . One of the first rules of fiction writing is NO COINCIDENCES . And Dickens goes out of his way to break this rule . Over . And Over . And Over.Really , it is not a very good book . Please do not wasted your money on it -LRB- although there are a LOT of pages , so it could last you months as toilet paper
 Do not give this book as a gift . It will disappoint . I am still looking for a high quality illustrated version of Great Expectations . However , I can vouch for the vendor who offered a low price and shipped promptly .
 HOW I JUDGE A CLASSIC
 Like many other reviewers , I have been dragged into reading this book by a literature class . The story line is mildly interesting , but most of the book contains fluff that is pointless and you just have to suffer through . The language is also very difficult to understand and not a `` skimmable '' book , by any means . If you really insist on reading this book , I would suggest getting the SparkNotes or the Cliff Notes . They tell you all you need to know
 This was the worst book that I have ever read in my entire life . I dont know why anyone would want to read this for fun . I had to read it for a summer reading book . If you dont have to read this dont !
 i ordered it december 19 , 2010 and it said i would get it between december 27th - january 11th ... everytime i have ever ordered anything on amazon i have always gotten prompt service ... it is now january 10th and nothing yet
 I had to read this book over the summer . I like the beginning and towards the middle , but actually when I was reaching the end , it became extremely boring and lengthy . Overall , I did n't like this book as much as I heard about it .
 The book was long boring and hard to understand
 I had to read this book a few years ago for an advanced English class and I hate the book . I think its awful that I was forced to read what amounted to an 18th century serial out of a tabloid.The reason the book is filled with so much meaningless drivel is that Dickens was paid for each installment and the longer the series lasted the longer he had a steady job , At least thats my theory . I just wish I could ask the dead author some questions like Why did n't you let Pip grow the Hell up ? That poor me , I 'm a country peasant with no friends act got real tired real quick . Second question Where in his warped imagination did he get Ms. Havishom ? News flash ! Anyone who did so many terrible things because a man left her was mentally unstable before she met the jerk which explains why he left her . Oh and one more thing if your a feminists -LRB- like me -RRB- this book will get you upset enough . The only women in the book are either crazy old hags or out right bitches . It certainly says a lot about male Victorian sensibilities !!
 I looked forward to reading a classic of Dicken 's . Like the title , Great Expectations were had , but not realized . None of the characters were likable , there was no character growth , and it rambled . I have taken great joy in reading Nathaniel Hawthorne , Mark Twain , and even Tolkien . At least Tolkien went on and on , it was with purpose and there was a point . Dickens ' point was to say that life sucks and there is no point . In which case , what is the point of reading this book ?
 had to read this for school and found it very boring . unless you like things being dragged out then do not read this . good plot but overly explanitive .
 By far the worst literary blunder the world has ever excreted . I would never wish this horific mass of boredom upon anyone . Avoid this book like the black plauge -LRB- another one of Europe 's tragedies -RRB- .
 I was force-fed this book in 2 weeks . I then failed the test over it , because in my fervent reading , I forgot to pay attention . The plot is too complex and the characters too numerous to enjoy just reading the book . The plot drags in places , then speeds in others . I remembered why I do n't read Dickens .
 Like many other reviewers , I read this book because it is a requirement in many English classes . Although the plot becomes interesting at times , the majority of it is filler . The book is filled with pointless characters and chapters devoted to run-ons of Pip 's thoughts.Because the book was written so long ago , it is also very difficult to connect with . The character relationships are annoying . The romance between Pip and Estella becomes very hard to believe , because Estella is not a likable person . And the dialect is very unbelievable . It is hard to picture someone using Joe 's speech patterns , even in old English times.While there are probably many people who will enjoy this novel , I would not suggest this book to someone looking for a quick read -LRB- meaning high school students -RRB- . It is very difficult to skim and requires alot of time to appreciate . If you have a lot of time on your hands and you enjoy long , character developing novels this book may be for you .
 I found this book hard to read and hard to comprehend . The book is about a boy named Pip and his rise from lowly to gentlemanly status . Along the way , he manages to alienate his friends and he learns some valuable lessons about friendship in the end . The way the sentences are written and structured made it difficult for me to understand everything that was going on . Many of the sentences would be considered run-on today .
 This book is so boring , I have to read it for my Honors Preparation English Liturature and Writing Class . It is really difficult to understand also .
 I wanted to start collecting the Penguin Classics hardcover editions , and I needed this book for a class so I bought it , and I guess I 'm glad I had n't bought a couple other novels to round out my purchase ! The cover was rubbing off by the time it arrived to me , in a padded box . However the print on the cover is made , it is done very shoddily and could n't handle being on a shelf , much less being read . I am very unhappy indeed . Phooey on whoever came up with this .
 I was greatly disappointed with the way this classic story was printed . The typing errors throughout the book ie.words that all ran into each other , and even pages of the story missing , made what should have been a pleasant read into a chore to finish it.I had looked forward to re-reading all the old school classics on my new Kindle but if the conversion of the old publications to e-readers are of the same standard , then I will not want to do so.I fear that `` Oliver will not be asking for more '' unless the recipe is improved.I have rated it only one star , not because of Dickens Story but because it was spoiled for me by it 's typing .
 I am no english literature purist by any stretch of the imagination but I did have high hopes for this book.The characters are realistic to the period but the story is very slow . The first half of the book is little better than boring . It picks up through the second half but finishes rather disappointingly.This book was purchased after a book club suggested it was Dickens ' greatest work . Having read David Copperfield a number of years ago I would have to disagree.I am glad I read the book even if the only thing I got out of it was to be able to relate to it when others are discussing it .
 I bought this book on Amazon about a year or so ago & just was really turned off by how much writing they cramed into even one page & the font is pretty small , it turned me off to the point that I never did even read the book , to those that did , hope it was good .
 A great reading but the sixteen discs are not labeled as to chapters on the disc nor are there any liner notes . You must play the disc and wait for the chapter to be mentioned during the reading . I do not see why they would have left these necessary conveniences out . Very inconvenient .
 I 'd heard Chuck was one of them super writers but they talked all kinds of funny in this here book . I did n't understand a plum thing he was a tryin ' to say . I reckon this book is for them smarty pants types .
 as for most of the `` adults '' who have read this book and think it is amazing , i can understand that they never had to read it . when you read a book like this and it is drilled into your head , and you have to go over every single detail , the book becomes a drag to read and looses all interest after the 2nd chapter . this book was difficult to understand , with the run-on sentences and plots that seemed to have no end . this book is way too long to be enjoyable in the way many people say . i do n't understand how someone can say this book was a thriller , it does n't even come close to being mysterious or scary . it does come together nicely at the end but that could 've happened much earlier in the book , this book seems like it never ends , and i 'm glad people are allowed to display their opinions about books weather they are positive or negative , it shows potential buyers how they may feel if they were to read the book . I would n't suggest this book to anyone unless you have a lot of time on your hands and are old enough to understand the whole thing . I thought this was a complete bore .
 I know this is a classics which is why I wanted to read it , but I just could n't get there . It just was n't for me
 A great book in concept . However , Dickens was apparently paid by the word . Especially the silly ones , like `` prithee '' and `` vittles '' . It is time that we stopped attacking freshmen honors students with this pretentious book , which serves only to drive them away from English forever . Nowhere near the best of Dicken 's work , the book reads like a 19th century soap opera , without bathroom breaks and Snuggle-bear commercials . By the time the first interesting character returns to the novel , the reader is lucky if he or she has n't choked to death on tears of frustration . Why is Estelle such a b **** ? Why is Ms. Havisham such an old hag ? Why is Pip so utterly slackjawed that he permits 20 years of idiocy to be perpetrated upon his stale English carcass ? Why , after all , does n't his benefactor take care of business , murder the lot , and turn this into something vaguely enjoyable ? Never mind the fact that Dickens could n't choose an end , he apparently could n't even choose a plot , wavering wildly between romance and mystery and the sort of English politics that Michael Palin would love to throw his pasty-white Anglo-Saxon hands about and throttle . Especially the politics . Do we really care about how an English attorney carries himself when we 're 15 years old ? Not bleeding likely . Powdered wigs and leg stockings sum up the bizarre nature of the staying power of this novel . It 's about time that High School English teachers stopped telling one another how * good * this book is , and read it themselves , without the Norton Critical Teacher 's Edition beside them . Especially when they have the advantage of alcoholic beverages .
 The kindle text is fine , but please be alerted that the link provided to get the free audiobook takes you to some japanese website that has nothing to do with Great Expectations that I could find .
 As an English teacher , I purchased the collection to use in my classroom . We had already started the novel when the cd 's came in . Because the cd 's were not marked according to chapter , it was difficult to find the starting point each time we used the cd 's . I would have liked to have chapters to correspond with the tracks for easy listening . On the up side , it was easier for the kids to follow along once we did find the spot , and the animated voices brought the story to life .
 This book is not the full version , despite the length . There 's no indication of this until you get inside the book .
 My daughter had to read this for an extra credit assignment . It was brutal for me as much as it was for her , listening to her complain about how boring it was . If you like this type of classic writing you might enjoy it but for a 15 year old it didnt seem like the right book to get them interested in reading .
 I did not like this book . I was unable to finish it . It started off slow and there was nothing about it that was `` great . ''
 Who really cares about a man that continually nods his head ? Who cares about a freak that has a decomposing wedding cake in her house ? Who cares about a maniacal convict who develops an unnaturally strong bond to a young boy with an obnoxious name ? But moreover what the hell was Charles Dickens thinking !?!
 The book was so stupid Pip should have just got a life and grow up . Like he really cared about Miss Havisham he only liked her for her money , and Estella . Besides if you ask me it was the dumbest book I have ever read I should ' t have ever wasted my time like that .
 I had to read this book for an English Honors class and I totally hated it ! This is the worst , yet ! I do n't understand why students have to read classics that people rarely understand ! I thought the book was pointless with nothing to look forward to while you 're reading . Many books have a strong structure and basis where you want to know what will happen next , which keeps you reading on . This story has no meaning and Charles Dickens is going no where with this . Not to mention the characters are just plaing weird . Where in the world did Dickens get a bizarre lady like Miss Havisham , who is practically ill in the head ? I would never recommend this book because it was boring , time consuming , and I can rarely consentrate on what I was reading . I 'm glad I got over reading this . I 'm sure the only people who read this book is the ones who are forced to , like myself . If I can give this book 's rating as a no star , I would . Too bad it only comes in 1-5 stars .
 TOO LONG , IT SUCKED !!
 i havent read it yet but it shows diskousting : -RRB- I hate this book and i hope my mates of aal < vasos > help me finisk it.Chill out
 this has got to be the worst book i have ever read . first off , for me , the storyline shure cured my insomnia . you will get bored from the first paragraph . his sentences are difficult to understand and very lengthy . my sugestion , borrow from the library before you consider buying this book .
 Charles Dickens and this book are very overrated . Charles Dickens does not make anysense in this book . Very confusing . The talks about the same subject forever . I skipped a whole chapter and he was still talking about the same thing . I give this book a minus 200 on a scale from 1-5 .
 Just think of all the trees cut down to make all the additions of this classicly boring novel . This ranks with Catch-22 and Huckleberry Fin as one of the worst novels yet published in the English language . Was there a plot ? No . Do n't kid yourself . The fool author made it up as he went along not caring if it made sense or if the characters had any meaning . I hate this novel with a passion so great it scares even me . I 'd like to see all copies burned . Okay , not really . That 's a little extreme . But , at least take this garbage out of school curriculums . Its ' making us stupid , making us believe Pip 's world is what the world really is . Pip if a fool that got dumped too many times and where 's the sex . Was Dickens scared of it . I believe that all great novels should have sex in them . It brings some humanity to them . Great Expectations is a fantasy on level with the Bible but worse , tragicly worse .
 Great Expectations was a mediocre book . I was not impressed . I had to read this book for my 9th grade honors English class . It was too long and boring . I see were Dickens was trying to go with the suspense , but it just made the book monotonous and boring . The uncanny coincidences just did not seem real . It 's ok to use a coincidence as a tool of suspense , but this was just overkill . Every chapter was boring . I got tired pretty quickly of pip wishing he were with Estella for the whole book . Also , the book seemed to stray away from the main point for chapters at a time . Who cares about Wemmick 's stupid plays ? This could all be summed up in a couple of page short story . In conclusion , this is another swing and a miss for Dickens . STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS BOOK ! If you want to read a good Dickens story , read `` A Christmas Carol '' and nothing else written by Charles Dickens .
 I read this book for my Honors English class and it was terrible ! There were so many irrelevant things that were going on that I had to force myself to read 2 chapters a day . The test for Great Expectations was hard because no one could understand the plot . Just imagine a bunch of straight A students getting an average of 75 % on the test . This book is outdated , and old English seems as if it is an entire different language . I would give this a negative rating if I could .
 On my home planet of Mars , books that we do not enjoy , we refer to as lunch . We had `` Great Expectations '' before the matinee last week . The matinee was `` Smoky the Cowhorse . '' It was Martian Thanksgiving , so `` Awful -LRB- great -LRB- yeah right ! -RRB- -RRB- Expectations '' was a good choice , because it is so freakin ' long , and low in cholesterol . I am on a strictly bad classics diet . The Martian Major Leagues starts today , so I grilled a warthog.One of the reasons that I found this book -LRB- in terms of literature , not food -RRB- so disturbing is because the Martian term for a hemmohroid is a pip . In terms of food , it could have used a bit more seasoning , like a trip to Denmark . Of course , they did n't actually go to Denmark . If instead of being named `` Magwitch '' the convict had been called Bozo the Clown , and gave Pip balloon animals instead of money , I would have enjoyed the book much more.But , the thing that ticked me off the most -LRB- and Auntie , too ! -RRB- was the way that Dickens never ended his sentences
 I was required to read this book for english class and I must say it is by far the worst book I have ever read . I know that it is supposed to be a `` classic '' but I just found it dull and uninteresting and just could n't get into it . I would not recommend it .
 This book was a very big disappontmet . I thought this book could have had a couple minor plot changes . I also thought the way the main charictor , Pip , transfored through his expectations was shallow and padanthic . To conclude , I belive that the chapters are cycled like story line with many charictors and an entire chapter with Pip talking to himself and talking about his expectations . Thank you for reading my review .
 Wow , had to buy this for class . It was , by far , the worse story I have ever read . Why would they make you read this for school ?! Run away !
 I started reading this over a month ago and I 'm still not finished . I ca n't get into it at all ! It 's like a really boring nightmare ! I mean , the parts that take place at Satis House are mildly interesting , but no part of it seems to be building up to anything . The story moves so slowly that at times you 'd swear it was n't moving at all , and , to be sure , at times , it is n't ! It 's just sitting there in its stupid rocking chair knitting and petting its cat by the fire , which is n't even burning ! OMG!You want to read something fast paced and interesting?Try Daniel White 's Hellstone , available right here at amazon.com -LRB- plug -RRB- . Now that 's a good book . White 's influences span the ages , and do n't skip Victorian , if that 's what you 're into , which you obviously are , or why would you be here?Don ' t get me wrong . I like Victorian literature . A Christmas Carol is a very good story , as is Dracula , and Frankenstein , and most of Poe 's works . It 's just this particular book that I do n't like ... and anything by Jane Austen.In conclusion , buy Hellstone . You 'll be happy you did .
 I have been a great reader my entire life , having read and enjoyed many classics as well as the modern books of today , but never in my life have I had such a difficult time getting through a book . I usually fly through novels within a few days , but getting through this one is likened to going through a maze in the dark . I give it two stars because I do think the plot was interesting , but the execution was abominably horrible . I actually had to have a dictionary next to me in order to understand all the weird words Dickens used , words such as ` peppercorny ' and ` farinaceous . ' Now , I usually pride myself on having quite an excellent English vocabulary , but I felt utterly lost when trying to read this book . Some of the dialogue was completely unfathomable and pointless , and about a quarter of the time I did not have a clue as to what he were talking about . Many of the characters were annoying , Mr. Pumblechook for example . I cringed during the chapter when he saw Pip , after Pip had become a gentleman , and the stupid man kept saying `` May I ? May I ? '' Ugh . There was so much this book could have done with out ; the endless pointless descriptions , the useless minor characters , and the stupidity of some of them was unbearable . What I mean by that is Miss Havisham 's voluntary reclusive existence ; I mean , how can somebody live like that without going completely insane , just sitting in the dark day after day , wearing the same clothes , and throwing her life away for a man who was only after her money ? Stupid and lame that was , if mildly noble -LRB- her behavior -RRB- . I can not understand why Dickens is so praised as a writer . His plot may be good in this book , but it is terribly written . I have made two attempts in my life to read this book . The first time , I got about halfway through and had to stop because it was about as enjoyable as plucking my eyebrows . A few years later , the second attempt got me to about the 42nd chapter , but again , my interest fizzled out . I do not think I will ever finish this book , and would only advise reading it if you have trouble sleeping , because it will knock you out fast . As a final note , I could not get through Oliver Twist either . Again , a great plot , but poorly written .
 Reading GREAT EXPECTATIONS as a 14 year old high school student in 1967 helped me acquire a clearer understanding of the concept of infinity . Eternity could never be as long as this book , which I endured to its soporific , boring end . I recommend it to hold up the end of a busted sofa !
 I hate this book . It is extremely boring and it is way too long . There are too many characters to keep track of and many of them are extremely similar . Do not read this unless forced to . I like to read , but this nearly put me to sleep . avoid at all costs
 You guys should never read this book everCharles Dickens just goes on and on trying to make a point that you can do in a sentence . He takes the whole chapter . I do n't recomend this for anyone . Only read it if forced to . It is not a good book .
 I was assigned to read this book for my English class and I have never read a more stupendously boring book.It 's almost 500 pages long and has a story that could be told in half that.A poor , young orphan has aspirations to one day be a respectable gentleman.Big deal . GE is a revered book but it lacks everything that makes a book truly great.There is very little theme or characterisation and the plot is virtually non existant.THe chapters are so long and meandering you have to force yourself to read them.You keep reading waiting for something , anything to happen . The characters are unlikable.Pip comes across as a snob who thinks he 's he 's better then those around simply because he has higher aspirations then they do.Ms.Havisham , a recluse who wears her old wedding dress and keeps her decayed , untouched wedding cake , is a weird , unappealing freak.And Estella is the dictionary definition of bitchy . Why do English students have to suffer by being made read thisboring , incomprehensible , overrated ` novel ' . I 'd rather watch paint dry then read this book again . Still , any insomniacs looking for a cure.This book 's for you .
 i am sorry but this book was boring , in my opinion of course . i was forced to read it in english . this is one of those books that i had to physically sit myself down and force myself to read it . i did n't like a majority of this book and i 'm glad we are done reading it .
 I simply expected this book to be greater than it was . It just was n't great , and that 's what I expected . It did not greatly exceed my expectations , but I should have expected that , since others told me to expect a not-so-great book .
 I enjoy Dickens , so when I decided to read Great Expectations , I had just that ... Great expectations . Unfortunately , this novel is the most boring tripe I 've ever read . The ` hero ' is nothing but a whiner with a ` poor me ' complex.Don ' t waste your time , read one of Dickens ' other books .
 To start this book is so dry it could catch on fire . Also description in the book , ha there is none to be spoken of . This book has been called Charles Dickens greatest novel , not even close , save your time , and money for buying a better book .
 I had to read this book for my English class and at first it was so boring ! It about a young boy named Pip and he is trying to find his true indentity . At the end of the first phase he goes to London to become a `` gentleman '' because that is what his benefactor wants -LRB- Pip does n't know his benefactor -RRB- . At the end of the 2nd phase , he finds out who his benefactor is . Those two phases in the book are really boring , but I think it gets better in the end . If you read this book I suggest that you just start in the third phase because the rest is boring .
 Boring , pointless story of a pathetic imbecile whose life seems to be not much more than a bizarre journey through an insane asylum . I just ca n't believe that this story was preceded by `` A Tale of Two Cities '' , which is an absolute masterwork of a historical novel - I can not believe they were written by the same person !
 I along with the rest of my freshman honors english class was forced to read this book . It was BY FAR the worst book I 've ever had to read . I along with half of my class could read no more than one page of it without falling into a deep slumber . I 'm getting sleepy just thinking about it . Anyway , if someone does want to buy this book for some strange reason , I hope that they do not have Great Expectations for it , because they will be very disappointed at the end when their expectations are n't fulfilled !
 On my home planet of Mars , books that we do not enjoy , we refer to as lunch . We had `` Great Expectations '' before the matinee last week . The matinee was `` Smoky the Cowhorse . '' It was Martian Thanksgiving , so `` Awful -LRB- great -LRB- yeah right ! -RRB- -RRB- Expectations '' was a good choice , because it is so freakin ' long , and low in cholesterol . I am on a strictly bad classics diet . The Martian Major Leagues starts today , so I grilled a warthog.One of the reasons that I found this book -LRB- in terms of literature , not food -RRB- so disturbing is because the Martian term for a hemmohroid is a pip . In terms of food , it could have used a bit more seasoning , like a trip to Denmark . Of course , they did n't actually go to Denmark . If instead of being named `` Magwitch '' the convict had been called Bozo the Clown , and gave Pip balloon animals instead of money , I would have enjoyed the book much more.But , the thing that ticked me off the most -LRB- and Auntie , too ! -RRB- was the way that Dickens never ended his sentences
 Charles Dickens ... when the name comes to mind at first we think of a great author , but this absolutely pointless book disgraces his name . It brings me down to the point of feeling sory for the trees to which this book had to be printed . This book is entirely over-rated and just due to dicken 's reputation for great work , we 're supposed to just read the trash and nod our heads ? Absolutely not . This book might be interesting to someone chained to a palm tree on a deserted island but to the remaining other i would tell them to not waste their time by reading this book .
 Well , I am reading this book in my english class at school , and it puts everybody to sleep ! First of all , if Estella hit me like she did pip , I would have hit her back !! All the women in this book seem like stuck up b **** es ! Even the movie was n't the best . I figured it would have made more sense than the book did , but I was wrong ! You can barely understand what they say ! Well , I just do n't like the book , or the movie . I think they were both stupid , and neither of them make sense !!
 I had to read this for honors freshman English , and now my AP English class is considering reading it again for whatever unGodly reason . In classical Dickens style , Chuck makes a good social commentary or stirs some good emotions , yet does it way too slowly . The plot speeds and dies down , goes somewhere sometimes and goes nowhere even faster more often , and brings up characters who have no real purpose . Dickens is accused of being `` wordy , '' and I see why
 I was forced to read this in school and despised it with a passion . I read it again recently , for some reason , and was surprised at how much I liked it . I guess the reason I did n't like the first time was because I was forced to read it ; it 's that ` Peace forced is tyranny ' mentality .
 Understood classic by others , but it bored me . Then again , I had to read this for school . I found it to lack in a real plot . I am a fan of Charles Dickens but this one was not good .
 I had to read this book twice
 I had to read this book this year for my English class . At first I was interested , when Pip was a child , but I quickly became sick and tired of it 's boring nature . I am in the honors program in my school , and we only had about 2 and a half weeks to read it , but it seemed like 2 and a half years . I was disappointed most because this massive plot builds up , and I was waiting for something to happen , but nothing really did . Furthermore , it was a bit hard to understand , especially since my mind was drifting , becuase it is hard to pay attention to this book .
 I did not have `` great '' expectations after reading some of Mr. Dickens other work -LRB- see my review of `` Tale of The Two Cities '' -RRB- . But someone told me they at least made a movie about this one so I figured I may as well give it a shot.Well lets just say that I wont be seeing the movie but I will admit that this one is at least better then the other book because it is just thick enough to balance out this wobbly dresser I have when I weged it under one of the legs.A better effort ! I give you a generous TWO STARS this time Charlie ! Youre getting there so keep trying !
 this sucks this is the most boring thing i ever had to listen to . I only listened to this because the book was worse . The book is terrible and I dont even see how peoplecould like it . What really makes itbad is that Dickens was paid by the word , so he wrote as much as possible so he could have a little spending money
 THIS IS BY FAR THE WORST BOOK I HAVE EVER READ !!!!!! do not read it unless u have to ! i had to read this book for english , and it made no sense and was absolutely terrible ! i would never recommend this book to anyone !
 This book has nothing to do with anyone expecting anything great , so I hate it ! This book is perhaps one of the greatest books of all time , but I hate it , because the title is misleading . What the Dickens does the author think he 's doing giving this book a title like that !?
 I ca n't i am required to read this book . Its endlessly boring ! The literature is just so boring and so dull ... . its mental torture to read this book , they should give this book to read for the prisoners in Guantanamo Bay for torture .
 this book was excruciatingly painful to read . when i read this book i finally understood the definition of the word infinity . i would recomend this book to friends who have insomnia or those who i absolutely despise .
 This book could have made a wonderful short story , but as a full length novel it lacks both and entertaining plot and characters that one can truly empathize with .
 I wanted to read Great Expectations with my Granddaughter who is getting a masters in humanities . They are going back to the classics . I never received the Great Expectations.The computer said it was sent but never showed up on my Kindle . I have a Kindle and I have also ordered products from my computer . I somehow found myself with two -LRB- 2 -RRB- accounts with Amazon . I could order books for my Kindle with one account and anything else with the other account . I have tried to straighten this out twice . The result of the last time was to close my Kindle account and the loss of all my books on my Kindle . I still am unable to order from my Kindle and now am also unable to order Kindle books from my computer . Which makes my Kindle completely useless , just a piece of garbage.While I 'm on the subject I recently ordered a book and received an E mail saying the bank refused to honor the credit card number . Some time ago I had notified Amazon of a new number that the bank had issued . They had gone back and used the old number . I straightened that out and then I received an E mail saying the Book was undeliverable and Amazon was issuing a refund -LRB- the address was right -RRB- . I may never receive that refund because they keep going back and using the old credit card number.I will never order anything from Amazon again .
 This book has a good story concept and Dickens writes well ... but the story would have been alot better had he not been paid by the word . His lengthy descriptions of mundane tasks serve to break the pacing of a novel that already barely dredges along .
 In the first twenty or thirty pages , I was pleasantly surprised by Dickens 's humor and had great expectations for his storytelling and prose-writing talent.I mean he is hailed as one of the greatest literary giants of English literature , as well as one of the most popular novelists of his time.But alas , my great expectations were dashed mercilessly , and I found myself - not unlike how Pip finds himself in the last portion of the novel - banging my head against the hard , boundless boredom that permeated the first 300 pages of non-drama , non-action , and non-story whose only saving grace was that it was not endless.In the beginning , Dickens sustains the story with action , and there 's nothing wrong with that as it makes the story more engaging . But aside from that in the first interminable and insufferable two stages of `` Pip 's Great Expectations '' that span exactly 300 pages , I was thoroughly disappointed in Dickens . Other than Pip getting rich all of a sudden , NOTHING happens
 I 'm a senior in high school and was asked to read this book for my AP English 12 class . While it had some parts that were somewhat interesting , overall I could n't get into the book . I could n't even finish the book , I was so bored with it . I do n't recommend it .
 I am an avid reader and enjoy reading most books . This book , however , I found exstremely boring and I constantly lost interest . There were very few interesting chapters and I was thrilled at finally finishing the book and moving on to another that was better . I can honestly say that this book was one of the worst books I have ever read and would never recommend it to anyone .
 Pages are all different size and roughly cut . A bit rubbish , really . This is not a reflection on the narative , which of course is well reviewed in general .
 I was forced to read this book in my English class this year , and I almost died . For a more thrilling read , try a dictionary or a phone book .
 Charles Dickens ReviewI think that this book was a little bit advanced for us to be reading there was way too many different characters and way to many character changes . If he would have kept the book simpler , it might have been a little bit easier to read and understand . It also would have helped if the author would have only given some of the characters one name instead of giving some people two names making it look like they were a completely different person , that was very confusing.It was good at the end when things finally started coming together and making a little more sense . One of my favorite parts was when Pip finally realizes that he is not meant to be a gentleman , and that he was meant to be a blacksmith . The major themes were the only thing that really helped me understand the book . I really didn &#65533; t like this book very much because I couldn &#65533; t really relate to it , therefore , I couldn &#65533; t understand it . I think that we should have read a book that was more modern and practical .
 This is my least favorite book . I was forced to read it for freshman honors English , or I would have stopped reading it . It has a good plot , but because Dickens was paid by the word , he added too many useless details . I really did n't enjoy dinner scenes that lasted for 17,000 chapters without revealing anything remotely important . However , the way the characters intertwined was fascinating . If you want to get the interesting part of the book , read the cliff 's notes . I 've also heard it 's a little less mind-numbing on tape . Only read the book if you 're going to be quizzed on it the next day . I do n't know if all Dickens is this bad , but I 'll not read any more of his books until I 'm forced to for my next English class .
 Great Expectations was not that great of a novel . I found it to be dull and a bit on the boring side . Charles Dickens wrote a novel about a boy who had a hard life , and in the end he was happy ... Big Deal !
 This book is not a book most people should read . I would n't call it horrible but it is intensly boring . Dickens takes a whole chapter to say something anybody could say in a sentence . Im in the eighth grade and am required to read it . At times i dont have a clue wats goin on but i get the basic gist of the story and plot . I only recommend this for reader lovers , highly advanced people in litereture and who can understand something not written in english .
 This book was very dull and boring . I was made to read it in English and I soon realized not far in that it was very boring . It 's not a good book for highschool readers . It is written in very dull and boring text . I mean the theme is great and all but the language and storyline stinks . I would not ever read this book again and if I had a choice to get this book or nothing i would n't get anything . It is n't a book to buy but for some odd reason is still have the one left from school . This book is quite possibly the worst book i ever read . If you are really interested in this book then go see the stupid movie or rent i from the library .
 Do not read this book . It is a form of painful torture ! If you have to read it for school buy the Cliff Note . Or if your instructor is on to that kind of thing , at least listen to the audio book . At all costs do not read this book ! Take it from someone who knows .
 You wo n't be needing a bookmark with this novel - more like a pillow ! I read this my freshman year of high school , maybe I was just too young to understand it and appreciate it , but I could not read the whole thing without falling asleep . After reading half the book , I read the cliff notes and actually found them more interesting than the novel itself . Unless you are suffering from insomnia , I would n't buy it .
 I had to read GE for my freshmen honors English class , and I thought Lord of the Flies was bad ! Dickens takes 1 paragraph to convey an idea that could have been said in 1 sentence ! Many of the vocabulary is just out of our time , and take the fun out of the story . Unless you have heaps of time and patience , I recommend that you stay away from this `` book '' .
 Great Expectations was a mediocre book . I was not impressed . I had to read this book for my 9th grade honors English class . It was too long and boring . I see were Dickens was trying to go with the suspense , but it just made the book monotonous and boring . The uncanny coincidences just did not seem real . It 's ok to use a coincidence as a tool of suspense , but this was just overkill . Every chapter was boring . I got tired pretty quickly of pip wishing he were with Estella for the whole book . Also , the book seemed to stray away from the main point for chapters at a time . Who cares about Wopsle 's stupid plays ? This could all be summed up in a couple of page short story . In conclusion , this is another swing and a miss for Dickens . STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS BOOK ! If you want to read a good Dickens story , read `` A Christmas Carol '' and nothing else written by Charles Dickens .
 I had to do this for school . I could hardly get through it . All they did was talk . It was long and boring . I HATED IT !
 The most boring book i 've read in ages . If it was n't for school I would never have read this book .
 This book was very boring . Details in a book make it interesting but the extended details in this book made it nausiating . This book had a very interesting plot and many good ideas but the way it was writen didnt appeal to most of the students in my school that read it . A poll was taken and about 73 % of the students in the school liked this book . What does that show about the book ?
 This book was literally the worst thing thats happened in my whole entire life.I was forced to read this long . boring book for english class and either fell asleep , or sat there and sared off into spce.THIS BOOK WAS HORRIBLE !!!!!!!!! The only GOOD thing about this book is that I hav found a new way to doze off without sum sleeping pills -LRB- just read the first two pages and WALLA ure fast asleep !!!!!!! -RRB-
 after reading this book i think dickens would benifit from very low expectations . and by that i mean a lot of people will be returning this book and giving bad reviews . all the classics always in my opinion , are very bad
 Let me see.I hate this book . It is a required reading for English , mostly to show the difference between Flat and Round characters . Well it worked ! Most of the characters in this book are flat ! Ugh.I ca n't get over how the plotine does n't even move normally . Its like when you want to drive somewhere and you hit a million and one detours . Eventually you 'd say , `` Screw it ! Who needs food ? '' But nooo ... Dickens just kept on driving around . I think only ONE subplot was actually straightforward , and that would be Miss Havisham and her ex lover.Basically , I got halfway through this book , then fled to Sparknotes . I was n't going to read it . I was just going to make sure I knew enough to pass the test I had to take on the garbage.Ironically enough , those of us who used Sparknotes got better test grades than those who actually read the book . That say something about how much sense it made ...
 This book by far is the worst piece of shi -- garbage I have ever laid my eyes on . The story has a skeleton , and a little bit of meat -LRB- and I like meat -RRB- , but mostly , it 's just fat . Especially the second stage of Pip 's expectations , which finds Pip devoid of any characterizations beyond `` I 'm rich and you 're not , '' and `` Oh , how I do love the lady Estella . '' It 's enough to make you vomit . Mr. Dickens should have made this a much shorter novel , or maybe even a short story . It still would have been boring , but maybe not as boring .
 A guy I work with read this book and it seemed like he was reading it for three years ! Every day he sat there with his legs crossed sipping his tea and reading Great Expectations , spending about an hour on every page ! What an aristocrat . It was brutal!Than I tried to read the book.I could n't get past the first stage or the first part or whatever because it was so f*cking boring i thought my f*cking head was going to explode ! NOTHING HAPPENED!That freak I work with did n't like it either.I 'm just surprised he could read the whole thing without completely losing his mind .
 AAH ! This book bored me to tears ... literally . Thanks to Charles Dickens and his array of b **** y women and the rest of the babbling morons , I never want to see that book again . It was thrown across the room many times in the course of my reading . Being forced to read that garbage did n't help much either . I do n't understand why honor english students have to be tortured with his 500 pages of nothingness . I had to get the monarch notes to be able to understand it all ! It made me feel like an idiot and maaaaaaybe if it was understandable and shorter ... . it would actually be good . MAAAAAAAYBE !
 I think Great Expectations was a very long , boring book that did n't have a plot . Dickens seemed to drag the story on and on . If the book was n't as long , it might have been better . I heard somewhere that Dickens got paid by the word and that is was there 's a lot of extra , stupid words in it . I also think that it was twisted because everyone was realted to each other .
 the book was boring , poopy , i did n't like it at all , had to read it for school , not a good time
 I must confess that this was the first book I 've read from Charles Dickens and did ` nt liked it.I believed that he would describe more profoundly the rigid class difference in the british society of the end of XIX century .
 Hi ! my name is Roy Chan and I am reading this when I 'm in 7th grade . I decided to read Great Expectations because I thought it has a lot of excitement . When I read it , it turn out okey but when I 'm in Chapter 6 it is boring and hard to understand . So I give it up . Maybe I do n't understand this book because I am too young . Maybe I will read this book again in 9th grade .
 I was forced to read Great Expectations because my Accelerated English teacher made us . I do not think the novel was very well thought out and was much too indecisive in many parts . Dickens did not seem to know really what he wanted to do with the plot . He even made two endings !!! He was much too descriptive and that made the story even more boring than its story line made it in the first place . I have heard that many people think this was his greatest book and that makes me wonder if they have read anything else by him because I do not think anyone could get much more boring !
 Well I read this book with some great expectations and I should n't have . I figured that it was going to be a wonderful book because of the author -LRB- wrong -RRB- Ihad to strugle just to read 2 pages without getting sleepy . Altough I have great respect for Dickens and all of his accomplishments , I did NOT like this book !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Last year as a Freshman in high school I was assiagned to read this book as a class project like many of the other critics who have already written their crities . Although I must admit that the book was in reality flat out boring and totaly lacking in point I would not recomend giving up on Dickens becuse of it . I can not with in any honesty recomend this book to anybody but I would eagerly recoment Dickens .
 I had to read this for a high school summer reading list . It was the worst reading experience I ever had , and I love reading books . I cried several times trying to plug through the long-winded -LRB- obviously Dickens paid by the word -RRB- presentation . While some themes are mildly interesting , there were no scenes that captured my attention or held it for any period of time . This book might be great as an adult -LRB- which I 'll gladly never know -RRB- , but definitely not as a 16 year old . Sucks sucks sucks.Note to Teachers and Principals , please do n't assign this to your high school students . There are so many better and more captivating books . This was the first book I ever read that truly took the joy out of reading for me .
 This page tells me next to nothing about this product . When I try to find out anything at all about this audio version , I ca n't . I ca n't see the back of the package , which would tell me something , because when I click `` see the back cover , '' it gives me the Norton Critical version , which is NOT this product . The reviews also are of the paperback version , NOT this product . Please provide adequate product information . Who is the reader ? Is there just one reader , or a cast ? What else have the reader -LRB- s -RRB- done in their careers ? Is this their first professional job ? How is the audio quality ? Etc. .
 I 'm just starting to read it but I 'm sure the novel will fulfill my `` great expectations '' . But I have to complain about the physical book . The pages came incredibly badly cut and the cover was thorn and damaged , as if it had been used for over a decade!Besides , the introductory study gives a lot of details and hints about how the story is going to end and I hate that !
 Put simply , Great Expectations is a wordy , convuluted , and overrated peice of trash . Written originally in different volumes and distributed to an excited Victorian republic , Dickens was able to make his audience care and feel for his odd , moving characters . He was the Stephen King of his day ; a clever businessman who distributed mediocre books to the public . That Dicken 's fever passed on from one generation to the next is fine , that this made Dicken 's books classics in schools is a shame . But let me get to the actual book at hand ! Yes , many characters in Great Expectations are original and interseting . Overall , however , Great Expectations is wordy -LRB- ! -RRB- , and painfully convoluted . It is often difficult to get through , and geared towards a certain audience only . This is not to say that everyone will dislike Great Expectations , but we live in an age -LRB- good or bad -RRB- of gritty realism . Authors like James Joyce and F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote with and still show a heavenly pen , Dicken 's stories are what turns so many young people against reading . Anyone who wants to live in a former era , Great Expectations is a must ; for anyone who wants a powerful , sophisticated read PLEASE put Great Expectations in the incinerator .
 This book was a large disappointment for me . I had seen the movie , and hoped that the book would be good . However , I was wrong . In fact , this book turned out to be one of the worst I have ever read . The book has too much description , not even important to the story . Dickens lost my interest in the book from the very first chapter , just a plain description of main character Pip 's history of his family and town . This chapter drags on for too long , as does the rest of the book . As an example , the character Estella 's rudeness towards Pip is repeated so often that it becomes annoying . I got the point of Estella 's bringing up and lifestyle early on in the novel , and this did not have to be repeated so often . This book could very well have been interesting , but Dickens did not do a good job writing it . His continuous decscrptions of such landscapes as rivers and trees are irrelevant to the story , and caused me to drift away from it . I do not reccommend this book to anybody , and advise you to avoid it . I , as well as many other people I know , could not even finish this book . It brought no interest to me , and it is too long , considering that it contained nothing attention-grabbing and no excitement . However , if you do insist on reading this book , please just get the cliffnotes . It is not a book worth buying .
 when I read this book . Honestly , after I liked `` A Tale of Two Cities '' I was expecting more from Dickens . Maybe Dickens wrote in the style of his time , which was to be very detailed , but it really does n't translate well to today . I do n't mind long books -LRB- I 'm reading War and Peace now -RRB- but this book went into extreme detail about the most meaningless things.This story was essentially a Victorian soap opera . Theres all sorts of unknown parents , secret coniving , mysterious benefactors , and worst of all , many unrealistic characters . This book was so contrived and unnatural that I really do n't see how it 's attained `` classic '' status.If you do n't mind meticulous attention being payed to the minutia , which is Dickens 's style , then I 'd recommend `` A Tale of Two Cities . '' If not , there are many other authors much better than Dickens that you can read .
 It is an insult to any reader who wants to enjoy Dickens 's books . It has been severely abridged -LRB- with a very inconspicuous mention of the fact -RRB- for no obvious reason . It also has an asinine foreword by some dubious character . Do not touch it if you like literature !
 I was assigned to read for my honours English class and I have never read a more stupendesely boring book.It 's a revered book but it lacks everything that makes a book truly great.It 's poorly written , uninteresting , the characters are unlikable , there is very little theme or characterization , the plot is virtually non-existent . The chapters are so meandering and pointless you have to force yourself to read it.English students should n't have to suffer by being made read this incomprehensible , boring , overrated ` novel ' . I 'd rather watch paint dry than read this book again.Still , any insomniacs looking for a cure , this book 's for you .
 I was assigned to read for my honours English class and I have never read a more stupendesely boring book.It 's a revered book but it lacks everything that makes a book truly great.It 's poorly written , uninteresting , the characters are unlikable , there is very little theme or characterization , the plot is virtually non-existent . The chapters are so meandering and pointless you have to force yourself to read it.English students should n't have to suffer by being made read this incomprehensible , boring , overrated ` novel ' . I 'd rather watch paint dry than read this book again.Still , any insomniacs looking for a cure , this book 's for you .
 I do n't know where to begin . The book never had me . I do n't think it ever actually tried to have me . It 's premise centers around a boy named Pip and his life in 19th century England . It 's only too bad that Dickens spends far too much time showcasing his prolific skills of writing in the English language and less time on any sort of a solid base for this specific novel . The reader feels absolutely no connection to any of the characters , most notably Pip or Joe . The one bright part of the book is Miss Havisham , who Dickens spends enough time with for us to empathize with her for her lonely life.The biggest problem of course , is it 's lack of commitment to any sort of theme . A great novel , as many would claim this is , must possess the language and have something to say . It seems , especially at the beginning , that Dickens is taking his stand against early Industrial Revolution labor practices . However , the book never really delves into that in any way shape or form . When Dickens chooses to describe Joe 's house or some other hovel , he persists to use the same kind of language as when he describes , for instance , Miss Havisham 's or Wemmick 's house . This book , on the whole , is as dry as Spanish sherry and is simply not meant for anyone who wishes to extrapolate anything of meaning from the books they read .
 It 's not worth it , even with the low price of 1.99 . You 're better off getting the free version . The only thing you 're going to get is a couple of illustrations and there is no link for a free audio book like it says there is .
 I bought this and the Van Der Heijden book together and found this book very frustrating to read . There is some good practical writing in the first section of the book , which describes the basics of scenario planning and how scenario planning and strategic planning work together . If this is where the book stopped , it would have rated much higher . The rest of the book is almost a total write-off though.The examples and case studies read like a patched-together compilation of other people 's writings . There are huge differences in style , voice , and detail which make the examples difficult to compare and contrast . Actually , it makes them difficult to read . The balance of the book would really have benefitted from a re-write and some further research into the examples and case studies.If you are interested in developing and using scenarios check out the Van Der Heijden book - `` Scenarios - the Art of Strategic Conversation . '' Also , `` the Art of the Long View '' by Peter Scwartz is a great introduction to developing and using scenarios .
 This review is for the illustrated edition -LRB- I give five stars to the regular , text-only edition -RRB- . I was curious about what adding illustrations to The Elements of Style would do , so I borrowed the book from our library . The illustrations found in the book whose authors fondly refer to as `` The Little Book '' are contrary to the advise found in the book
 I need a resource , not a coffee table book . The font is hard to read . The pictures do not seem to make sense with the content , and it is hard to find the rule you need . Grrr.If they are going to jazz this gem up , they need to remember that we * use * this book . The artwork should complement and aid the understanding , not confuse the reader.Blah.Why a dog on the cover ? Why ????
 Look folks , read the publisher 's blurb about this book . Especially pay attention to the part where it quotes Whatshername describing herself , or her work , or some such thing . Apparently she has n't even learned that sentences are supposed to contain verbs.Seriously , this books is a travesty . The publishers have taken one of the greatest books on writing in English and have trivialized it by adding illustrations that profit little and editorial changes that destroy the book 's original integrity . Please buy the original instead of this edition .
 If you want to see the clean , elegant prose of the true Strunk & White turned into a mamby-pamby of gender-inclusiveness and political correctness , buy this book.If you want silly , pointless illustrations randomly scattered around your manual of style , then by all means , spend far more than you need to.Otherwise , forget this book and buy the real one !
 I have my own artistic musical compositions posted at various sites -LRB- they were available here at Amazon , but I think that the free amateur MP3 section has been eliminated -RRB- , and it hurts my feelings when people speak poorly of them , so I will not comment on the quality of the paintings by Maria Kalman that are used in this edition of The Elements of Style , or criticize her ability as an artist . She 's apparently successful as an illustrator of children 's books , and best wishes to her . I will say , however , that my late uncle Al , who specialized in murals in the basements of neighbors , was far superior in technique.My complaint is that , why does The Elements of Style , being a manual for English grammar and punctuation , contain any paintings in it at all ? Just how does that improve the book 's utility ? You are searching for assistance on some thorny point of punctuation , and you turn the page , and instead of examples , there 's an Uncle Al painting . It 's the worst idea since stamps you have to lick.What next ? Watercolors in anEngine Manual ? Abstract expressionism in the set-up instructions for your new camcorder ? Perhaps Ms. Kalman 's next assignment will be to illustrate theBook of Random Numbers.I would assume that this edition is being marketed as something suitable as a gift , but I can assure you that whomever you give this to would much rather have $ 10 and a used edition of the plain book .
 The Elements of Style is , hands down , my favorite book of English usage . It is as pure and simple and perfect as a reference book can be . That is , simple , not simple-minded . This much lauded illustrated edition , with its simple-minded illustrations , is yet another sad example of the dumbing down of western culture . In Will Strunk 's time this sort of treatment , if it existed at all , would have been intended for children below the age of six or seven . It 's current target reader is apparently the developmentally challenged adult . While we all sympathize with those struggling with learning disabilities , it is pathetic that such a degradation of a classic work is received with respect . My four year old grandson finds the illustrations to be as he says , `` pretty stupid '' . Of course , he is a child of normal intelligence , and is thus at a critical disadvantage in a world designed for the lowest common denominator .
 Why have I been required to buy -LRB- let alone read -RRB- a poorly-illustrated book for a college class ??? What a strange world in which we live . Fifty years ago the very idea of this book would have been ridiculed ; today it is lauded . I yearn for the past .
 It says illustrated , in my table of contents , but it is not . I only purchased this to have the illustrated version .
 My review is based on the content ... . it 's mostly about &#34; how to &#34; write the &#34; correct way &#34; , and the current &#34; rules &#34; of literature . I 'm sorry , but times have changed , and some of the things expressed in this book are simply not said/written in modern society .
 I could 've done without the illustrations in this edition of the Elements of Style . Also , they 've put the page numbers on the inside margins of the pages . So if you look up a reference in the index , you then have to open the book wide to find the page number , which should be placed on the outer margin where it 's easy to spot as you flip through.All I wanted was the Elements of Style , which is a great book . I 'll buy the normal edition . This one is irritating .
 The illustrations are pleasant , even beautiful at times . I agree , however , with some of the other reviewers who were disappointed because the illustrations add little to the original Strunk and White classic . What is the point of illustrating examples such as , `` Somebody else 's umbrella '' and other snippets of grammatical examples that in illustrated form are out of context and irrelevant to the book 's purpose ? Do we really need an edition of Strunk and White for the sake of whimsey ? The book is a tool for writers and is beloved for decades for a reason . The addition of illustrations feels like an exercise in distraction .
 In theory , I would completely approve of the idea of enlivening this useful classic writing guide with illustrations . However , having examined this particular edition , I ca n't get past the horrifying error at the top of page 147 , in which the spelling `` principle '' is substituted for the correct form of the adjective `` principal , '' as in `` main , '' or `` chief . '' This passage is supposedly from the introduction to the book 's first edition by William Strunk , Jr. , who would have made no such mistake . -LRB- It is however a common one , to judge by its appearance in at least one of the Amazon reader reviews of this book -RRB- . Did n't anyone at The Penguin Press proofread this book ? To introduce this type of basic error into a revered reference book is an unforgiveable disservice to the masters of writing . Strunk and White must be rolling over in their graves ...
 While I appreciate Wright 's defense of Paul as a faithful expositor of the teaching 's of Christ , his book , as with all Covenantal Nominism undermines the gospel of our Lord.Justification is indeed about how one is saved , not merely who is included in the covenant . While Wright brings helpful insight into the mind of a 1st century Jewish convert , he overstates his case by attacking the orthodox and historic Christian understanding of justification by faith apart from works . Serious consideration of Romans 5 is not given in this book , and the Lutheran/Reformed/Evangelical understanding of justification as the foresnic imputation of Christ 's righteousness to undeserving sinners is scoffed at as unscholarly.But nothing could be further from the truth . Those who do get this book , I must recommend you also purchase `` Counted Righteous in Christ '' by John Piper , and exegetical defense of the orthodox understanding of justification .
 Wright begins with E.P. Sanders ' conclusion that the church has misread Paul because they did not understand the nature of 1st century Judaism . E.P. Sanders however is consistent with his conclusion and his interpretation of Paul . He sees that Paul 's view of justification would not fit into his findings on 1st century Judaism . Sanders concludes that Paul did not understand 1st century Judaism as well as he does . Arrogant but consistent.Wright is not willing to go as far as saying he understands 1st century Judaism better than a 1st century Jew of Paul 's status . Therefore Wright is forced to do extremely poor exegesis to come up with the trash that is in this book.Wright states that the evangelical view of justification comes from the Reformation rather than from Paul . According to Wright we do n't have a personal guilt before God and therefore we do n't need to be justified in the traditional sense . It does not take someone of Wright brilliance to see that the `` reformed view of justification '' was present much earlier than the reformation . It takes little effort to find it in the early church fathers of the 2nd and 3rd century.I feel Wright is more concerned with being recognized as a brilliant scholar than doing sound scholarly work . He longs for the status of being considered one of the top five theologians and realizes he can not support traditional views and obtain this status.He is arrogant like Sanders to believe that he is the only one to get Paul right in almost 2000 years of interpreting Paul . Wright has demonstrated that he is capable of putting out great books but this is not one of them .
 I was interested to understand what N. T. Wright had to say since he is so controversial . The first thing that struck me was his very obtuse style of communication . He really could cut out 50 % of the repetitive jargon and cut to the chase . I 'm thinking his is the British style.Some of his ideas regarding the Covenants are interesting i.e. Jesus initiated the new Covenant thereby restoring what paganism and Judaism were SUPPOSED to be . OK ... I can go with that . But I sense a mite too much triumphalism is his theology . What ... so very little text devoted to atonement , wrath , SIN ? Odd . A large part of his thrust seems to be that Christians are to be devoted to taking back the world so it can be restored . Funny I thought restoration was God 's job.And here 's a clincher that something odd is up -LRB- pg . 158 -RRB-
 Crots had a good idea , but I think she used the wrong methods to get the message across . Most of the pages tell about what `` Daniel '' does n't do - or points out negative behavior . Why not make the message using positive behaviors ? I think it would be more encouraging and more interesting if a more positive attitude were taken . For instance - `` Daniel does not put his fingers in his mouth or up his nose . '' That spreads germs ! '' says Crots . True , but a little stomach turning in description.The wording is n't colorful enough to hold a small child 's attention .
 This is a reprint of a book first issued in 1930 . It does have some fascination , for instance in the comparison of gas vs. oil lighting for your workspace . For my purposes as a beginner looking for basic methods for mechanical watch cleaning and repair , it was practically useless.It gives equal time to fusee and Geneva watches and may well be of interest to an experienced person looking for a glimpse into the past , but not reccomended as a `` practical handbook . ''
 I have to warn any person who may be buying this for the artwork . As much as there needs to be a new book on the collection at the National Portrait Gallery , this book is sadly not that book.All . 912 . pages.are . Black and white.NO COLOR!Why would they do this ?! I saw this at a local bookstore and all but ripped it off the shelf in my haste to finally get my hands on this long awaited book . My jaw fell open as I flipped in growing dismay.The images are tiny , like postage stamps and only black and white ! Only a true scholar would get any sort of benefit from this . And frankly , the internet could be used as a valuable reference tool for that at a lot cheaper price.There needs to be a book like this , 900 pages or so with at least 60 percent in color . The works of art demand that much to be appreciated fully . This is yet another one of those ` trick ' art books in which you find a majority of black and white images , a real pet peeve of mine.Buyer beware .
 I purchased this book without reading the 1-star reviews - BIG MISTAKE . I should 've have read it because not only would I have not bought the book I would 've realised that this book has baseless hadiths and basically spreading lies .
 The hadith in this book is fictional . It captures a feeling not fact . If I would have known what I know now , I would have gotten `` The Sealed Nectar '' instead isbn
 -LRB- Just to be fair , I am not judging the entire book ; I am only talking about few pages from here and there within the book that I did read ... if there was a least one unauthentic story every few pages that I did read , I can not imagine the rest of the book to be any better -RRB- ... I purchased the book from the great comments , and as I was scanning through the pages -LRB- before reading the book -RRB- , & I found unauthentic stories.One as an example , on page 29 , she claims that Allah told Prophet Mohammad in a Hadith `` were it not for you , I would not have created the universe '' . ?? That goes against the principle of Islam ... and it is unauthenticAlso , I found her when she was explaining about the when Prophet Mohammed Took over Mecca after they were thrown out and -LRB- to the nearest meaning to what she wrote -RRB- `` Prophet Mohammed picked him and got Bilal on top of Kabaa and that Bilal saw the havens . '' I do n't understand where the author got this information from.I want to advice my dear respected author to please review your work with a Sunni scholar . I am sorry but I had to give it a one star .
 This book lacks scholarship , and therefore , is not for serious reading on the life of Mohammed AS . The teachings of Islam and Mohammed have set an everlasting harmony between the concept of justice and social order , for an ideal form of world-order that we are nervously after . The speed and mutational dexterity with which Mohammed 's movement took off , and provided desperately needed reformations to a society notoriously characterized as Jahilia , is missing.In general , I would like to mention that the information presented by the authors , is a feeble attempt to invoke the spiritual component of Islam and makes no effort to delve into the crux of the inherent power that its message generates , in addition to the thought provoking disposition it imparts to the society . In short , Quranic Islam , and not any home grown version of it , has the potential to take another one billion in its fold . Success of Mohammed 's message echoed through justice , respect , human rights , and peaceful co-existence , focused on all the fundamental needs of society . In essence Islam offers a complete way of life , that no other religion does.There are a lot of inaccuracies and unnecessary and mostly fabricated details about events that do not provide any positive effect on the reader . Historically important aspects are either masked under illusionary details or misleading . The authors forget that Mohammed was sent to reform mankind through his teachings and training . His life is to be valued as exemplary , flawless and superior to any one in the mankind.Towards the end , the authors talk about the succession to Mohammed , a highly controversial issue . It is interesting to note that the explanation they provide , in defense of how and why Abu Baker was the right choice turns out to be vague and unconvincing . In that same segment concerning Mohammed 's last pilgrimage they quote him as saying `` of whomsoever I am master , Ali is his master '' . There are two problems here . First , the translation that they have is incorrect . Second , Mawla in the original statement is implied to represent master/vicegerent in a similar manner that Aaron was to Moses . This hadith is universally accepted -LRB- Al Tabari and Ahmed b. Hambal -RRB- . Another attention-grabbing component about this book is that it is loaded with Ali Ibn Abi Talib 's great achievements and contributions to Islam and Mohammed . In a similar context , Abu Baker and Umar are also mentioned but subliminally . In fact , there are sections about Umar that are disturbing and repugnant -LRB- See pages 133-134 of this book -RRB- . After reading it , one is at a loss to understand how this behavior is acceptable in accordance to Islamic standards . Quran , according to Maududi has established very high standards in defining the required characteristics of a Kalifa.There are unlimited sources available to address these issues . The task is simple for a person with an open mind and a strong desire to seek the truth.For an unbiased in-depth understanding of this crisis I suggest Ibn Ishaaq , Ibn Yacubi , Al Tabari , Maududi , Al Tijani , and SHM Jafri to name a few .
 This book lacks scholarship , and therefore , is not for serious reading on the life of Mohammed AS . The teachings of Islam and Mohammed have set an everlasting harmony between the concept of justice and social order , for an ideal form of world-order that we are nervously after . The speed and mutational dexterity with which Mohammed 's movement took off , and provided desperately needed reformations to a society notoriously characterized as Jahilia , is missing.In general , I would like to mention that the information presented by the authors , is a feeble attempt to invoke the spiritual component of Islam and makes no effort to delve into the crux of the inherent power that its message generates , in addition to the thought provoking disposition it imparts to the society . In short , Quranic Islam , and not any home grown version of it , has the potential to take another one billion in its fold . Success of Mohammed 's message echoed through justice , respect , human rights , and peaceful co-existence , focused on all the fundamental needs of society . In essence Islam offers a complete way of life , that no other religion does.There are a lot of inaccuracies and unnecessary and mostly fabricated details about events that do not provide any positive effect on the reader . Historically important aspects are either masked under illusionary details or misleading . The authors forget that Mohammed was sent to reform mankind through his teachings and training . His life is to be valued as exemplary , flawless and superior to any one in the mankind.Towards the end , the authors talk about the succession to Mohammed , a highly controversial issue . It is interesting to note that the explanation they provide , in defense of how and why Abu Baker was the right choice turns out to be vague and unconvincing . In that same segment concerning Mohammed 's last pilgrimage they quote him as saying `` of whomsoever I am master , Ali is his master '' . There are two problems here . First , the translation that they have is incorrect . Second , Mawla in the original statement is implied to represent master/vicegerent in a similar manner that Aaron was to Moses . This hadith is universally accepted -LRB- Al Tabari and Ahmed b. Hambal -RRB- . Another attention-grabbing component about this book is that it is loaded with Ali Ibn Abi Talib 's great achievements and contributions to Islam and Mohammed . In a similar context , Abu Baker and Umar are also mentioned but subliminally . In fact , there are sections about Umar that are disturbing and repugnant -LRB- See pages 133-134 of this book -RRB- . After reading it , one is at a loss to understand how this behavior is acceptable in accordance to Islamic standards . Quran , according to Maududi has established very high standards in defining the required characteristics of a Kalifa.There are unlimited sources available to address these issues . The task is simple for a person with an open mind and a strong desire to seek the truth.For an unbiased in-depth understanding of this crisis I suggest Ibn Ishaaq , Ibn Yacubi , Al Tabari , Maududi , Al Tijani , and SHM Jafri to name a few .
 When I picked up this book , I thought it would be about a new ship that was once again exploring the Genesis planets like in Star Trek III . However , I was MAJORLY DISAPPOINTED.It is yet ANOTHER novel that is not needed for this story . There should have been only 2 books in this storyline . Once Maltz and Carol Marcus were gone -LRB- I 'm not even going to whine about Saavik not being in this story ! -RRB- , then it should have ended nicely.This novel seems very forced ! `` Let 's mix in all the characters that were introduced in the earlier books , so we can call it Genesis ! '' There is NO EXCITEMENT and NO INTERESTING SUBPLOTS . I skipped through most of the story to only see how Picard 's team handled this new adventure.Save your money , folks ! Discover the relaunch of Deep Space Nine and Voyager instead !
 There is good science fiction out there . There are good Trek novels . This is n't them . This was awful.It started out interestingly enough . The author explores in depth a number of characters on an non-Federation planet . We see a new culture , and new people . But even here there are a lot of missed opportunities . The culture is not delved into ; we see few differences in culture other than what you might find on earth . Indeed , this culture is about as different from 20th century American culture as 20th century England is . It is written like a TOS episode , without a great deal of imagination.The book goes downhill from there . There are few explanations for the events which follow . Characters are not believable , and amazingly flat . I have no idea why most of them did what they did . The Enterprise shows up at the last second , and I think saves the day , but there was no point to include them , other than that this is a Star Trek novel . There are scenes of amazing gruesomeness , which one does not usually find in a Trek novel or show - and there is no point to their inclusion . Except perhaps to claim to be cutting edge by being gruesome . I 'm reading this novel , thinking that there are only about ten pages left - how are they going to satisfactorily resolve everything ? Sure enough , they resolve everything - and it 's anything but satisfactory . It 's like there was a page limit , and the author realized that there were only ten pages to finish up the story , so lets come up with any old way to fix things.The first half of the novel is in-depth ; the second half rushed and confusing . I feel like I wasted an evening .
 Although I am a fan of all the Star Trek TV series , I only read the occasional Trek book . If this book is typical or considered fine , I 'm glad I have n't read more . The characters were flat , much of the dialogue bland - and this based on characters with rich , complex development from TV ! I realize that authors ' have limited liberty to work with the main characters from the series , but numerous times I nearly set the book aside out of disappointment . Spoiler Alert ! Quick - how do we save Deanna from the monstrous serpent ? How else
 Frankly , I would have been glad to see the whole `` Genesis Device '' concept die with `` Star Trek III
 Well , it 's my OWN opinion ... and nobody must agree with me ... but why the writters almost always must -LRB- ? -RRB- do strange or sometimes just stupid things with Alexander ?? It 's disgusting.Why they could n't do something like that with anyone else :--LRB- ? To add , this book have poor plots , and only merely describe the Aluwnans . There are my thinks after my first reading-maybe when I reach for this book again , I 'll be in better mood , and will write here about `` Genesis Force '' sth more positive .
 I picked up this book because it dealt with a subject that I knew little about . While I am glad to have learned something about the events depicted , I felt that the presentation was substandard . The subplots were pointless and distracting , the writing was almost juvenile , the characters were unrealistic and one-dimensional . Everything was black or white -- the participants in the rebellion were demi-gods fighting a holy war , the English and their sympathizers were the personification of evil . Not the stuff of a `` good read '' , despite the interesting subject matter .
 Want a good mini series ? Start out on the decks of the Titanic , add a scandalous affair between a priest and an abused wife , force the hero to chose between the stuffy beauty and the golden hearted prostitute , add lots of arguments , and conclude with gunfire . Sound familiar ? 1916 was a great concept . The poet warriors ' futile battle with the British could have spun like Braveheart , but it became a very slow - moving Gun Fight At The OK Corral .
 Although it is interesting to read about the historical background of the figures in the Easter rising , the contrived plot and relationships are outrageous . It 's bad enough that the news media loves to publish every story about wayward priests , but please spare my having to read about it from an Irish author . Then the choice between the snooty girl and the prostitute just kills me . I would have expected much better than this . Trinity by Uris is far more realistic .
 Mr Llywelyn may very well be a very thorough historian , as is evidenced by his intricate knowledge of Irish culture and hardships of the turn of the century , but he fails miserably to bring these events to light within the context of a third person narrative . The biggest single problem with 1916 is in the loose characterization . For instance , the protagonist , a fifteen year old Irish boy , is privy to insights into human nature that most very mature adults have no clue about . At one point , Llywelyn states that Ned -LRB- the boy -RRB- cringes each time he sees a particular character because he senses that the brightest candles burn out the quickest . This thought is occurring to a lad who just months before was daydreaming of pirtates attacking the cruise ship he was on . Oh yeah , did I mention that the ship was named the Titanic ? If not for the gross inaccuracies in character response and interaction this novel may have been enjoyable as well as informative .
 Never have I been so bored by a novel set in Ireland . While I found the historical aspect to be informative , the story itself was tedious and silly , with the most contrived fictional characters . I struggled to pick this book up each night -LRB- rather than put it down -RRB- . I would rather read a straight history book and visit Dublin for my facts , and leave the Irish fiction to Emma Donoghue and even Maeve Binchy .
 I am not as familiar with Irish history as other readers of the book and I was looking forward to learning a great deal . I worked hard to pick out the history between the unfaithful wife , the priest , the prostitute , etc. . Why did Morgan insist on writing it this way ? Was it to pander to the masses ? If so -- and that 's OK -- why bother being in the historical fiction section . why not just go for the steamy romance section of the grocery store ?
 If tortured prose is to your taste , by all means pick up this exemplary model of how to bore a reader to tears with forced , plodding , contrived exposition . The historical facts are razor sharp ; the writing style underwhelms with dullness .
 Morgan Llywelyn 's 1916 seems to have strong potential ; one can hardly hope for more engaging material than the background of the Easter Rebellion , yet the book attempts to do too many things , and ends up doing none of them well . The main character , a fictional teenager named Ned Halloran quickly becomes the Forrest Gump of this novel -LRB- this is NOT a complement -RRB- . He magically appears whenever something important happens , and is immediately brought into the deepest levels of the most secret plans . In spite of his being a newcomer to the republican movement he is a first-hand witness of every secret meeting of the rebellion 's leaders . Fear of informers was so great that the rebellion was kept secret from many that were actually participating in it , and yet Ned , a mere teenager , knows all and sees all.The characters , both Ned and the non-fictional , come across at best as mediocre characters lacking depth , at worst as cliches . the dialogue is often forced . Main characters who are well-acquainted with information will begin talking in the most basic terms soley for the benefit of the reader . At times a character will , without any provocation , sum up four years of history in conversation just to let the reader know some -LRB- often unimportant -RRB- details . While some of this information is essential for a complete understanding of the book , there are better ways of bringing it across . Perhaps it would flow better of the novel concentrated on the elemnts pretaining to the rebellion more , at the expense of rather lackluster personal trials of Ned Halloran . When Ned has to choose between Mary , a pro-British , pro-Union , girl he meets , and Sile , the prostitute with a heart of gold , one wonders what takes him so long to reject Mary , with whom he never had anything in common at all . Worse still is Ned 's acquisition of `` Precious '' , an infant half stolen , half-abandoned , that manages to become his .1916 is certainly well-researched , and , with some minor exceptions -LRB- namely a few comments about Bulmer Hobson -RRB- , historically accurate -LRB- when one discounts the actions of the fictional characters -RRB- . Unfortunately , this , by itself , does not make a good book . Someone interested in these events would do better to read Peter de Rosa 's novel `` Rebels '' , which forgoes the frivilous fictional characters instead shining the spotlight on Pearse , MacNeill , Clarke , Casement , and the other men who really were important to this period . Those who would really like to learn about the Rising need only look at Llywelyn 's bibliography for some facinating material . Caulfield , Edwards , and MacArdle are all good places to start . Her bibliography may be the most rewarding part of 1916 .
 Ms. Llywely 's novel about the Easter Rising is an embarrassment to this pivotal event in Irish history . While her historical research is solid -LRB- and documents with brief footnotes -RRB- , the story itself is contrived -- full of cardboard characters who seemingly pop up at every important event during the period in question . The book itself amounts to little more than a soap opera , and a badly written one at that .
 I had high expectations when I bought this book . I had heard good things about Morgan and was excited about reading something about the Rising that added some drama , unlike the strickly factual interpretations I have read in the past . What I learned from reading 1916 however , is that the Easter Rebellion needs no dramatization or embellishment . The Titanic , a broken priest , a prositute heroine , are things that simply detract from what is one of the more telling stories of modern times . The book was n't completely without merit . The truths it did decide to deal with , it dealt with accurately .
 Is n't this equivalent to Bill Gates writing a book about surviving on $ 5/day or Shaquille O'Neal writing a book about improving your free throw percentage ? I mean seriously , who has proven he knows less about defense than Keno Davis ?
 This is a book to be avoided by aficionados , since it is very basic and general in its approach and adds absolutely no new information to that which can be found in previously published books and magazine articles.The author would have done better by presenting this book as a personal diary rather than a book which is supposed to supply information as to why Cubans are `` The Ultimate Cigars . ''
 The part of this book that deals strictly with cigar brands and characteristics of those brands is ok , but could use more detail and more photos . Unfortunately , the author devoted too much space to a very shoddy synopsis of Cuban history . Instead of enlightening the reader , the author made clear his own lack of background in Cuban history ; since this is n't supposed to be a history book , perhaps the author could have either left out that section , or had someone more qualified write it . Disappointing .
 This is not the original Moosewood cookbook I owned in the late 1970 's / early 1980 's . That cookbook contained a Cashew Chili recipe -LRB- that called for tomato juice -RRB- that was awesome and the reason I for which I had purchased this one . But it 's not in there ! Anyone out there have it ?
 I did n't get too much out of this book . I imagine if someone was just looking for dates that does not require details , it would be okay .
 As an amateur fur trade historian , I was interested in this brief illustrated introduction to the Canadian fur trade for elementary students . Unfortunately , the book has far too many errors to be useful . For example , fur trader Daniel Harmon was said to have married an Indian chief 's daughter -LRB- in fact , he married Elizabeth Duval , a Metis -RRB- ; David Thompson 's biography is hopelessly muddled ; and the wrong dates are given for the arrivals of both Alexander Mackenzie and Simon Fraser at the Pacific Ocean . Sometimes the text entirely misses the point
 This is the kind of ambitious undertaking that should have been done by someone with deep expertise in the field and * then * checked by specialists in each of the dialects , or written by a team of experts . Unfortunately , it seems to have been written by one person and then not checked by anyone . It 's full of bizarre claims and errors ; if you speak or specialize in one of the dialects of English that is not shared by the author , you 're sure to find a host of linguistic -LRB- and sociolinguistic -RRB- errors and errors of omission . That is , he states things that just are n't true , and he does n't mention critical information . Look for another book on the topic -- do n't get this one .
 This is the second torn book I have received from Amazon . Both books were brand new and in excellent condition EXCEPT for a razor-cut through the first 50 or so pages , including the cover . I am becoming increasingly worried about Amazon 's quality control . I know I could send the book back , but the truth is , they should get it right the first time .
 Webster was a social novelist and this is -LRB- I believe -RRB- his second book . He wrote much better works later , including some fine mystery novels , and it is an awful shame that this is his only work that remains in print . Try to find a copy of JOSEPH GREER AND HIS DAUGHTER , or WHO IS THE NEXT ? instead .
 God knows I love Ayn Rand for the honesty and precision of her intellect , but she sure was a weirdo ! This dull , uninspiring tripe about a man trying to get a grain silo built was her favorite book of all time ! The only reason this book still exists in print is that her slavish devotees mimic her opinions and tastes to the letter .
 This book is important for the historian who wishes to get a glimpse into the workings of the mind of an important figure in American Revolutionary history , but it does n't stand on its own . It is written almost entirely as a response to Edmund Burke 's `` Reflections on the Revolution in France '' , so I would not recommend reading this one until and unless one has read that one . Otherwise , it is impossible to judge the fairness of the rebuttals of Burke 's points , as one only sees them through Paine 's perspective , and Paine is far from a fair and impartial debater ; he misses no opportunity to belittle his opponent 's arguments , and even his opponent himself . I would not be at all surprised to discover that he gives an inaccurate picture of what Burke had to say , particularly given that history speaks rather better of Burke 's misgivings than of Paine 's panegyrics . Both books were written before the Reign of Terror that resulted from the revolution in 1793 ; the second part of this book came out in early 1792 . Also , history shows us just how silly some of Paine 's claims for a Republican , representative government are
 This book , above all others , reveals the breakdown of classical -LRB- libertarian -RRB- liberalism into the statist liberalism of today . Although the first part of the work , being a refutation of Edmund Burke 's silly nonsense , is stellar , and is well worth reading . Regardless , the second part , the chapter on `` Ways and Means '' in particular , is composed of the most despicable , anti-liberty doctrines that one can find . What Paine basically proposed was a late 18th century form of the welfare state , replete with progressive taxation , subsidies for child birth , and other fine statist amenities . Thus , as all of these things are , in his words , to be claimed as rights , the title of this book comes to mean nothing whatsoever . It is indeed sad that Thomas Paine has gained such an enduring legacy as a friend to liberty . In truth , he is actually one of its worst enemies , as he combines a just zeal for resistance to oppression , revolution , and reason , he sabotages his entire political philosophy .
 Let me start off by saying I am a huge fan of the sci-fi genre , alas , Space ships and warp drives do not a good sci-fi novel make . The story is borderline hilarious and it feels like one of those incredibly corny sci-fi channel B movies
 I am not sure if the 5 star reviewers and I read the same book . I will not go into a lengthy and detailed synopsis of this book . You can read that in other reviews and I feel like I have spent enough of my time on this novel . The premise of this book was very interesting but the character development was non-existent . I was not invested in ANYONE and most of the characters were one-dimensional and the epitome of clich&eacute; . I did enjoy his writing style however and you can tell that he did a lot of research to get the science right . I just wish that the ending were better or maybe more fulfilling . I do not think that I will be reading any more of his novels .
 Baxter has some reasonable sci-fi ideas but they 're wrapped in such cardboard characters that the whole book is in danger of collapse . He has only three basic characters
 I read and enjoyed `` Flood '' and purchased this sequel with high hopes . However , where `` Flood '' was a page-turner , `` Ark '' was a long slog through deep mud.The story branches out into a number of substories that are more filler than anything else , and have nothing to do with the main storylines . I admit that I skimmed the second half of the book , and I 'm glad that I did . The payoff was absolutely not worth it.Read and enjoy `` Flood '' -LRB- which despite what some reviewers have written , has nothing to do with global climate change -RRB- , but I suggest avoiding this unnecessary sequel .
 I 've long been a fan of Baxter 's work , especially the earlier stuff , despite his cardboard cutout characters , because the science carried the day.In this book , the science is strong , but Baxter has been trying for a few years to do drama well , too , and he just ca n't hack it . I started getting a little repulsed while reading Manifold
 I bought this book based on the description found on a book club 's web page - which mentioned nothing about a `` Flooded Earth Scenario '' . So , the book arrives , and it turns out that ARK is nothing more than another `` out there '' propaganda piece churned out from one of the graduates of the `` Al Gore Institute for the Literary Insane '' .
 200 cards ? hehehe ok forget about that . the book i dont like it . each card has nice shell picture on it but thats it i cant use this things at all its so confusing and did not helped me in anything .
 This particular printing may be authentic to the period but the print is very difficult to read . It is dizzying .
 For those of you who are Protestants ... or of a faith other than Christian , this book is a horrible place to learn about the Catholic faith . The author has a very bad habit of leaving out important information , as well as quoting anonymous `` authorities '' . Be wary of his annoying habit of quoting Catholic documents and personalities out of context . He also likes to use the infamous '' ... '' deception method to weed out information that would contradict his argument . If you are a Fundamentalist , who already believes that the `` Church of Rome '' has apostasized , then this book will help solidify your current beliefs.For those of you who would really like to know the `` secrets '' of `` Romanism '' , you would probably be wiser to purchase the Catechism of the Catholic Church , which details the teachings of our Faith . One quick point ... refering to Catholicism as `` Romanism '' is not a good way to make friends with your Catholic neighbors.For those Catholics involved in Apologetics with Fundamentalists , this book provides a perfect example of the argumentation used to misrepresent the Faith.I would have given a book like this a higher rating , assuming the author was engaged in honest dialogue , but I ca n't endorse a dishonest representation of the Catholic faith . An ex-priest is not necessarily an ample authority , any more than an ex-policeman is necessarily a shining example of the police force .
 I first encountered this book over forty years ago . If Joseph Zacchello ever was in reality a Catholic priest , he evidently paid scant attention to his seminary lessons . Unlike today , back in the day of Zacchello the Seminarian the Catholic Church actually taught Roman Catholic doctrine in its seminaries , witness the exponential growth of the Church in America and elsewhere during the reign of Pius XII , a fact rebuking the lamentable post-Conciliar record . Zacchello 's ignorance with respect to the doctrine and customs of the Roman Church is embarassing . An example
 The quality of the paper is very poor.Photographs not clear , you can not even make out the faces of the people in the photos.The book is overpriced .
 Page X says it allAddendum to the ReaderAll of the events and names of the soldiers involved in the valorous history of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Regiment are real . Some of the narration and dialog , however , is my own.This is an actual account of the courageous deeds of simple country boys . I have a sacred trust with their precious memory which I can never betray . Billy Ellis . `` Some of the dialog '' is putting it lightly , it was very distracting .
 Although the layout and drawing skills of the artist are sub-par , this book will amuse your children -LRB- although it 's for 6 and under -RRB- . What it lacks in imagination , it makes up for in a childs interest in monsters . Cute for a quick read , but not one for the library .
 My husband got this as a hand me down and started reading it today . I glanced at the page he had open and am horrified at what I read . Page 8 in the grey box titled `` Age Differences '' and I quote `` For the first 6 months , infants do not feel love and affection . They are wholly dependent on their caretakers to have their needs met-that 's all '' . What old school garbage ! As a mother of a 3 week old it 's already obvious to me that my daughter feels love and affection .
 This book has a nice voice , but it is for people who have absolutely no idea how to parent . Most of the material is so obvious that it scares me to think someone would not know it . Honestly , I think it may also be written by people who have not parented for a very long time . It sounds kind of old-fashioned relative to what are considered best practices today.There are some occasional helpful items here , but mostly it 's stuff that is entirely common sense .
 Okay , if you are completely clueless about kids , this would be a good entry level book to read . But , most of the advice is on the obvious side ... for instance , this is some advice in the examples for 6-9 year olds . `` Put safety first . If your child wants to do something that you believe he does not have the good judgment to do safely , do n't hesitate to say no . First-graders , for example , rarely have the ability to cross busy streets safely by themselves . '' Uh-huh . And do n't let your 5 year old juggle knives either , they might not be able to do it safely.There is a lot of advice along these lines in this book . Also , you are told to hug your child whenever they want to be hugged , give them lots of reassurance that you love them , and other lines like that . Well , no kidding ! There is some good info here if you can deal with being talked to like a completely clueless parent . For that , I give it 2 stars . I was hoping for more info on what to expect during each stage , in terms of social and physical and emotional development . Instead of buying this , look at Babycenter articles online instead ! Cheaper and much more good information . This one has been sitting on my shelf pretty much since I started reading it and had to stop in disgust . For parenting advice , my favorite is `` Easy to Love , Difficult to Discipline '' by Becky Bailey . I loved that one during my older daughters terrible 3 phase ; good reminders to calm down and look at motivation and stage of emotional development . But for the Ages and Stages - I would n't bother unless you need really basic reminders mixed in with some bits of decent info .
 This book was useless to me because it states the obvious , for example , `` Avoid calling your child names such as fatty . ''
 There really is n't anything new in here and just states the obvious like do n't beat your kids and love them . Not worth the money .
 This book is very typical in the arguments presented by the majority of the Oneness position . In its attacks against the Biblical teaching of God 's Triunity this book spends the vast majority of the time attempting to prove that Jesus is God , which everyone believes anyway . The remained of the book is dedicated in attempting to prove that Jesus is the Father and Holy Spirit , and that water baptism is required for salvation , all of which are false doctrines.This book 's scholarship was extremely poor . The author attempts to `` spin '' nuances of Greek grammar to somehow aid his position , noting that the Greek word `` kai '' translated as `` and '' in the Bible is sometimes also translated `` even . '' So his main argument is that the Epistles ' introductory remarks like `` Grace to you and peace from God the Father AND our Lord Jesus Christ '' really means `` God the Father EVEN the Lord Jesus Christ . `` This futile attempt is thoroughly dealt with in Gregory Boyd 's book `` Oneness Pentecostals and the Trinity . `` The theological presentation and scholarship of this book is on par with the Jehovah 's Witness Watchtower publication `` What does the Bible REALLY teach . ''
 I read this book by Brent Graves a few years ago , and found the scholarship very poor . It was based on some nuances in Greek , which do not matter much . It is very amateurish and shallow in its theological presentation . It is very polemic and shows the theological roots of misunderstanding in Mr. Graves theology
 this reminds me of one of the AKC books where you put in the name of the breed , and none of the textual information is changed ... for this price , we should have had some color pictures !
 This is a typical breeder 's vanity book . It has some valuable information , but it is very weak in the very important area of health issues . Cavaliers suffer from major hereditary diseases , such as mitral valve heart disease , the leading killer of the breed , which is a terminal illness which afflicts over half of all Cavaliers by age 5 years and nearly all Cavaliers by age 10 years , and hip dysplasia , which causes terrible pain and debilitation , and syringomyelia , which causes severe head and neck pain and paralysis .
 I purchased the hardcover and its not bound like the rest of the series . It was a generic hardcover -LRB- library bound ? -RRB- and the cover was a sticker ! Returning .
 Heads up to parents ... this was written and illustrated during a period when racism was accepted . This has not been updated to remove such references and is therefore not suitable for children .
 We were so excited to get this in the mail , but the beautiful color illustrations are missing - with the exception of a few full-page color illustrations , this book is all black and white .
 Boy was I excited to get this book for my 7 yr old son . He does n't like reading , but I remember reading this as a kid and lovin it . How did I feel when I opened it up only to find the entire book printed in B&W ... back in the box and returned . The item received did n't look like the item I purchased , and the cover was n't red as the `` look inside '' feature showed . I hope they straighten this out with their distributors . Watch out for the hardcover book .
 This Kindle version of the book has quite a few typographical errors . I could usually make them out , but it IS irritating . This review is for this version of the book not `` Boots And Saddles '' itself -LRB- which I found to be a very enjoyable read ! -RRB- .
 this book should have done much more in given readers or christians exactly what it claims can not be done - revealing someof the deepest secrets , techniques , and experiences of prayer . such information is what people need to solve their problems , and live a more fulfilled and happy life ; nothing more nothing less.the book oversimplifies the issues with basic prayer statementslike , '' bless me , give me success today , go with us , answer me , lordhelp me '' . e.t.c. . If it were as simple as that , then surely allhumanities problems would have been solved , and we would all be living heavenly lives . the truth of the matter is , such oversimplified prayers will work if there is the secret of powerful spiritual techniques behind them . for example , the kabbalists try at least to give people a means of achieving this by revealing the sacred names of God which can release spiritual power to back prayer statements like those made in the book.a verse in psalm ninety one states , '' when he calls to me i will answer him because he knows my name , '' this statement indicatesthe need for the deeper sacred knowledge which , it is my conviction , the spiritual masters of the bible had.again , the statement by christ that '' not every one who calls me lord , lord will enter the kingdom of heaven '' implies on a deeper level that those who know the secrets of the sacred knowlege of divinity will qualify . that is the problem i find with most christian ministries , there is a lot of quotations and story telling which often generates no powerful help for people.i believe it is now extremely incumbent upon church leaders today to seek out and give to thier flock some of the sacred words and power which lies hidden within power bases of divinity.Dr.Dave Early , the author of this book narrates the story of Elijah , and the prophets of Baal , and sites the prayer suppossedly used by Elijah to send down fire from heaven to consume the offering , as '' answer me . '' if it were as simple as this why ca n't this dramatic episode be dramatically emulated today by the average or established ministeries ? i say , it 's because there was , and is more to it than meets the eye . Elijah and the biblical masters , in my view , were keepers of potent and sacredtradition which is not revealed in the bible , only the stories and incidents are told . to write a prayer book without some of the basic spiritual technology to empower the prayers , and to make it genuinely work in peoples lives leaves people dissapointed , and disillusioned.i would like to refer readers to a book called , '' christianity with power '' by charles craft who deals with why a lot of christian ministeries today operate without true power .
 This book contains very good practice material but the explanations to the answer choices are very vague and difficult to understand .
 This is a very good if you need a brush up on the very basics like percentage and fractions . This is the first 200 pages and it is very easy . It gives you a sense of achievement and wrongly makes you think you will ace the SAT . The SAT is not this easy ... The harder concepts are poorly explained . Explanations to practice questions and tests are extremely shallow and vague . Some of the techniques are much too convoluted and take too much time . There are better strategies than what this book offers .
 Try Barrons Math Workbook , it 's much more organized and comprehensive . There is a lot of empty space with this Kaplan book .
 It 's not that good . I was expecting a lot of math problems to practice with , but its not that . It is kinda of useless . Save your money . I recommend you get Kaplan SAT 12 Practice Tests book instead because there are enough practice tests and you could just do the math problems from it if thats what you need to work on .
 The workbook is great . I know this as my older daughter used it and felt prepared after working with it for a few weeks . My younger daughter is an `` accelerated '' student taking honors calculus in her junior year of highschool . The problem is she does n't remember the basics that are more often found in the SAT . Algebra , etc. . So it 's important to review . Now if someone could write a book about how to get your kid to open and use the book , that would be a bestseller . So far , no dice with this one .
 Since `` Turn in the Road '' I 've been getting Julie Ellis ' books from the library , and purchased the last two . `` Silent Rage '' starts off with promise , describing the `` unsung '' wounded soldiers returning from Iraq , but Joe Kelly , who is introduced at the beginning is never mentioned again . Instead , there seems to be a lot of repetitious filler about the perils of outsourcing -- and even more coffee consumption in this novel than in the others -- that fails to disguise a thin and implausible plot .
 The quality is quite poor . Dover thrift Editions . i will not purchase anything they publish again .
 I 've been reading the Travis McGee series in order , and this book , 8th in the series , is nowhere near the quality of the preceding books . The plot is okay , not great , it feels like it was pieced together as MacDonald went along . There are many portentous remarks of the ` had I but known ' variety , and the McGee/Heidi sexual psychiatric healing scenes are pure undiluted bilge water . Up to now I felt MacDonald painted a McGee who was fairly honest about his -LRB- McGee 's -RRB- sex life , but in this book Travis comes off as a real Gary Stu character . Even his detective work was so so SO easy . Granted , one of the joys in reading these books is that Travis is just that bit more quixotic , more reflective , more sun-soaked than anyone in real life , but in this book Travis is so much more of everything , and it really got my gag reflex working . Now , having said this nasty stuff , this book is not bad enough to put me off McGee for life . I 'll go right ahead with the next book and hope Travis regains his form . And if he never does , those first seven books were still worth the price of admission .
 This entry of the T. McGee series was not up to plot or craftsmanship found in most of John D. MacDonald 's work . To me , it seemed at times to be almost a parody of the usual McGee ... too much TALK of broken birds , and just not enough of the rough and tumble action we have come to expect from Ol' Trav . But do n't worry , things are back on track in the next one , PALE GRAY FOR GUILT . I 've wondered if there was n't something going on in JDM 's personal life to make this entry seem so lacking ?
 I have liked the other McGee books , but this one was sickening . The novel suffers from the ponderous exposition , as other reviewers noted . And the ending -- without spoilers , I can say that it was so over-the-top violent and deliberately disturbing that I wonder about the author 's mental health . And the solution came on what was a clumbsily-written deus ex machina . Get another McGee book -- any other McGee book -- but not this one . This is one of the few books I 've wished I could un-read .
 This book is just a compilation of information that is readily available from other free sources . The authors twist history and events pertaining to the descriptions of the countries in the region , as to make guess who the bad guy , the lone free country in the region and neglect to paint a clear picture of the countries that are in turmoil and possibly dangerous to visit . This one did n't make it into my boat library ... Also a hardcover for a boat with limited space and weight ? This book is very heavy .
 `` Wilderness Survival '' is well written and an excellent book to motivate you to study further -LRB- and the author encourages this frequently -RRB- , but as an instruction manual it is severely limited . Though you ca n't expect in-depth coverage of many different topics in a book so small , the author fails to cover any single topic adequately . She does provide a list of emergency equipment that would likely be helpful to those unaccustomed to wilderness environments , but overall the book does n't provide sufficient information to justify its purchase .
 I just finished the book 10 minutes ago.Oh my Lord . How incredibly tedious.I thought a few of the sections were interesting , like the meeting the Epanchin family , and seeing how the Prince is sized up by people who do n't know if he is idiot or genius.It was like a much older version of `` Being There '' where simple minded utterances are taken as profound.But it went on and on and on , and you have no idea why they are talking about nothing , and how it contributes to the story.I have taken an interest in Russian literature -LRB- because I am doing business with Russians -RRB- for the last six months . I have read Anna Karinina , The Brothers Karamazov , Crime and Punishment , Dead Souls , and Invitation to a Beheading.Is this really the best they got ? A little bit of it was enjoyable , but it sure seems like they are getting paid by the word . Get to the damn point !! Of course , I realize it is not my culture . And I am not well suited to understand the background to make light of why they go on and on . I feel like there MUST be something there ? Right ? After all , these are highly acclaimed.So what am I missing ? Why are these regarded as great works ? I do want to understand ...
 After Crime & Punishment and The Brothers Karamazov , reading The Idiot is a major let-down . The Idiot 's child-like innocence and purity , etc. , is just annoying . He seems utterly in bad faith . The fact that we are meant to take him as being in good faith , as genuine , even as sympathetic , is what wrecks the novel for me . Myshkin seems just a foil for Dostoyevsky 's ideas about society , conscience , Christianity , and so on . I do n't believe in him as a character . I also do n't find the themes discussed particularly interesting . And I did n't find any shockers or surprises in this book , all the moves seemed telegraphed in advance . I appreciated some of the subplots , but every scene with Myshkin in a central role was something of a dud . It 's a bit like watching the Star Wars trilogy and groaning every time Luke Skywalker comes on screen . _ That guy _ is the hero ? Sigh ... All this blushing and stammering and poses of meekness . I found myself appreciating the flawed characters much more
 Do n't waste your time reading this book - this book is awful ! This book was supposed to be so good , according to the other reviews , and it 's definitely not a good novel . In fact , this is by far the worst novel I have read in my life . I think one of the other reviewers hit the nail on the head - most of this book just seems like random writing and ultimately it has no real purpose for carrying forward the plot line . Indeed , it definitely seems like he was just trying to meet a word count for the publisher . The edition of the book I read was slightly over 700 pages , and it could have easily been reduced to 300 without affecting in any way the plot line . Thus the reader is left to swallow 400 pages of pointless writing that just seems like `` waffling '' to mention the term used in England to describe writing that leads you no where . Not only that , but the 300 pages devoted to actually explaining the plot are not that interesting anyway . The plot line of the novel is incredibly implausible ; a prince who is an `` idiot '' but on occasions does n't seem like such an idiot after all and who suffers from a mysterious illness of `` idiocy '' that could not be labelled as an actual illness by modern medicine . Moreover , one of the principal characters in the novel , Aglaia Yepanchin supposedly is madly in love with the prince while at the same time making fun of him in a very rude way right in front of his nose - am I the only one here who thinks this is JUST a little implausible ? And then just to make matters worse , and as an appetizer after having to swallow 650 pages of horrible writing , near the end of the novel Dostoyevski puts in the mouth of the prince two full pages of the most outrageous slander against the Catholic religion I have read in my life . Supposedly , according to Dosteyvski , atheism comes from the Catholic religion - certainly Dosteyevski does n't hide his hatred for the Catholic faith . Even atheists would laugh at such an absurd proposition .
 I hated this book . Whoever enjoyed needs a life . Read the Lord of the Rings . Tolkien is a fantasy God !!
 John T Flynn was a business journalist who originally covered graft and Wall Street scandals in the 1920s and 1930s . Originally a supporter of the incoming Roosevelt administration he came to believe the New Deal 's support of compulsory cartels under the NRA was a betrayl of tradtional ` trust busting ' liberalism . He believed the administration 's massive reliance on public borrowing and deficit spending , rather than fiscal reform , was dangerous . He was a former Nye Committee investigator . Nye exposed the role major banks and munition makers played in President Wilson 's march to war in 1918 . Flynn believed the failure of the New Deal to bring jobs would see FDR turn to military spending as an economic cure . This prediction was soon justified and Flynn became a leading spokesman for the America First Committee and , after the war , wrote one of the first exposes arguing FDR had prior knowledge of the Pearl Harbor attack . Flynn remained a committed isolationist after the war , believing the same pattern of was re-emerging in the then new Cold War . Interestingly enough Flynn became a strong supporter of Senator Joseph McCarthy , perhaps in part because he , like many pre-war isolationists , had been smeared as pro-Hitler traitors , often by communists and their ` dupes ' , who originally strongly opposed intervention but who overnight became pro-war super-patriots once Russia was attacked.This book comes from Flynn 's `` McCarthyite '' period but do n't let that label fool you . It is a lucid , logical and well presented analysis of how the US `` lost China '' in the immediate post war years . I would argue it is a flawed and ultimately incorrect analysis but it in many ways it highlights aspects more conventional accounts brush over . Flynn starts at the top and places the blame with the leading Roosevelt / Truman diplomatic officials . He argues that where FDR berated Stalin as a tyrant for the two years of the Nazi-Soviet pact , once Stalin joined the allies a major PR `` makeover '' campaign was attempted by the administration to make the Soviet Union a more acceptable ally to the American people . This proceeded through books , movie and radio which Flynn documents . Riding on the tail of this campaign was a subsidiary effort to paint Mao 's Chinese communists as ` agrarian reformers ' superiot to ` the Old China ' represented by Chiang Kai-shek . Throughout the war the US administration sought to create a `` shot gun wedding '' between the Chinese Nationalist government and Mao 's communists . Chiang Kai-shek was prepared to accept the communists as a political party into his coalition and communists as recruits into his army , but he was not prepared to accept an armed political party . Flynn examines the alleged pro-communist sympathies of most books written on the issue during the period and the role of left leaning book reviewers , what today we 'd call `` gatekeepers '' , in creating the anti-Chiang Kai-shek atmosphere . He find the same forces at work among senior State Department officials both in China and in the Asian affairs desks in Washington . He argues that the main US negotiators and generals on the ground in China , in particular General `` Vinegar Joe '' Stillwell and General George C Marshall were poorly served by these left leaning advisors . This is the background to the `` loss of China '' and the bloody confrontation in Korea that followed.Flynn argues his case logically and well and he is an excellent writer . Good writing makes for easy reading and Flynn delivers that . I think this book has much to recommend it , if only as a means of `` getting inside the head '' of the American right 's `` China Lobby '' . It helped explain the ` strange bedfellow ' alliance between the China Lobby and McCarthy on one side and the ` Old Right ' in the late 1940s / early 1950s , and the oddities of Senator Robert Taft 's , otherwise a strong advocate of diplomacy and international law , pro-Korean War position . After all the traditional isolationist position applies as much to China as it did Europe . It was Old Right and isolationist spokesmen who opposed the growth of ` the Imperial Presidency ' both in FDR 's `` secret war '' against Hitler pre-1942 and in Truman 's unprecedented `` police action '' war by executive decree in Korea . On the face of it neither group has much in common . The first being Asia interventionists and the second , isolationists . The ` loss of China '' was seen as an extension of Yalta and the `` loss of East Europe '' . The evidence of high level treason was used to explain and link both . However wrong headed that argument was , the isolationists were correct to see these two great `` losses '' as plainly invalidating the high blown neo-Wilsonian rhetoric used to sell the FDR / Truman shift to American globalism.Flynn 's argument is ultimately flawed . Yalta had less to do with high level treason , although there definitely were rats in the ranks , than FDR 's desire to complete the Wilsonian project and get a working UN `` off the ground '' . FDR believed , and as Robert Nisbet has demonstrated in his book `` The Failed Courtship '' , that `` nobless oblige '' towards Stalin was the way to long term peace . Ultimately Truman would backpedal from this position but he was unprepared to openly repudiate his predecessor 's failed vision . FDR regularly bypassed his most senior advisors , whether they were pink or blue made no difference . Much of the criticism of Chiang Kai-shek itself came as much from Wilsonian as pro-Marxist tendencies . And Dean Acheson is more easily pigeon holed as an anglophile than as a ` red dupe ' . This angle is relevant and only briefly touched on by Flynn . America 's `` old imperialist '' allies , notably Britain , keen to hang on to Hong Kong were not so keen on Chiang Kai-shek . They were thus more willing to come to a mutual accommodation with Mao than the Nationalists . Maybe there were anglophiles under the bed along with the reds . Similarly General Marshall 's desire to get Russia into the war against Japan , what Flynn correctly identifies as a major turning point in ultimate communist victory in China , can at most be criticised as `` win the war '' shortsightedness , perhaps comparable to the US insistence on a Normandy invasion versus Churchill 's advocacy of a more long term focuded strategy with invasion via ` the soft underbelly of Europe ' . Flynn 's book does however provide some useful correctives to the dominant account of the period over recent decades . The allied insistence on a Nationalist/Communist merger during the war was certainly unfair . The US and the UK were war allies with the USSR . China was not . The USSR maintained an unchallenged ` non agression pact ' with Tokyo for all but the last week of the war . The USSR was one of the few states to recognise the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo . Mao 's communists were definitely aligned with Stalin . Chang Kai-shek had no more reason to trust them than FDR or Churchill had reason to trust Vichy France . The diplomatic insistence on a shot gun marriage may perhaps be more easily explained by ` eurocentric blindness ' than red subversion.As mentioned before , Flynn is correct in noting the key role of Soviet intervention in the Pacific War for ultimate communist victory . This factor is usually missing from most conventional accounts which portray communist victory in the Chinese revolution as either ` inevitable ' or the result of Nationalist corruption and incompetence . Flynn points out that the communists only controlled a handful of provinces at war 's end yet a few years later controlled most of the mainland . Certainly Nationalist corruption and incompetence did n't just happen . What changed the balance?Flynn 's explanation provides at least part of the story . The US provided a massive resupply of Russia 's far east forces in preparation for their entry into the war against Japan . When the Russians moved it was against a Japanese manchurian army that had been stripped to the bone to reinforce Japanese Pacific deployments . The US , unlike Russia , lacked decent intelligence in Manchukuo and over-estimated the size of the Japanese force . Stalin was in receipt of Japanese peace initiatives but failed to pass them on , presumably waiting for his moment of opportunity in Manchuria , which itself -LRB- as Flynn points out -RRB- had been a long term object of Czarist and bolshevik ambition . Marshall believed a large Japanese force lay in wait in Manchuria , just as Ike believed a large German force lay in wait in Southern Germany . Both proved to be phantoms.Stalin ensured Japanese materiel along with Soviet aid resupplied the Chinese communists post-war , at the same time the US was attempting to broker a peace , via Marshall , between the Nationalists and Communists . Some in the US imagined Mao as an Asian Tito . No such luck . The Sino-soviet split only really emerged following Khrushchev 's de-Stalinisation . The US attempted to force Chang Kai-shek to concede by withholding aid . Corrupt regimes usually rely on a trickle down flow of graft to buy loyalties . Look at the system the US stitched together in Afghanistan to buy the removal of the Taliban . US policy in China greatly weakened their only dog in the fight at the same time as the Soviets were able to direct materiel -LRB- often originally sourced from the US or Japan -RRB- to their ally . Nothing inevitable about it.Flynn 's interpretation has in some ways fared better with age since 1953 . The charges against McCarthy have not exactly been repudiated by history but the publication of the Venona transcripts has forced some downgrading of the usual charges against him . We now know that Soviet penetration of higher circles in the US was significant , a charge the anti-anti-communists for a long time denied , almost as an article of faith . McCarthy was still off the mark however and claims of US strategy being written in Moscow are nonsense . One argument I am interested in is made by Athan Theoharis in his 1971 book and referred to by Ronald Radosh in his excellent 1975 book `` Prophets On The Right '' . The Truman administration 's failure to publicly repudiate the Yalta agreements , many of the terms of which it insisted on keeping secret , whilst actually repudiating the previous President 's strategy de facto made possible created the space for McCarthyism to flourish . This helps explain why conservative ` strict construction ' consitutionalists concerned at ` The Imperial Presidency ' would ally with the McCarthyites.Flynn 's approach has even picked up some high profile support very recently . Note the recent popularity of `` Mao
 The book says almost nothing . It loses itself in too many words . Too many words and too little said . Maybe the part with the CV is more ok . Also the examples are poor .
 I 'm sure this was a great book at the time of publishing . But now , it 's just very old fashioned.Many of the rules would n't applying these days , particularly on the web.I would have preferred a main focus on `` writing that works '' , rather than a mix of different types of writing -LRB- letters , presentations , resumes , etc. . . -RRB- . It does n't cover any of those topics enough and you can definitely find online much better guides for each of them .
 Michael Levy 's books have helpful information , however , after a while I got frustrated with all his poetry . To me , it distracted from the point of what I was reading .
 Checked this out in my local library and funny enough it was in the children 's section . We had listen to it before but our old radio would fade in and out while we listen to it painting . So , later when we had the chance again -LRB- now it was found in the adult section -RRB- so this time we would listen to it in the car , I was a bit shocked at the language on it . Even my 11 year old stated there was a * allot of cussing * on this tape . The stories are funny enough without the hard language . This tape/cd has no rating on it . It should be at least PG-13 to give parents a heads up for a younger listeners .
 I loved this movie as a child and thought my six year old and I would listen to the book on cassette . I was not prepared , nor did I remember , the use of language in the movie . The third time I heard the Lord 's name taken in vain , I turned the cassette off . I am going to buy the book and read it to my son , skipping those parts . I guess when I watched the movie -LRB- many moons ago -RRB- that language was not allowed on television and therefore we were not subjected to it . I was very disappointed in the book on tape . The story is wonderful . The authors -LRB- two of the children -RRB- could have alluded to the language without repeating it . I rate it two stars because of this .
 I did not like Cheaper by the Dozen because it did not grab my attention at all . I do not like reading about the life of a large family where the father ties to teach the kids everything , or showing off in front of a bunch of people . I also do not believe anything of this story is realistic . Do you think someone now of days can handle 12 kids ? I do not think so . Now of days things are more expensive , so think how wealthy someone has to be to maintain a house , work , and still have time to spend with each child and buy things you need in the household . And do you think the dad has time , with work to teach each child all the different things . I think you would like this book if you are interested in stories about everyday life with a big family and the parents tutoring 12 kids and go on vacations . Or if you want to know what life was like back then and have 12 kids . Still how can they fit 14 people in a car , 9 kids in the back , 1 in the front , the mother in the passenger side with 2 babies in her lap , and the father driving the car ? I was thinking how 2 adults keep 12 screaming kids under control . If you like the movie Cheaper by the Dozen with Steve Martin you might like this book even though they are really different , even the last names are different . I really did not like this book but if you want to read it go right a head .
 If you enjoy a read that will leave you depressed and unfulfilled on every level , ths book is for you ! An unhappy ending is one thing but an unhappy ending for every character is just awful .
 As a modern reader I found the tone of Eliot to not only be didactic but insultingly so . With every nuance so pointed in its intentions the characters and action are devoid of any impact . One can not help that feel this is clearly a novel that has aged badly for the simple reasons that its very heavy handed message is old hat and obviously the original audience for this novel was one of lower education standards than today . As a simple book written to carry a message this is one of the weaker Eliot novels for the modern audience to read .
 Whenever anyone asks me for books I really hate , this one is topof the list . The author digs and deeper and deeper pit forthe main characters . Life gets more and more depressing.For a while this is ok because you are trying to guess howshe 'll concoct some sort of sensible ending . Slowly it dawnsthat the characters are never going to get out of the pit , sotheres nothing left to read for . Ending is depressing , pretending to be deep -LRB- almost a pun there , for those whoknow what happens -RRB- , and theres just no reason to read this book.Just to prove that I 'm not biased against the author . . Irecommend Silas Marner which is a * good * book .
 I 'm a senior in high school , and Mill on the Floss was the most boring book I 've ever read . Every guy in my English class despised it , and only a few girls liked it . It takes over one hundred pages for Eliot to get started , and she lacks direction throughout the book . Even an experienced reader is left asking , `` What 's your point ? '' It seems as though she tries to say too much -LRB- or really never knew what she wanted to say -RRB- , and it all gets jumbled and garbled into essentially nothing -- and she does it all in only 600 pages . If you have to read it for school ... I 'm sorry . If you 're thinking about reading it for pleasure , there are plenty of better books to read .
 I have been promising myself for years that I would read some of the works of authors like Thomas Hardy and George Eliot . I started out by purchasing Mill on the Floss and was interested in reading about Maggie , her brother , and their relatives . I was very amused as the book progressed and the author , in a very subtle way , described Maggie 's aunts and uncles in their narrow-mindedness and snobberies . Somewhere about the time that Maggie ran off and was taken in by gypsies , I became very bored and have not finished the book . I will probably pick it up again and fast-read to the end but I am not in a hurry to do this . The fault is in me , not in the book . In this day and age we readers are used to fast action and it is hard to stick with a slow-moving book like this.Perhaps I will edit this review after I finish the book -- which I will do at some time .
 I would never have had the patience to finish the novel on my own . My English professor assigned it for the Victorian class I was taking at the time , so I had to read it . Was this novel designed to be read as a part of the Woman Question ? Was it a semiautobiographical account of Eliot herself ? Was it simply an artistic failure ? I will never know . One thing is for sure
 The story I find quite ok and kind of exiting at times ... but George Eliot could have written this book in 200 pages , not 500 -LRB- the paperback edition -RRB- . At times she really creats a great atmosphere with her long explainations and detail descriptions , for an example is her description of the town St. Ogg . But generally her descriptions are way to long and that gave me the feeling that she was trying to hard to create some atmosphere . She simply over did it ! If you have enough time and litle pacience I can recomend this read . I will probably hesitate alitle before I read George Eliot again ! Arni
 I like to read books that I can actually understand . I can not understand the language in this book . . I guess I 'm just calling myself ignorant , but thats the truth . I loved the PBS movie , its a great story but the book just is n't for me .
 The story of a woman that does not know what she wants . Boring , decidedly too long and with a detestable , foolish heroine . Why did Eliot wish to torture her readers ?
 I loved Middlemarch so thought I would continue an effort to read `` great books '' with Mill on the Floss . I 'm almost to the end and am considering abandoning the effort . What began as charming and amazing has become an incessant drone of intentional unhappiness and misery . I 've lost all patience with the novel and its characters . Reader , beware . If I drew a graph chart , it would start high , then dive downward with only infrequent , tiny pulses upward .
 I was profoundly disappointed by this overwrought and overwritten attempt to evoke Maggie Tulliver 's trials and tribulations . Eliot veers between portraying her as a self-assured , if `` naughty '' , girl -LRB- who can envision herself as queen of the gypsies - a charming scene -RRB- and woman paralyzed by self-doubt and familial tyranny . While the author deserves credit for presenting a character with psychological complexity , the treatment was so heavy-handed that it exhausted my interest without satisfying my curiosity . Overall , this book struck me as uninspired and formulaic , both in terms of plot and descriptive imagery . Indeed , the primary `` humorous '' characters -LRB- Bob and Aunt Glegg -RRB- really only clicked in the one scene they shared . Eliot did provide some treats , of course , particularly in describing the relationship between Mr. and Mrs. Tulliver.Eliot addressed the theme of self-abnegation beautifully in Middlemarch -LRB- pointing to Teresa of Avila as the model -RRB- and Adam Bede - two far superior books . This book does not convincingly explain why the heroine was willing to sacrifice so much for an abusive , unsympathetic brother . The conclusion to `` Mill '' is particularly unsatisfactory . It feels like the author has written herself into a corner and has to invoke natural catastrophe to extricate herself . George Eliot is a great author , but you need to read her other books to see why .
 I did not post my `` review '' of this book on this Amazon site . I did not post a star rating on this first `` review . '' Someone -- I have never been able to find out who , despite contacting the publisher several times -- took a book review that I had published in the National Catholic Review and without consulting me , edited it -LRB- editing out anything less than enthusiastic -RRB- and , again without consulting me , posted it on this page.Here are some portions of my original book review what were cut out
 Having gone through the first 3 chapters of this book , I must say I am really dissapointed . The author is supposedly trying to avoid the mathematical rigor to the account of explaining things in a physical way . Well , he almost completely fails in that and , the worst , confuses the reader . For example , he devotes 15 pages to smoothly introduce the reader to the concept of a manifold , promising a more rigorous definition to be given later on . When the time comes , he uses two `` brand new '' concepts , namely Haussdorf space and countable base , for the meaning of which , the reader has to look up in other books ! -LRB- however cited in bibliography -RRB- If one wants to understand what all these things -LRB- manifolds , diff . forms , Lie deriv , etc. -RRB- are about , the best thing to do is buy a mathematical book . After all , it is hardly possible to satisfactorily describe abstract mathematical concepts if you avoid using mathematical language ! For the interested , I am NOT a mathematician .
 Although this book may contain over 30,000 foods , -LRB- not just 20,000 as the synopsis claims -RRB- it only contains sodium , calorie and fat statistics for them . I bought this book looking for the potassium values that the synopsis suggested it contains . It does not . My sole purpose for purchasing this book was falsely advertised in the synopsis and thus this book is absolutely useless to me . Thanks for nothing .
 My mother bought a copy of this self-published book directly from the author , who was selling them door-to-door back around the time I was born . She did it out of pity , the moreso -LRB- as she later realized -RRB- after she started reading it . I tried reading it in my early teens , and tried again in my late teens , and I think I actually gave it another glance a few years ago when visiting my parents . -LRB- They 've kept every book they 've ever bought , including the 1967 set of Encyclopedia Brittanica . -RRB- I am sure that there are worse books , but in terms of painfully stilted dialog , this sets a standard that is hard to beat . It is bad enough that , read aloud properly to an audience that has already started drinking , it could be hilarious .
 I only bought this book because I read `` Jordan 's Crossing '' . Which I thought was 5 star . I really liked the book . So when I read this book , I thought maybe it would be somewhat of the same . The Legalist people were way over board to the point where the story was not believable . Of course , it was only fiction.Jason Faircloth identified himself as `` literalist '' in `` Jordan 's Crossing '' , yet he was never clear on what he `` literally '' believed . It appears that if you believe in the Bible to the point where you actually obey it , look out ! You are a legalist ! I have to admit , there are churches that abuse their members . But this in no way makes it okay to wilfully disobey the Bible . It 's almost like the message of this book is , if a church requires obedience to the gospel , it is a very , very bad , bad thing , but if we sin , let 's just love one another and everything will be okay.The denomination this young family was with , was obviously too extreme , not necessarily because of their standards , but because of their seemingly total lack love or mercy . From the moment they began to question and disagree with this denomination 's wrong attitude , they should have left . It appears their congregation would 've gone along with them , and that would have been the end of that . But the adultry thing , . . well that would still have to be taken care of by somebody . Disappointing .
 I also thought this was a `` new '' book by Randall Arthur . I anxiously awaited its arrival only to discover this is the same book as `` Betrayal '' which I had previously read . I do n't know who is responsible for this real act of betrayal -- the author , the publisher , or Amazon . In my opinion , when a book is resold with a different cover and name , it should be clearly stated that this is the same book previously titled as whatever the original title was . I feel swindled by all transgressors noted
 At this point this will be the only negative review ! It is an imprtant book -LRB- s -RRB- because of the lines that are drawn . but at the same time a straw man of legalism is set up and knocked down over and over!Randall does his best to set up hateful characters so that we can learn how hateful fundamentalism is . Of course these are all fictional characters , being the product of his own mind.So why is it an important series of books ? In a word antinomianism . This a word that means lawlessness . In these books we have portrayed over and over the bondage of living right!The grace of God is turned into liscentousness to where adultery , divorce , and remarraige are viable options , for even a missionary!I think the lines are drawn very clear . What are our moral obligations as Christians?Especially , Christisn ministers?I think you can guess from my tonm I think Mr. Arthur is wrong!And because of that there are eternal consequences!Is it really legalism the problem today ? Or immorality?I think the latter !
 This book had a huge `` What the heck ? '' factor in it . The romantic aspects of the book were completely unbelievable , especially when taken in context with the time period . I can usually get some small bit of enjoyment out of LLM 's novels , but this was not one of them.Also , if you could please , for the love of God and everything holy , find a synonym for `` presently '' that would be amazing . Said the reviewer . She has hair of chestnut and hazel eyes . Presently , she felt the urge to inform the reader that what they were reading was happening now , and not five minutes ago . She then decided to awkwardly tack on unnecessary descriptions in places where they do n't fit .
 Does anyone say `` Crazy getup '' ? If they do , I wish they would n't . There 's too many examples of bad cliche writing in this that I do n't have time to point them all out . I was looking for a good time travel romance . This is n't it .
 This is a good academic review of nonprofit integrations . But it focuses too much on larger NGOs . Somewhat dry , it could benefit from conversational appraisals by those actually involved in these alliances . For better insight , try Strategic Planning for Nonprofit Corporations , Second Edition .
 Love the book and the photos . The big disappointment is the DVD which can only be played on a MAC , which I do n't own . That 's the reason I only gave it one star .
 This book is so over-rated . Unless you are some type of literature major , this book is boring , difficult to read - meaning it just does n't flow well . Oh the horror , the horror ...
 This book tells the story of an actress , Maryna Zalezowska , a character Sontag tells us is loosely based on the career of Helena Modjeska , a famous turn-of-the-century Polish actress . The basic story is of her acting life in Poland and subsequent move to the ` promised land ' of America , where she sets up a commune with fellow artists and friends , and continues her acting triumphs.Throughout the book Sontag blurs fact and fiction . Real-life characters , such as the American actor Edwin Booth , interact with the fictional characters . Similarly , we hear of Sarah Bernhardt , described as Zalezowka 's greatest rival , and of key moments in American history . Sontag is clearly trying to retell the American myth in fiction , and this is certainly not the first time a writer has used the method of using both real and fictional characters - Cervantes 's Don Quijote is an early example . However , with this book , Sontag fails to convince on either the fictional side or the depiction of the reality of emerging America . Character description is poor and it is extremely difficult to engage with the heroine . This is partly because there is so little context - we get no sense of her struggle with her adopted country , and no picture of any of the minor characters , with the possible exception of her husband , Bogdan . This is a shame , because the other characters are potentially extremely interesting . One commits suicide - we have little idea why . We do n't really find out what any of the Poles think about their new land , or their new neighbours . At the end of the book they simply go back to Poland . Again , it 's not clear why , or whether they feel they have succeeded or failed in their artistic endeavour . Similarly , Sontag seems to have little of interest to say about the new land . America is seen as the place where ` everything is new ' , where ` money is important ' and where you can ` create your own future ' . No major insights there ! There are things to enjoy and appreciate in the book - the descriptions of theatrical life being particularly interesting - but these are are few and far between.Sontag is an extremely self-conscious narrator , constantly reminding the reader that she is there , commenting on the story she is telling . This prevents her from losing herself in the story , and the reader from doing the same . This is partly a problem of the novel of ideas . Yet plenty of other authors have managed to bring a novel of ideas alive , Milan Kundera being a good example . Sadly , as in her other fictional work , the reader of In America feels the presence of the theorist/philosopher too strongly to be able to enjoy the book as a work of fiction , and is left feeling frustrated .
 Electing to read IN AMERICA beacuse of its awards I found this bloated novel to be a bit heavy on author intrusiveness . As many have pointed out , the first chapter -LRB- actually a 27 page paragraph -RRB- makes the author analyze a room of Polish people and , without knowing the language or actually hearing conversations in toto , assign them roles as if casting the play that follows . I think this is why we are left with incompletely fleshed out characters . The premise of the book -LRB- expatriation from European nobility to American homgenation -RRB- has been written before and better . There are pages of beautiful descriptive writing to be sure - Sontag is well practiced at her craft - but in the end we are left not really caring about the stolid , laborious venture through which we 've waded . Though Sontag is hypnotized by studies of history 's influences on the present , I think she writes better when she sticks to her own metier .
 What a disappointing bore ! Our reading group expected an interesting and vibrant story about the utopian communities that formed in California in the 1870s . What we got was a long-winded diatribe without enlightnment of the supposed subject matter . Where was the plot ? Where was the character development ? In terms of both style and content , our book club all agreed that this was the most poorly written book we 've read . Some of the books we 've thought had interesting , thought-provoking stories include
 I expected to like this novel ; Sontag has a wonderful reputation and the storyline had potential . Instead , it became the ONLY book I have ever found so simply awful that I could n't finish it . The style had an obnoxious quality and the main character was annoying , self-absorbed and tedious . Astoundingly irritating !
 I expected to like this novel ; Sontag has a wonderful reputation and the storyline had potential . Instead , it became the ONLY book I have ever found so simply awful that I could n't finish it . The style had an obnoxious quality and the main character was annoying , self-absorbed and tedious . Astoundingly irritating !
 I have always wanted to read this book so when I saw it at a school fair I was happy to buy it . On the cover it says it won the National Book Award of 2000 and awards mean a good read . The plot is great - a famous Polish actress decides to emigrate to America with her family and friends and start a community in southern California . The story follows their decision to move to America and the eventual failure of their community and the reinvention of self - a homage to the American dream where you can be anything in America.I wanted to like this book , its full of great detail , moments of brilliance but I could n't . I hated the writing style . It was like walking across mudflats at low tide , you sink to your thighs in the mud and each footstep is an effort but you press on thinking all the time how great it will feel to get to the other side and surely it will get easier at some point . When you finally get to the other side you are covered in mud and too exhausted to be excited about having conquered the mud flats . You just look back thinking why did I bother.Meredith Brocklebank author of In the Realm of the Golden Queen
 Our book club agrees totally with L.A. Readers Anonymous . Terrible . We spent 20 minutes discussing the book before proceeding to more critical life stories . Most of the members were disconcerted with the Chapter 0 pretension . I however , agree with A Reader from Chicago about the Edwin Booth monologue . Did we miss something there ? Or was it merely a device to show off a fancy writing style ? Nothing came together , we could n't get the point and most of the other members were FURIOUS about the lack of/misuse of punctuation and the ENDLESS rambling and repetitiveness . National Book Award ????
 OK , it sounded like an interesting novel . I love well written historical novels , and hey thei one won the National Book Award ! My only question to that is ... WHY ? It is passably OK . Mildely interesting story , laconic pacing , settings thathave been desceibed better by even the likes of John Jakes -LRB- is n't that sad , since I did NOT like his latest effort either -RRB- . I keep reading , waiting for something to happen and I have so far beenr disappointed -LRB- and I am nearly finished -RRB- . All I can say is I am glad I took this one out of the library first , otherwise I would have felt ripped off . Sorry , but awards do not a good book make . Two stars for effort and some nicely crafted language , otherwise find something else to read and do n't waste your time on on this one .
 I read this book as my first Sontag excursion . I picked it because it won the National Book Award . I was incredibly disappointed in the book . True enough , Sontag is an excellent writer and an expressive one as well . However , in this book , she seems to have been carried away by a desire to show the reader , just how many different writing styles she seems to perceive herself to have mastered . She slips into perhaps six different styles of writing in the book , ranging from the epistolary , to the stream of consciousness to the plain prose . The book is more an experiment in stylized writing techniques and the plot and story are just plain droll . I found myself wishing I was at the end , by the time I got to the half way point . While it is unusual for the NBA to give their award to such a mediocre piece of literature , it would be my recommendation to any would be reader that they NOT WASTE THEIR TIME reading THIS BOOK . It is not worth the investment . I would have rather reread the plays by Shakespeare and others that she constantly references in her book , just so the reader understands she has a complete knowledge of classic thesbian literature . I will not bother to read any of her other works , nor any future ones either .
 If I want to read a cultural history of the United States in the nineteenth century , then I read a cultural history of the United States in the nineteenth century . This boring , pretentious , rambling , self-involved , pontificating mess passes itself off as fiction , but it reads like one of those junior-high assignments where students are told to imagine themselves living in another time or place . How on earth it could have received a National Book Award is a mystery , even considering the spotty reputation of the award . One or two times I began to feel swept up in the narrative -LRB- I appreciated Bogdan 's journal entries , his unrequited pining for lovely young boys -RRB- , but quickly enough that narrative flow was dammed by another lengthy , boring letter or monologue . I would refer those who want to read a masterful book about an eastern European artist coming to America in the nineteenth century to read Josef Skvorecky 's ` Dvorak in Love ' . Now there 's a book !
 I was hoping for a long more than this from Sontag and the National Book Award committee . The story is somewhat of a cliche and the characters -- while noble in a sense -- are somewhat dull and overly introspective . This was a chore to finish .
 Once the gassy raconteuse of Chapter Zero has been endured -LRB- this device may have been charming in brief , but does not remain engaging for more than a few pages -RRB- , there is a brief , disorienting feeling of freedom as the unknown frontier of the novel is broached . Unfortunately , this exuberance dissipates immediately.Not that there is n't a terrific novel hidden In America somewhere.I ca n't help but wonder why Sontag chose to tell much of the novel from her female protagonist 's perspective , since her male narrators are so consistently vividly imagined and effective , and her female characters are not . A scene in steerage and an excerpt from Maryna 's husband 's diary are much more provocative than Maryna 's musing ... since the actress-protagonist is a motivating force and an object of adoration , there really is n't much for her to do besides inspire and wonder . Interestingly enough , this imbalance , this failure of imagination when portraying male and female perspectives , is also evident in The Volcano Lover -LRB- a much more fully realized book -RRB- . Perhaps the questions Sontag asked herself in writing this book were never satisfactorily answered for -LRB- asked by ? -RRB- the author ... or perhaps the book means to evoke the aridity of both failed dreams and success , as well as the narcissism of the theater and the heavy blankness of the American gaze.Regardless , this is not generally a diverting reading experience , nor is it particularly engaging as a novel of ideas .
 The designation of `` National Book Award Winner '' has lost all credibility . What were the criteria for winning ? My book club has been meeting for over 14 years and we unanimously voted this book as the worst book we have ever read .
 This National Book Award Winner is the story of a famous Polish actress who emigrates to the United States in 1875 , with her husband , child , and an entourage of friends and would-be-lovers to start a new and idyllic life for themselves on a commune farm located near the German settlement of Anaheim , CA . They are artists , writers , actors , and nobility who fail at farming in the hot , dry climate they chose to cultivate . Maryna Lezowska -LRB- real life Helena Modrzejewska -RRB- changed her name to Marina Zalenska -LRB- real life Helena Modjeska -RRB- returned to acting and began a triumphant career in America . Called the ` Countess ' as a publicity ploy because of her marriage to a Polish count , Marina became famous across this country and astounded audience after audience with performances of Portia and Lady Macbeth , two among many roles she portrayed . I was amazed by her memory . She performed one arduous role after another , a different play every night of the week , but the heroines sounded so similar
 i have not read other sontag works and was really looking forward to this novel by way of introduction . however , other than the highly creative and stunning `` chapter zero '' there was little to this book . the storyline seemed boring if not trite , and i did not find the writing style particularly interesting either . maryna had my attention off and on , but she and many of the other characters seemed flat to me , alternating between not-quite-alive to over-alive . short of RAVE reviews for some other piece of writing by her , i wo n't be sampling her other works any time soon .
 I wish I had come to Amazon.com and read all the negative reviews before I wasted $ ... on this junk . I read the rave reviews on the back of the book and foolishly bought it . It is a rambling collection of pages about a period of history in which I have no interest -LRB- the 1800 's -RRB- and the writing in very choppy and boring . The back of the book gave no clue as to the time period or the nationality of the characters . The `` coming to America '' stories are my least favorite . I never , ever throw books in the trash-I usually give them to charity or to the library . I threw this one away . I want this book off the street , so no other poor soul would make the same mistake I did and read this drivel .
 Award winning literature should provoke thoughtful questions . Susan Sontag 's `` In America '' prompted my bookclub to ask
 I share the same sentiment that others have expressed
 I have enjoyed the depth of Susan Sontag 's lucid , witty essays in the New Yorker magazine , and recently we saw her on Cspan Book - TV . A caller asked what would be the best introduction to her writings , and she suggested her novel `` In America . `` This book was surprisingly disappointing to me . I kept waiting to get swept up into it , but came to the last page with only a sense of duty for finishing . The characters are drawn well enough , the time frame -LRB- post-Civil War America -RRB- is interesting , but the book failed to engage me somehow . Sontag has an affinity for the movies and for actors ; she has created as the lead character a Polish actress who finds stellar success on the American stage.I will continue to enjoy Sontag 's essays but doubt I will read another of her novels .
 This book is the first I have read by Susan Sontag . But I thought , National Book Award , it must be excellent . I was disappointed , however , when I had to force my way through the quasi-historical prelude to Chapter One . Relieved to make it to the first chapter , at least by now the characters are making sense . I literally force myself to finish this book . None of the characters are appealing , form Maryna , the actress , to her husband , Bogdon , or her lover , Ryszard , all Polish immigrants . Surely the most self-involved of all is Maryna , her main topic of interest being herself and her effect on other people . The plot and sub-plots all revolve around this woman . She dominates the entire landscape of everyone 's thoughts . Why ? `` Frankly , my dear , to borrow a phrase , I do n't give a damn . '' All the historical detail in the world can not save this book . I also purchased THE VOLCANO LOVER , but after this experience , I think I 'll pass both books on to those obsessed with 18th century verbage . Historical is one thing , mind-numbing is another .
 In America intends to be an `` important '' act of `` literature . '' It is not . It is not even a good read . In the whole story of Maryna Zalezowska , a Polish actress who emigrates to America with a horde of friends and admirers , fails to found a commune farm , and returns to success on the stage , the only remotely memorable moments are snapshots of local color that are almost digressions from the story itself.The account of two of the characters ' sea passage across the Atlantic , focusing on the contrast between their first-class accommodations and those in steerage , actually is touching . There are descriptions of 19th century New York , early Anaheim , and Comstock Lode silver mining towns that might make a die-hard jingoist shed a tear , not because they are flattering of America , but just because they portray her painted large in all the false glory of the gilded age . The last chapter , a long , rambling , almost humorous monologue by Edwin Booth as he half-heartedly tries to seduce the protagonist by telling her how pathetic a person he is , is worth reading -LRB- or maybe that was only my impression because it was the end of the book -RRB- . But these highlights are actually digressions from the story itself . The real story , revolves around Maryna , who is terribly uninteresting . She possesses a self-centeredness that enables her to do whatever she wants and entrain those around her in her wake , but when one looks closer to see what aspects of her character this self-centeredness might stem from , there is nothing . No innate charisma beyond being a beautiful woman , no grand ideas other than those lifted wholesale from 19th century French social theorists , no traits of human mobility , as if a present-day purveyor of postmodern literature could condescend to believe in such a thing . By authorial fiat , Maryna is the center of her world , but she lacks the attributes that might enable her to be the center of the reader 's . Since Maryna must be the focal point of the book , on several times another character 's subplot is developed just to the point of becoming interesting , only to be promptly aborted . One couple in the commune , Julian and Wanda , have latent marital problems that America brings into much clearer focus . Wanda makes a suicide attempt , and then the characters are shipped back to Poland and mostly forgotten about . Maryna begins an affair with her persistent admirer Ryszard . It turns stale and ends . We discover Maryna 's husband Bogdan is sexually attracted to the Mexican farmhands in Anaheim , but this goes nowhere as it is immaterial to Maryna 's career , and by extension the book . Basically , the whole novel revolves around an innately uninteresting person , and all other characters must become even more completely two-dimensional to avoid supplanting her.In America contains nothing worth caring about . It contains a few digressions that are n't enslaved to Maryna 's story , and in these digressions , Sontag shows she is capable of writing a much better book . However , she did not do so .
 Hugely disappointing . This book promises more than it really delivers . Having lived and worked as an architect in Africa , I found theresearch superficial and use of outdated references gives african architecture a less than positve image.I dont recoomend this book at all .
 This book was a noble effort to shed light on a subject that most people know nothing about , but it misses the mark in literary style . In other words , it would be nice to have for reference , but it 's nearly impossible to read . The style is akin to what I 'd expect from a high school student writing a research paper . Elleh 's triple heritage theory -LRB- traditional , Islamic and colonial influences on African styles -RRB- appears throughout the book , but never is it defended clearly and cohesively . I 'd like to see this book re-written and professionally edited . With the amount of research that Elleh put into this work , the potential is there for a truly great book .
 Dear Sirs , When I have ordered the book I thought it will be excellent sourse for me before studing some particular topic . But I was disapointed when I read it from the very begining . It is simply poor . African architecture is very rich . It is hard to imagine how the author could write such a poor book . Photos are also not very good . Everyone who understand and can `` read '' arcitecture would write that there is not enough information even on the subjects which are described in the book.I would say this book should cost less .
 I watched the movie based on this story several times and finally found the book it was based on at Amazon . This is my take on the novel.The protagonist is Sinuhe , an Egyptian physician who lived at the time of Pharaoh Akhenaten about 1300 years before Christ . Sinuhe is translated as `` he who is alone . `` The story begins as Sinuhe is an old man writing his memoirs in exile somewhere in what is now known as Palestine . He had been the royal physician but had to flee after the death of Pharaoh Akenaten.Tutankhamen , the boy king , also plays a peripheral part in the tale , but generally the story is a fly on the wall first person view of Egyptian life , art , architecture and religion.The Egyptian is probably one of the first historical novels that gave the life of ancient people in a first person account more or less like what we call a romance novel or boy 's adventure story.I would guess that Edgar Rice Burroughs , Jack London , and Herman Melville are likely influences of Finnish author Mika Waltari but the writing of The Egyptian is only fair at best . The descriptive passages are the best but the dramatic development is thin . There are fairly uninteresting romantic undertakings of the various characters introduced as the story develops.For those who always complain `` the book is better , '' in the case of this novel I assert that the movie was better . Although not a prizewinner by any stretch of the imagination , the epic movie by Fox used premium inputs like CinemaScope , TechniColor , director Michael Curtiz , and a raft of big stars like Gene Tierney , Jean Simmons , Edmund Purdom , Michael Wilding , Victor Mature , Bella Darvi , and Peter Ustinov.With my knowledge of the film I came expecting a good story to read in the 500 + page novel but found the good parts few and far between . The screenwriters apparently got everything they could out of the book even though the movie was overlong and not always coherent.A product of Chicago Review Press , the novel is paperback , 512 pages , and is suitable for reading on a long trip or if you can not sleep . I went to sleep with it several times so it does serve for bedtime reading material .
 I loved this book when reading it in my language , but after getting an english copy for a friend I noticed it is about half as long -LRB- some 300 pages missing -RRB- and heavily edited . Having read the original this seemed to completely ruin the book , leaving out way too many nuances from the story . I have n't found an uncut english version yet .
 This book basically is a re-write of Platform SDK documentation on Microsoft Cluster Service . All the information that you need on MSCS is already available in Platform SDK -LRB- which is free -RRB- . If you are looking for additional info that what 's in Platform SDK this book is n't the one you want to buy . Wish I spent the money on some other book !
 This book serves as a very general introduction to visual design , but it does n't have much `` meat '' to it . Specifically , it might tell the reader to do something , and it might explain why the reader should do something , but it provides no references to all the research and studies that back up the theory.That 's perfectly fine for people who want to just get some general concepts , but it 's completely unacceptable for advanced college students -LRB- especially at the masters or PhD level -RRB- or those who are truely interested or experienced in this area.If you want a truly definitive book on design theory -- especially with respect to paper -LRB- and to a lesser extent online -RRB- design theory -- you MUST get Karen Schriver 's `` Dynamics in Document Design
 This book was required for a graduate course in visual communications . The book is written in a style of chest-puffing academic balderdash that renders it useless and unreadable . Crummy paper and truly ugly illustrations add to the miasma . I usually keep classroom texts but I 'm selling back this one . I wo n't get much money though because it 's so poorly bound that it looks much more used than it really was . Poor unlucky student who buys it .
 The content of this book is not bad , but the actual quality of product is horrendous.I have had this text for about a week and the pages have already become unbound . Some of the pages look like they were printed on a photocopier running out of ink . The text is fine , but the graphs look terrible . One would think that a book about design would have put more thought into their own design and production run.My gripe is simply that this book is too much money for the truly piss-poor physical quality . $ 76 for a book whose binding became unglued in the first week ? $ 76 for a text whose pages look like they were printed on with an empty toner cartridge ? This is a sick joke ! Designing Visual Language is a piece of junk and Allyn & Bacon should be ashamed of themselves for having no quality control.Addendum ... I 'm wondering why people have not found this review helpful . Is it because they want to buy a book that is poorly made ? If so , I invite you to buy the book . Unless Allyn & Bacon make some serious changes , you 'll soon think , `` Maybe his review WAS helpful after all ! '' but by that time you 'll be out $ 76 .
 I would not recommend this book for those wishing to learn design in either practical execution or theory . But it does extend rhetorical theory into the visual realm . This may work for readers who have some understanding of verbal rhetoric but little to no understanding of visual design . However , someone , maybe an instructor , is going to have explain some of the convoluted writing and abbreviated topics.It has the following weaknesses on first read through : * Circuitous style of writing -- overly academic and wordy ; * Horribly inaccurate from a professional 's standpoint on design . The chapter on typography is particularly egregious ; * It is woefully dated -LRB- I did read the 2nd edition -RRB- and found the chapter on data displays to show that particular weakness . Further , the writing style choice of case study narrative would not have been my personal choice in showing writing conciseness ; * Limited in its approach regarding visual theory . Focusing on Gestalt and the author 's own cognate approach it ignores any other theories of visual perception ; * A critical lapse was not addressing color theory at length . Color is mentioned in a subsidiary manner towards the supra graphical analysis and as a casual element in other chapters but nothing of note.Frankly , I would NEVER choose this book for a course nor recommend it to either a professional or someone wanting to learn the field . You would be better off using Lipton 's _ Practical Guide to Information Design _ and I hate to say it , Kimball 's _ Document Design _ which has very quick summations on large topics but at least it addresses those topics unlike Kostelnick . For people wanting to learn design then Krause 's Design Basics Index , Golombivsky 's _ White Space is Not Your Enemy _ , Williams ' Non-Design series and anything by McWade would be a good start .
 I thought this book stunk . He must of been really desperate to publish a book . It was like reading a porly written history book . I could n't understand anything he said . I did n't know who was who and where everything is . He repeated himself alot and jumped around . It really bit , even though I gave it a star it deserves no stars .
 I think the arthur was really desperate when he set out to write a book about the people that is not his race and at the time of his travel , the people he wrote about were normads and now today , they are reading his book . It is interesting .
 `` Can an eleven-year old tell the difference ? '' To quote Feder himself there . Oh , think of the children.First thing I did when I received the book was read the back . Includes endorsements from Pat Robertson and Oliver L. North . The guy who recently got in some trouble for calling for the assassination of Hugo Chavez , a democratically elected president of a sovereign nation endorses this book . And Oliver North , that other guy who secretly and illegally sold arms to Iran in order to make money to overthrow Daniel Ortega 's democratically elected government in Nicaragua.So , this book is endorsed by high-level criminal masterminds and wannabes . But , those are just endorsements the publisher added , not the actual book . I 'll still give it a chance.Don Feder opposes the pagans of America . Pagans are essentially defined here to mean all those who are n't Judeo-Christian . Particularly those who are moral-relativists and those with poor work-ethic . These two traits go hand in hand for the pagans apparently.One of Feder 's most interesting examples of a pagan is Frank Zappa . Zappa has actually talked about striving to act like a true pagan , so Feder seems to be onto something . Just , apparently , the wrong thing . Zappa was that guy who wrote a lot of really complex and interesting music . Well he did n't just write a lot , he wrote a tremendous amount . Being an employee for Zappa was compared to being in basic training for the Marines . And Zappa was most demanding to himself . So work ethic 's apparently not missing in this pagan . And then also every step of the way in Zappa 's highly prolific life his resolute ethics was left in his wake . He espoused free-association for all and commonly railed against the situational ethics he saw around him . This is probably why Zappa 's music was listened to behind the Iron Curtain . Listened to surrepetitiously by people who saw hope and beauty in Zappa 's music when they were under the oppressive control of the Soviets . Lithuania even has a publically-installed bust of him in Vilnius commemorating the joy he brought people of the country . But , as Feder says , he named his daughter Moon Unit , so he does n't have any credibility . I guess because Moon Unit is a weird name and people who do weird , anti-social things like that just got ta be no good , socially-destructive pagans . Like the Rolling Stones.According to Feder the Rolling Stones made this song called Murder by Numbers which advocates the killing of family members . Oh , but Feder is wrong twice in one sentence . But this is no suprise at this point of the book -LRB- about three quarters through -RRB- . The Police wrote that song . And is does n't advocate killing family members . It actually expresses the evil of some politicians and how they kill people . But talking about murder and telling stories of murder must be advocating murder I guess is what Feder is saying . Maybe because eleven-year-olds ca n't tell the difference ? Perhaps someone should tell whoever wrote the Old Testament this . Seems to be a lot of murder and sodomy in that thing . Eleven-year-olds might start sodomizing and murdering because of it . The author should probably convert to an Abrahamic religion ... but not Islam , maybe just Judaism or Christianity , and then repent for such disregard of the social fabric of America.The most interesting bit of information Feder supplies is a poll . A `` 1989 '' poll where something over 60 % of people responded that they believe life starts at conception and another something over 60 % of those still believe it would be alright to kill that unborn life at the advice of a doctor . But alas , no more information on where this startling poll came from . Does anyone know?There 's a lot more of the same . Bizarre characterizations of people , statements of facts I 've never heard with no references to check and statements of facts I know to be wrong . The only thing that seriously sticks with me from this book though is him mentioning Frank Zappa.Why ca n't Feder make something which critiques immorality without being cynical , like Zappa 's satires ? Zappa questioned moral relativism and the evils and stupidity in society while remaining hopeful and positive . Feder looks at the world and can do nothing but speak cynically and disrepectfully because he 's apparently blind to all of the good things that are out there.Two stars for trying to help the world , but only two because Feder should help himself before he tries to help others . Kind of like when the oxygen masks come down when the airplane depressurizes . You put your mask on first , then your kid 's . Feder should try to see the good that is right there in front of him before demanding everyone look for it in Judeo-Christianity and nowhere else .
 What the author of the book lacks in logic he makes up in angry rethoric . Feder simply makes no attempt at following the most elementary use of logic . His conclusions are pure dogma . For example , he -LRB- rightfully -RRB- criticizes Nazism and Communism for causing much horror throughout their respective history . However , when discussing Christianity , Feder argues that it can not be judged because of all the bloodshed and wars it has caused because human beings distorted a good idea . In other words , it is ok to use empirical evidence to criticize ideologies I do n't like , but not those I like . In other passages , Feder suggests that conservatives are a tiny persecuted minority . Which is all fine and well if it was n't for the fact that they control the presidency , the House , the Senate , and the Supreme Court . The whole book is littered with similar examples of glaring contradictions . A classic case of `` my mind is made up . do n't confuse me with facts . ''
 Don Feder was so busy focusing on other people 's families when he wrote this book that his own son got expelled from the entire state public school system as a danger to his fellow classmates . Feder goes apoplectic over gays and lesbians , Dr. Benjamin Spock , Puerto Ricans , and anyone else who does n't fit his narrow view of what is right , but would his own skills as a parent survive such scrutiny ? In on piece , Feder rants about how `` father-absent homes '' produce children more likely to commit crimes and engage in violent behavior . ...
 Do n't waste your money on this book ! I bought it thinking it would be a good resource book for teens , but it 's horrible ! The authors talk down to you as if we are the lowest scum on Earth . They have lists that just put you down like `` 10 Ways to Tell if you are a Nerd '' and others that are just plain stupid -LRB- `` The 17 Greatest Weird Al Songs of All Time '' -RRB- . I will admit that there are a FEW good articles on CDs and books , but they do not even begin to make up for the rest of the book .
 If you 're looking for a collection of things to put on sticky-notes over your desk , this is it . Unfortunately , if you actually want some advice and to learn to write better , this is not the book to pick.Mainly , it 's quite a lot of quotes from famous and semi-famous authors on writing . All very well and good in moderation , but a whole bleeding book on this is just a tad bit much . Not the sort of thing one wants to read all the way through -- and after a while , it 's not the thing you want to read at all.One of the things is , it attempts to cover too many subjects . It covers , I think , play-writing , screenwriting , poems , short stories , and novels . This just was madly over-ambitious , as there are entire books on each subject . Thus , the advice is vauge , unspecific , repetitive , and nothing new or enlightening at all.The ` author ' , who really did little actual writing for thing book -- he admits this in a sluggish introduction -- often contradicts himself and , in an effort to include the most quotes in the book never includes his own opinion . How can one write a book on writing and manage to do this ? The other writing books I 've come across are mostly lumps of opinion , and this book felt weak for the lack of it . Like it was trying to be inoffensive.Don ' t bother spending the money on this , I would say . Subscribe to Writers ' Digest instead , or buy Anne Lammott 's Bird by Bird -- those are more than vauge ramblings on the craft , and worth the money . I 'm glad this is only a library book .
 I had heard about this book in the early 1980 's and I was happy to find it in a second hand book shop -LRB- Charlie Byrnes in Galway , the best on the planet ! -RRB- earlier this year.The book is in the Gosforth Park territory , a weekend in a English great House during the Edwardian period , and purposely aims to be a microcosm of English society on the brink of the Great War.The occasion is in weekend of shooting organised by Sir Randolph Nettleby and the story slowly unwinds , however with a certain tension as the author tells us at the outset that there will be an error of judgement which will result in a death . A significant amount of characters of all classes are gradually introduced , representing the various strands of English society at the time . The book is quite descriptive about the countryside , the heaviness of the clothes and the sheer logistics of organising the shooting of the various birds . I found the description of the shooting and the mounds of dead birds quite revolting , and its clear the author , without directly saying so , see this as a symbol of the barbarism which lurked under the genteel surface.The tension was maintained through the various narratives , as the reader keeps wondering who will die and how . For most of the story I was convinced it was going to be a small boy , Nettleby 's grandson , who had a pet duck which had wondered off.I have two basic disappointments with the book , the most glaring was the characterisation - it seemed that each individual had to represent a type , the proprietor who valued tradition and frowned on competition among his guests , the loyal woodsman , the village boy who would come good through education , the poacher , the do-gooder who preaches animal rights , the adulterous ladies , the foreigner and the nouveau riche Jew . While each is brought to life , I felt the author started with the stereotype and tried to characterise it , in particular the foreigner - a Hungarian nobleman - has no redeeming features . The other disappointment was with the prose style - its quite densely descriptive , I found I had to read and re-read sections , to be sure I had n't missed something .
 No question the author , Stephen Foehr , knows his stuff about Nashville . He obviously spent a lot of time interviewing well-known -LRB- and not so well-known -RRB- country artists , as well as people behind the scenes - producers , writers , etc. . The weakness in the book , from my perspective , is that it is too wordy . There are too many details and too much repetition . I found myself skipping ahead to more interesting parts of the book.If you are interested in reading a very detailed `` fact-book '' about the state of the country music industry in Nashville , then this is your book . However , if you 're looking for a fun , engaging read , you might want to look elsewhere .
 I 'm not a big fan of dismissing someone 's work and I really wanted to find something valid in Emoto 's `` research '' but his lack of respect for the scientific method has tainted his work . I 've seen him in person , my exchange student from Japan was on hand to help him if he got stuck with his English and I was sadly disappointed by how his conduct contradicted his premise and made his work seem like it 's about making money , not finding scientific evidence . Scientific discoveries need to be clearly outlined with their method so the results can be tested and reproduced . He has been suspiciously vague.Emoto paints a pleasant picture but there is no substance . And unfortunatly after seeing how he treated my exchange student and his own assistant , I ca n't take him seriously . Seeing him in person was my last ditch attempt to find something legit in his work , and I came away more disappointed than ever .
 I am a water efficiency consultant . I am fascinated and amazed by the magical beauty of water . But I also recognize that there are many scientific principles that govern the behavior of water . That science does not detract from the beauty and mystery of water for me . I do not need to throw science out the window to appreciate that beauty but apparently many others do . I once watched a 2 hour slide show and talk by Mr. Emoto , hoping to ask questions . He refused to take any questions afterwards , even though I had plenty . Where are the side by side comparisons of the ice structure of the same water that did not have the word or picture influences ? Until similar photos are created with a control group and with the involvement of neutral 3rd party scientists , I can not believe any of the claims . But I will always have a childlike amazement at the endless beauty and mystery of water .
 This book as my title says reads more like a personal journal or story thats been turned into a book for public reading . If you are expectiong any sort of clinical , breakdown , or explanantion past a personal account of the authors finding and experiences forget about it . Theres so much this book could have gone into and detailed but it does not . The authors simply tells the reading what he thinks , feels , and does about things . In a way the book is quite simplistic ; lots of wonderment but not very mature . As for the author 's `` theory '' ... I think that hes way too late to clai . The discovery and understanding of sound or intent shaping and having influnces on water or liquids is very old and ancient . He is not the first or the last who will happen upon such revelations . The photos in the book are very nice ... very wonderful to look at but the depth and detail is missing on the professional level about them in many ways.He is supposed a professional but he more like a lay person who wrote . He mentions people in the book -LRB- like a research collegue -RRB- who should be addressed by name and/or professional title ... instead this person is mentioned so anonymously its ridiculous . This book lacks a lot that it could be .
 I had a friend approach me about this topic so I started looking into it . I 've read his website -LRB- http://www.masaru-emoto.net -RRB- and all of the people who support this work . I have not been able to find one bit of real science in any of it . Please do n't waste your money on this book as it is all nonsense . I have nothing against mystical ideas , they are just not science . The issue I have with this guy is not that he claims that a glass of water can make pretty crystals when you say `` I love you '' to it . It 's the conclusions that are drawn about the human body . If you rely souly on good thoughts , your cancer is not going to go away , no matter how much water is in the human body . This is not science , a proper experiment was not done to produce the results that Emoto got . I challenge any one of you to reproduce the results that Emoto produced . He claims that a polluted glass of water with the word `` love '' written on it will clean itself up , and a second glass of the same water with `` hate '' written on it will get dirtier . What language can water read ? Or is it the mystical `` vibrations '' that you send to the glass of water that do the cleaning ? What happens if you write `` love '' but think `` hate '' ? Will the water be confused ? Be logical about this and do n't be taken for a fool by people like Masaru Emoto . He is making tons of money off of people who want to believe in something more than science . If that 's the case with you , I 'm sure there 's a church around the corner.Be a critical thinker , James
 Why do you suppose Dr. Emoto does n't try to publish his findings in a peer reviewed science journal ? Why do you suppose that other scientists have been unable to replicate his work ? Why do you suppose Dr. Emoto does n't use the scientifically necessary double blind trial in his experiments?Crystals form different shapes from even slightly different contaminants in the water . Mr. Emoto is apparently sitting on this blockbuster scientific discovery , without attempting to perform his experiments in a scientifically proper fashion or allowing peer review so that other scientists may take him seriously . Why do you all suppose that is ?
 Well , yeah , I saw `` What the * bleep * Do We Know '' and got very excited and bought all of these books . While I appreciate Mr Emoto 's subtley and humility in presenting his work , it winds up being just as hard to stomach that much of it is thinly veiled hoopla with little or no solid science behind it . He fails to explain how many photos he took of each kind of water he photographed for instance -- there are just too many gaping holes . But hey , what the bleep do I know ? When it comes down too it , I think this sort of physics , philospohy/spiritual theory of everything -- kind of stuff is just as undocumentable and faith based as any other sort of religious ideology . More than just a little bit disappointing for those of us who are still looking .
 Pretty pictures , intriguing idea , but little information to back it up . What was the methodology ? Have the results been replicated ? Where is the science here ? Lightweight .
 Dr. Emoto is currently working on a way to isolate happiness in water and replicate it synthetically with lincoln logs and eye of newt.This book is a wonderful example of how empirical science is trying to deny Dr. Emoto access to the enriched uranium he so desperately requires which will allow automobiles to crap rainbows under a sky with diamonds.Finally someone has taken all the guess-work out of thinking so I can get back to breeding an army of sasquatch .
 What are all you people thinking ? Anyone who rates this highly and/or takes an interest in this is basically a qwack . Save your cash , or if you 're considering this put your head in the toilet for a better `` read '' about water .
 Dr. Emoto weaves a crystaline web of distraction , where emotions take prevelance over science.He undertook extensive research of water around the planet not so much as a scientific researcher but more from the perspective of an original thinker . At length he realized that it was in the frozen crystal form that water showed us its true nature through.Uh Huh , and gravity is a giant hand encouraging me to stay grounded in case Zues is angered and throws a mighty thunderbolt my way .
 Oh boy , `` irrefutable proof '' of the power of prayer , how scientific . This is just another heap of stuperstitious bunk to throw atop the rubbish pile of new age pseudoscience.Anyone can take a picture of water to make it look however they want it to look .
 This is not the movie What the Bleep ? This is a movie about the making of the movie What the Bleep ? I feel that I was tricked into buying it .
 I 'm terribly distraught by the previous reviewer 's insistence on `` scientific reasoning '' , `` control experiments '' and the like . I for one REFUSE to accept this utter nonsense about the influence of `` pressure '' , `` molecular structure '' , `` temperature '' , `` humidity '' , and other `` measurable quantities '' on the formation of water crystals , or , as laymen would call them , `` ice '' . Why , just the other day I spent an hour screaming `` f**k ! '' at a glass of ice water until my dog told me to stop because I had hurt its feelings -LRB- my dog is very much in tune with hydrological vibrations , you see -RRB- . So if you want to waste your time on `` science '' , I recommend you enroll in a university course on general chemistry , where I guarantee you 'll just end up spending hours on end `` thinking critically '' and working all sorts of hard problems before you actually learn anything worth knowing -- Emoto 's book is so much easier ! Moreover , I 'll bet none of your professors who have spent their entire professional careers as `` scientists '' will acknowledge your higher plane of hydrological understanding .
 Literally incredible . I mean it lacks a scintilla of credibility . How far does someone have to go with wild , speculative , unsupportable , obviously illogical theories before every human being , even the most gullible , would say `` do you think ... nahh ! '' Clearly we as a people are desperate to find meaning , even if we have to impose the most inane theory imaginable on our world . And how convenient that it asks so little of us
 After several dozen requests by our website visitors to review and comment on Emoto 's books and `` research '' , we set up an extensive webpage detailing the how and why of Emoto 's activities.At www.aquatechnology.net/emoto.html we review the simplistic explanations of `` magical thinking '' to the cultural influences of Feng Shui on Emoto 's psyche ; we also discuss the psychology of subjective validation and how it is being used to promote Emoto 's ideas and books.The world is full of individuals who swoon over vibrational medicine , subtle energy , the New Age view of interconnected energies as well as the occult bookshelves where Emoto 's books are found.Other reviewers who have given Emoto 's the five star restaurant rating clearly fall into these categories and would do well to step back and evaluate their own cognitive abilities to differentiate between science , pseudo-science and outright , crass data and research manipulation.The book , submitted for public consumtion as a `` photo essay '' is fraught with both inconsistencies and fractured logic and leaves one wondering if this new discovery is indeed so dramatic and groundbreaking , why Emoto or others have been unable to duplicate such results nor provide peer-reviewed documentation as to how to validate its veracity or much less its very existance .
 If you want to say something is scientific , you have to let people look at what you 're doing . You have to let them try for themselves . And if they show that what you 're doing does n't work , you need to be honest about it and admit it yourself . Dr. Emoto fails on each of these points.This book is fake . The scientists in What the Bleep agree that this work is not convincing at all . -LRB- The non-scientists are willing to accept it . -RRB- There 's nothing wrong with fiction . There 's nothing wrong with astrology . There 's nothing wrong with this book . There is something wrong with calling it truth . That 's ugly .
 I first became aware of Dr. Emoto 's claims through the subway scene in the movie `` What the BLEEP do we know ? '' I applied several tools from Carl Sagan 's Baloney Detection Kit to the claims . I searched the peer-reviewed scientific literature in the PubMed database at National Library of Medicine and , among the 12 million or so articles there , I found a single report by Dr. Emoto in what appeared to be a reputable journal . However , upon closer inspection , the article was described in this journal as a `` Photoessay '' and did not even come close to meeting the criteria for a true scientific study . If anyone can validate the results of Dr. Emoto 's version of homeopathy , James Randi may have a million-dollar prize for you . If you want to be truly inspired by the awe and mystery and spirituality of nature , check out Ursula Goodenough 's book .
 The Earth 's * surface area * is nearly 70 % water , but its total mass is a paltry 0.023 % H20 . That 's hardly significant . In the human body , water is distributed differently in various areas
 Like many others , I became aware of this book through the excellent film `` What the Bleep ? '' and had high expectations for the message . The book started off interestingly enough , but as it went on , I became more and more put off by Emoto 's lack of scientific perspective , even as he was claiming to be performing `` research . `` To be clear , I am very open minded and actively seek out cutting-edge ideas that push the envelope of our concepts of ` reality . ' However , if a photo is shown of an ice crystal that purportedly got its shape from a prayer or a phrase or a song , a rational thinking person wants to know , `` Out of a billion crystals that may have formed at that instant , how representative -LRB- or * subjectively selective * -RRB- is that photo that is being shown of the entire population of the crystals in the mix ? '' Careful statistical evaluations would be necessary to establish any solid basis for Emoto 's theses . Yet no hard data such as this exists in this book . I am open to these ideas , even want to believe in them , but , where 's the beef?After viewing the photos and Emoto 's captions describing them , it would be hard for an objective person -- regardless of their level of open-mindedness and optimism -- to not see that his interpretations are extemely subjective and dubious . Although I was trying to hang with him , he really lost me at the point where he showed a photo of a crystal from water that had been shown a picture of a crop circle and told us the crystal looked like a UFO . -LRB- To be fair , I was fascinated by the four crystal photos of Vivaldi 's Four Seasons - they seemed to fit the seasons very well . -RRB- There 's ` good ' new age , and there 's ` bad ' new age ; it was very disappointing that this book drifted into the latter . I am still open to the idea that H2O may have interesting messages ; Emoto just fundamentally fails to deliver . It received two stars because it is a nicely published book , and it did stimulate me to fantisize that , applying REAL scientific research , these ideas may lead to something interesting ... someday .
 Introduction
 Well , the photos are pretty . Cool idea but , as a Ph.D , I am appalled at the research methods . As a spiritual person , I appreciate what he has to say . Much more below : My contention with this book is that the research is so clinically unsound , unscientific , and haphazardly rendered that it can bear no weight at all . Also , this seems to be a spiritual book looking for a mystifying way to support the author 's points of view about conscious life , while showing some pretty photos garnered from water crystals as evidence . I have Ph.D. and I do n't buy it -- pun intended . -LRB- Actually , the book was a gift : -RRB- Faulty , unsupportable , unsound , unscientific , and extremnely simplistic research experiments . In one type of experiment , the author writes a word on a piece of paper and tape it to a glass of water -- word facing water -- then wait and observe the crystal formations of the water . He takes photos and concludes that the water is responding directly to the word -LRB- and not to him , not to anything else that might be in the environment.However , there is no proof for the `` messages from water '' theory provided in this book -- he concludes that water creates certain `` peaceful '' and `` beautiful '' crystal patterns for positive words , emotions , and icky ones for negative words , emotions . Furthermore , the experiments did not account for the subjectivity of his own culturally-informed value judgments regarding what is considered positive/negative . For instance , same example
 The basic premise of this entire book and the philosophy of Masaru Emoto is that water crystals are affected by thoughts , attitudes and feelings . This is a very exciting idea and one that I really do want to believe in.However , never in this book is there any scientific research - absolutely none . The most basic principle of scientific research is reproducible results by reputable third parties . Who are Emoto-son 's researchers ? Allow me to quote , `` I wrote this experiment in the book that I published , and as a result hundreds of families throughout Japan conducted this same experiment for themselves . EVERYONE reported the same results . '' And that 's all you get folks!Really , I want to believe , I really do , but show some respect to human logic and scientific discipline . If there is ANY real research it should be in the book .
 I purchased this book having read the reviews on Amazon first ... . which just goes to show how variable we all are in our judgemental levels , Eh?First , let 's be quite clear on one thing , as the word ` science ' is mentioned so often by other reviewers of this book ; there is no science in this book what so ever . The methodology used -LRB- where one can divine it -RRB- to ` test ' water crystals is completely undocumented , unregimented and without rigour . Any results reported in this book therefore MUST be seen as conjecture , and highly coloured conjecture at that . I really was hoping for something better . The text itself is just chock-full of unqualified statements about the author 's conclusions , as in `` we can see ... '' and `` it can be inferred ... '' and so on , when in actuality it is far from clear to see and it really ca n't be inferred at all . My hackles were well and truly up by the time the author administered the Coup de Grace , and I quote
 It 's interesting that no one else seems to be able to replicate Mr. Emoto 's findings . While fascinating in thought , the fact needs to be proven .
 Utter nonsense - forget whether or not the concept of the book is believable - I would like to think so . But there is simply no basis for the author 's conclusions - no scientific studies , no proof , just this individual claiming all these unsupported conclusions on his personal experiments . Moreover , it is simply ludicrous to believe that somehow water , in any form or essence , would respond to our printed language - as some of his `` experiments '' allegedly have proven . Are we so arrogant to believe that somehow another force -LRB- whatever -RRB- is going to place the same meaning we place on a jumbled collection of letters written in what we refer to as `` Japanese '' or `` English '' or whatever language the author was using in these so-called experiments ? This may be the most inane book I have ever seen - impossible to take it seriously .
 This book is full of misunderstandings of basic physics and even arithmetic . It is either fraud or just utterly stupid . There are many fairly good pictures of ice crystals , and the basic messages , e.g. `` The world is linked together by love and gratitude '' are nice and can provoke thought.Some reviewers defend this book saying things like `` it is n't meant to be scientifically rigorous '' or `` it is n't a science journal '' or even `` It just dos n't seem like valid science to people who lack the author 's brilliant insight . '' But , the main thrust of the book is an attempt to provide a foundation for thoughts about love and water through what is purported as experimental results and valid scientific theory . The `` facts '' are not accurate , are misunderstood , or just make no sense . There seems to be a longing among many readers for scientific validation of spiritual ideas , but I think it is a disservice to take advantage of their gullibility and ignorance , as this book does .
 I 'm not a big fan of dismissing someone 's work and I really wanted to find something valid in Emoto 's `` research '' but his lack of respect for the scientific method has tainted his work . I 've seen him in person , my exchange student from Japan was on hand to help him if he got stuck with his English and I was sadly disappointed by how his conduct contradicted his premise and made his work seem like it 's about making money , not finding scientific evidence . Scientific discoveries need to be clearly outlined with their method so the results can be tested and reproduced . He has been suspiciously vague .
 The things that people will believe in continue to amaze and utterly depress me . Learn just a bit of science people !
 I 'm as open-minded as the next girl , but c'mon folks let 's not confuse science with sentiment . The pictures are lovely , but I think some of the analogies being wrought are deeply vested in fantasy ----- But hey , mabye the science angle is a bit much but it 's a great marketing ploy.who cares if you 're blown away , or pissed , as long as that check clears .
 If I could give this book zero stars I would.Atoms and molecules , including water , do n't know what planet they are on . They follow the laws of physics , not the whims of our emotions .
 Totally ridiculous . A Waste of time , which would be better spent watching paint dry . Unless you are doing research on deluded people . Anyone who believes this claptrap should take a course in rational thinking . I reccomend reading `` Why People Believe Weird Things '' , by Michael Shermer .
 Dr. Emoto is not a scientist , nor does he employ such methods in his '' Research '' At best this could be creative photography for junior-high year-book staff , at worst endemic of the break-down of science where charlatans rush wild un-substantiated claims to whore the un-suspecting public 's dollars and common sense . One star for ice , none for integrity , and even less for snake-oil practice .
 I wish that Amazon allowed a zero star review . There is a huge difference between being `` open minded '' and being ridiculously naive . If you believed one word in this book , you fall into the second category . Not only is every picture in this book fake and/or altered , there is not a picomole of science in the whole thing . PLEASE do n't waste your money and support this abuse of `` open-minded '' -LRB- read
 Dive into the shallow end with Mr. Emoto.Mr . Emoto has loved water-sports from a very young age.In October of 1992 he received a certificate of completion inHomeopathy , by mail , from the Open International University , ofCalcutta . It was then , he realized with painful repetition , that he learned , '' Hot water burns because ... it 's angry . `` Mr. Emoto , -LRB- That 's DOCTOR to you buddy ! -RRB- likes to torturewater through a battery of tests designed to categorize water ashappy and sad.Forget ridiculous notions such as pressure , temperature , orpurity ... these are for lesser men . Empirical science , double-blind testing , peer review publishing ? Bah ! The stuff ofcowards.Mr . Emoto has developed magic , '' Hado '' water that he claimscures many diseases . It can also be rubbed externally to removepain from stiff joints . He is shopping around for financialbackers to bring this vibrating wave -LRB- Hado -RRB- water to a storenear you.If you do not buy his water he will melt the glacial capswith mind bullets and angry water will reclaim the earth .
 If this is what is currently being billed as enlightened or envisioned research then empiricism is dead .
 Dr. Emoto is a high-ranking member of the Anunnakki Lizard people . He loves the idea of millions of people being distracted by this nonsense when there are real issues in the world to contend with.Freezing water and taking pictures is a way that Emoto will get you to join his crusade to fight against truth , justice , and the mole-men from mars . Sometimes people drown in 2 inches of water , so be careful !
 It 's sad what passes for science these days.Publishing companies used to pass over crap like this , but thanks to some stupid sheeple out there , this stuff has an audience.Shirley McClaine is looking rather noble by comparison .
 This is literally incredible . I mean it lacks a scintilla of credibility . How far does someone have to go with wild , speculative , unsupportable , obviously illogical theories before every human being , even the most gullible , would say `` do you think ... nahh ! '' Clearly we as a people are desperate to find meaning , even if we have to impose the most inane theory imaginable on our world . And how convenient that it asks so little of us
 Highly unlikely premise . No comment given in the book regarding the actual percentage of crystals sampled . Given the potential for thousands of crystals in a drop of water , how many of these were actually perfectly symmetric when some new-ager meditated over them?We do n't know , because `` Dr. '' Emoto does n't mention it in his book.I bet the guy 's having a good laugh at the gullible public ... as they say , no one 's ever gone broke underestimating the intelligence of the public.Dr . Emoto per his own website achived his doctorate from the Open International university , which appears to be a correspondence course.I give 2 stars -LRB- despite my high level of suspicion of charlatanism -RRB- for the pretty pictures and in a sense , I admire anyone who preys upon New-Agers .
 There is no credible scientific evidence to support Masaru Emoto 's claims that water is able to alter its crystal structure based on human words , thoughts and music , nor has anyone been able to reproduce his work . Why then are his books and ideas so popular and accepted as true by so many people?Emoto has successfully published several books , presented his work as scientific fact , been featured in a popular movie , What the Bleep ! , and been invited to lecture around the world . All of which lends credibility to his claims of scientific veracity - without the necessity of requiring any of his statements to actually be True.Emoto 's message is not ultimately about the water crystals ; he uses water crystal shapes as a vehicle to communicate his views on human relationships , God , human origins , the environment , and other subjects important to him.In my estimation Masaru Emoto 's books are allegories ; he has invented a fictitious universe that behaves according to the requirements of the story he is trying to tell . In `` Hidden Messages in Water '' and `` The Shape of Love '' , he creates water molecules that are sensitive to human communications and magically transform messages into crystal shapes . It does not matter whether the water is actually responsive to his manipulations - only that he can find the right crystal -LRB- among the hundreds that probably form in a given experiment -RRB- to convey HIS message to readers.Below are just some of the more easily extracted passages Emoto seems to present as Scientific Fact that I suspect will set off the mental alarms of most scientists who read his works.Use the analytical portion of your brain and evaluate the quotes below based on your common sense , experiences and understanding of the world - check some of them against authoritative library or Internet references ; are they statements you would accept as scientifically valid ? ______ If we consider that before we became human beings , we existed as water , we get closer to finding the answer to the basic question of what a human being is . -LRB- HMW pxvi -RRB- And as sound is created , there is a `` master listener '' to receive the sound
 Well , the book has pretty pictures , and that 's a fun thing . Other than that , it 's pretty unrealistic . The information is set up just like Scientology books -LRB- Dianetics -RRB- . There is just enough info . given to the reader so that they fill in the gaps with emotional ideas , and then get them attached to the ideas presented . The book gives them a sort of hope , because they probably have been having a crappy life.One thing that is known about water ALREADY , is that flowing water effects ions . Ions effect people in subtle ways that are still being studied . People in these reviews talk about feeling `` different '' or `` better '' around bodies of water . Well , that 's because the ions are charged differently due to the water . It puts some people in a better mood . But this is because of something that can be studied and measured
 The author of book claims that water gives good crystalline structure in response to good music , good -LRB- moral -RRB- words , good photos , and good contaminants -LRB- good for human health -RRB- , whereas , in response to bad music , bad words , bad photos , or bad contaminants -LRB- bad for human health -RRB- , water produces bad crystalline structure . Water is not an independent living being ; it does not have central nervous system and hence it has no consciousness to respond to music -LRB- pages 43 , 17-27 -RRB- , photographs -LRB- pages 33-36 , 101-111 -RRB- , or written/spoken words -LRB- pages 5-15 -RRB- . Water is a simple polar molecule with some unique physical and chemical properties . It is a universal solvent that solvates -LRB- hydrates -RRB- macromolecules and some low molecular weight compounds under physiological conditions which confer some unique properties to these molecules . Water does not have any extraordinary properties that confer thought process to individual water molecules . The hidden message of water is its unique structure , simplicity and the chemical characteristics . Water is medium in which life is born , but oxygen is the molecule that supports life and provides energy.Water / water vapor condenses into ice in shapes dictated by the geometry of molecules , rate of cooling ; temperature , pressure , humidity , and motion/stirring of the liquid . Ice crystals range from simple faceted structures to complex branching networks . The physics of ice formation argue against the influence of music or written word on crystal shape . However the crystal formation is affected by the compounds dissolved in water -LRB- pages 113-132 -RRB- . Water obtained from different sources has different amounts of minerals , biological and organic molecules that accounts for the difference in the crystal formation , but crystal structure does not depend on their health effects . The experimental conditions used in this work are unscientific -LRB- pages xxi-xxv -RRB- ; appropriate control experiments -LRB- for example , studying ice crystal formation without the effect of written words or music -RRB- have to be performed side by side under identical conditions to eliminate the extraneous effects . In addition , the experiments have to be repeated few times to verify the repeatability of same ice crystal formation and calculate the statistical significance . Philosophical reasoning based on Vedic and Tantric philosophy or modern philosophy also precludes conferring consciousness to water molecules.Several unscientific statements have been made about the universe and life , but I have not itemized them individually -LRB- see Prologue , and pages 38 , 44 , 46 , 52 , 58 , 64 , 66 , 86 -RRB- . To learn more about scientific aspects of ice crystal formation , I recommend
 First of all , the author 's name -- `` Emoto '' . Emotion/Emoto . Hmmmn . Second , when water freezes , how many crystals form ? One ? One million ? How many did he select to photograph ? The one which `` proved '' his premise?I have the intuitive feeling that this is an elaborate hoax , perpetrated by some Harvard students who are chuckling at my review.Dr . Emoto , indeed.This is a hopeful book , which will be loved by seekers . The rest of us already know that the path to happiness lays within , with an attitude of gratitude -- with a humility which washes over us like ... . water .
 Now we 're presenting pretty photos as science . I do n't mind the touchy-feely thoughts are powerfull stuff , and I do n't mind the skeptical hard facts only stuff ... But to mix the two seems to me to tread on dangerous ground . It feeds a certain habit that is more debilitating than healing .
 This was the most horrendous piece of literature I 've ever been forced to read -LRB- for a book group -RRB- . I ca n't even begin to put into words what a joke this was . And the sad thing was that it actually had potential . The photos of water crystals were interesting , but the attempt to put it into a valid scientific analysis was just completely insulting to anyone with a brain . Another contributing factor to its horror was the hideous translation and complete lack of editing . Reading this book made me livid .
 This book was a huge disappointment . It 's the stuff that fairy tales are made of - not science , of any sort . The pictures ARE fascinating but I was looking for much more substance.Skip this one !
 Book is highly boring as restates the same thing over and over . There is barely any thrilling action and the dog reads more like a background character than the main one . The book makes me sleep as the lewis and clark story is the most boring of all american history events . And this is of all the crap that is american history . Because they are just so boring . OMG they are traveling west , wow , do I give a **** . Plus just because your american and the story is american does n't make it great you mother ******* . **** you . Hope the book rots in hell .
 The Spirit of Laws is a passionate and eloquent statement of liberalism . But it is only that
 This is a book that could -LRB- should ? -RRB- have faded into history without being a great loss to the world . Yes , there are a few interesting bits of political philosophy , but they 're far and few between , and mainly either just thrown out as Montesquieu 's personal opinions with little to no evidence or examination , or flimsily based on historical examples . As a reader , I did n't find most of his arguments -LRB- where he did n't seem to be contradicting himself , which happens frequently -RRB- very convincing . This was obviously written with the 18th century French salon crowd in mind , and reads as such . I 'm sure it provided a lot of aristocrats with conversation fodder to make them appear intelligent and educated at the time , but these days it just seems like an antiquated bit of history.He claims the book has to be read as a whole to see the structure and his overall goal ; well , I did read the whole book and at the end could n't see an overarching structure at all . The work just seemed like a long , rambling , unorganized mess . The only people I might really recommend this to are people interested in Greek , Roman , and French history -LRB- especially legal history -RRB- , but not to people interested in political science or philosophy.Bump this one to the bottom of your list of classics on historical thought , there are much more interesting reads out there .
 Sometimes it is best to leave well enough alone . This incomplete book should never have been published . It does not really add to the Hornblower saga . Instead , it detracts . The story is unfinished . The written part is in need of editing . I think Forester could have done much more if he did not die first .
 While it is nice to see more of Forester 's storyline in writing , I could have done without this book . The beginning does take off where `` Hotspur '' left off , but it was very aggrivating when the story concluded with brief notes about how the author intended the ending to be The short stories in the end appeared to just be thrown in for the sake of filling up pages . I would have liked it better had the book been seperate from the rest of the series . I am baffled why the publisher would make this the fourth book when it contains a short story that takes place when Hornblower is already and Admiral . If you bu the book , just read the first short story that starts after Hornblower leave Hotspur and save the rest for later .
 C.S. Forester died before completing this novel . It is an excellent story of adventure and intrigue up to where it ends and so well worth the read . And of course it is important to read even this unfinished novel as a part of the series of stories of Hornblower 's progress up through the navy ranks .
 ` Hornblower During the Crisis ' , is the 4th of the chronological series of Horatio Hornblower 's career in the Royal Navy . CS Foresters was unable to complete this book , but there are a few author notes about how the book would end and two interesting short stories at the end of of the 100 pages of ` Hornblower During the Crisis ' . I would recommend reading the first short story after ` Mr. Midshipman ' , and the last short story after you completed the 11 book series.Of course the writing , and continued story line of Horatio Hornblower is superb even with it being a partial book and story . But , I was not particularly happy that this partiallly completed book of 100 pages cost the same as any other book in the series . I give the rating of 2 stars only due to this fact.Otherwise , I will still continue to look forward to reading the next in the series . I am very much addicted to the story line !
 I am just reading the Hornblower series for the first time and reading them in the publishers order . Hornblower During The Crisis is an unfinished book , seriously unfinished , the main story only runs 129 pages and would have been wonderful if he had finished the novel -LRB- the author passed away -RRB- . Bundled with 2 other very short stories this book really is n't worth the price .
 I did enjoy the unfinished story , although it its of course sad that we can never enjoy the fully finished work . I was very frustrated to learn that the Kindle digital version did not include the two companion short stories . Seeing their mention time and again in these reviews , I had no idea they would be left out . These were the deciding factor in my decision to purchase this book . This should have been noted in the description .
 I give this book two stars , but in no way am I implying that C.S. Forester deserves two stars for his work . Rather , I give the publisher of the book two stars for giving us half a novel but presenting it as a full entry in the Hornblower saga . I was looking forward to another great Hornblower novel , but found instead the beginnings of a promising story and a few short stories . The whole edition is much shorter than the other Hornblower novels , but costs the same price . I would recommend skipping this book until you have really exhausted the other Hornblower novels already .
 Let me begin by clarifying what this book is before you purchase it.The beginning is the first 30-40 percent of a novel that C.S. Forester was working on at his death called , Hornblower During the Crisis . The events take place immediately after Hornblower and the Hotspur.Next comes a short story -LRB- or very brief novella , if you prefer -RRB- called `` Hornblower 's Temptation '' which deals with his first posting as a young Lieutenant on the Renown . The action takes place after Mr. Midshipman Hornblower and before Lieutenant Hornblower.Finally comes another short story -LRB- or very brief novella -RRB- called `` The Last Encounter . '' It deals with the time during which Hornblower is already a lord and an admiral . `` Hornblower 's Temptation '' deals with Hornblower 's assignment to take control of a prisoner who is being court-martialed for desertion . The story is pretty grim , but contains all of the elements of the better Hornblower stories . A difficult challenge is presented . No obvious solution exists . Hornblower finds a good way out , and overcomes mental and moral hurdles to succeed . I would advise no one to miss this story . It is good background for later stories where Hornblower must find a way to do the right thing without fully disclosing what has taken place . `` Hornblower During the Crisis '' has many attractive elements . The story deals with Hornblower 's experience in handing over the Hotspur to his replacement after Lord Cornwallis promotes him to Post Captain at the end of Hornblower and the Hotspur . On the way back to England , Hornblower fights as improbable a naval battle as you can imagine , and in an unexpected role . As a result of his quick thinking , important information is developed which he takes to the Admiralty . While there , he helps devise a remarkable scheme for influencing the French . The book ends at that point . You then get 164 words of author 's notes on how Mr. Forester planned to finish the novel . The finished parts of the novella are reasonably polished . Forester probably would have added more details to the beginning to make it more interesting and dramatic . The parts in London look like they are fully developed.If you are like me , the best parts of Hornblower stories are where he has crises of conscience . Hornblower During the Crisis promises just such crises in the 164 words , but does not deliver them . As a result , most people will see this novella as less than a full Hornblower novel . It is too bad , because the concept was a sound one ... and I would have enjoyed reading the end . I graded down the book accordingly.As to `` The Last Encounter , '' this story is intended as irony without any testing of Hornblower either intellectually or morally . It is a piece of fluff . Be sure not to read this story until after you have finished the whole series . It contains references to other characters that will spoil your enjoyment from reading the books ahead in the chronology of Hornblower 's fictional life.Should you read this book ? If you like Hornblower , I say `` yes . '' I slightly prefer reading it in order to reading it in the end of the series . For me , the right solution was to read all but `` The Last Encounter '' in chronological order ... and then reread those sections and read `` The Last Encounter '' at the end of reading all of the other books.If this were your last day on earth , what unfinished business should you do today ? How would it improve your life and the lives of others if you do that unfinished business anyway ? Imagine , for example , how much more rewarded C.S. Forester 's readers would be if he had completed a thorough outline of the rest of this story before he died . That would have taken no more than a day ... and the benefits would have been enormous .
 I vote the latter.Not too many years ago , I read some of Fox 's stuff . Despite the silly titles , I thought there must be something there . I could n't find it , but I kept looking . After all , some people whom I knew to be interested in reform of Catholicism recommended his stuff.Then I read this `` book . '' It is a litany of political correctitudes -- it 's the first book I ever called that -LRB- though probably not the last , if I ever read any more Fox ! -RRB- Then I read another book by Harold Bloom who said the same thing in a slightly more poetic way!I think Fox may originally had reform or something like it in mind . Then he must have found various groups that encouraged him to use meaningless jargon , superlative expressions which seemed meaningful because of their superlativity , rather than because of any possible meaning , etc. . You know , newagers who confuse jargon with substance . Because this is truly the most insubstantial book I 've ever read.Then I visited a bookstore at a monastery , where I 'd gotten some Fox and other books . The brother who runs the store said that he does n't carry Fox any more because `` it simply does n't sell . `` There IS hope in the world!Don ' t waste your time with this . I do n't have the time to read romance novels , but they could n't be any more vacuous than this .
 Yes , folks , it 's All Happening Now ! The dawn of the New Age of Enlightenment . What we 've all been waiting for -LRB- pant -RRB- . The Cosmic Consciousness , the Cosmic Christ incarnating like never before . What a time to be alive ! Matthew Fox delivers his revelation on the Real Truth about the Cosmos and its Christ , neatly woven in eco-speak and Gaia-gabble . I tried . Truly , I tried to understand what he 's on about . I found a lot of Consciousness , Awareness , Forces , Being , Quanta , Fields , Trends , and Direction . Lots of spirituality but no religion . Lots of gender but no sex . Lots of insight and belief , but no dogma , no doctrine , no drama ... a wondrous postmodern utopia , and so disconnected from anything real and so utterly irrelevant to our human condition . If you 're looking for a book -LRB- and an author -RRB- to inspire you to change your life , look elsewhere . Though the words are golden , the soup is thin . This is a book for utopians , so you can read it with impunity -- it wo n't change your life . And fortunately for the rest of us , Fox and his Creation Spiritualists do n't have what it takes to really change anything . Sadly , not even themselves .
 This is either the work of a Elmer Gantry or an honest Dingbat . If you have the misfortune to waste your money on this book I suggest you read C.S. Lewis 's `` Mere Christianity '' as a purgative
 The writer of this book is referred to indirectly in the Word of God
 It must , even in `` Our Time '' , require significant cognitive dissonance for Mr.Fox to subscribe to the notions outlined in his book while he yet maintains allegiance to the Christian faith . He is , by definition , apostate . Is there anyone left out there who can see past his or her own cultural paradigm ? Truth is absolute , revelation is concrete , or they are both meaningless . And if they 're meaningless -- Christianity is a joke .
 A tired attempt to re-run the ancient heresy of Gnosticism . May impress ignoramuses who know nothing of theology . I attended Fox 's lectures in Western Australia a few years ago . They were an incoherent babble of scientific gobbledegook , historical nonsense and psychological trickery . I am not a Catholic but I do n't wonder the Catholic Church unfrocked him .
 Apart from the quality of the play , the Kindle edition of this product is in the original Czech , but claims to be in English .
 Steeped in early 20th century morality and Old Testament biblical references , I found this a hard play to like . A lot of the dialog is particularly incredible , and demeaning to scientists and women . Of course , the woman in story is made out to be an airhead who ca n't possibly understand the issues involved.Certainly unique in its time , it does n't track into the 21 century . Read Asimov 's robot chronicles , , which still hold up very well.I did like the linked TOC and the electronic presentation in genersl ...
 This book is about Marketing , not really about advertising or PR which is fine ... but its so bad . There is a ton of spreadsheets you have to fill in but you need to know very specific information to do so , and then the information you get is only relevant to a larger cooperation . Also , and this is the kicker , the author made a reference to an exciting new ad technology coming out , Google Whisper , and he was serious . He was not kidding , he actually thought Goole Whisper was real , its an ONION STORY , you know `` The Onion '' the fake news site that makes up funny fake stories , the author thought one of them was real , and put it in his book .
 I have no idea what the author is talking about - it 's just the way the book is written . It seems to just start from nowhere . It 's either the author is assuming the reader already knows a huge amount about marketing planning or just seems to put down thoughts as they come to mind . I reached Chapter 7 -LRB- with skipping some material in between -RRB- but can go no further . I read a lot books on management and marketing - this book has just confounded me . Luckily I got it from the library and did n't buy it . I just finished reading one excellent bookThe New Rules of Marketing and PR
 Having just read Vanishing Florida by David T. Warner , I was anticipating another look into a native 's perspective of old Florida . While Warner 's book was engaging , enlightening and entertaining , this one was not . It was mostly a dry historical perspective of the author 's family which was n't that interesting .
 Up front let me disclose that I get a heapin ' helpin ' of Diane via our local paper , where she contributes noisy tirades and rants about Western Civilization in general . So my opinion is biased ... against her . Like Diane , my people are from Tallahassee going back to the very beginning , and before that to the Spanish Period at Amelia Island and St.Augustine . And like Diane I descend from the Roberts ' Line ; so we 're probably cousins ... as are most people with Tallahassee roots.Diane 's writing reminds me of my father 's Aunt Jimmie . Like Diane , she and her heirs protest their association with the Old South -LRB- especially slavery -RRB- but you couldnt loosen their grip on the inherited silver service and china and crystal that slavery paid for -LRB- with dynamite ! -RRB- . Both are proud as hell for descending from aristocrats and money , and both are deluded in believing that anyone takes their protests seriously . I mean , this is what her book is about . On the one hand she asserts her equality & fraternity with the unwashed masses then discloses how she wipes her ass with monogrammed linen . To paraphrase my great-grandmother , herself a Tallahassee belle
 For a history book , the research and footnotes were not very substantial . Historians have been getting a lot of negative publicity lately for less that exemplary scholarhip . Since this is not a very important book it will not be scrutinized the way Doris Kerns Goodwin or Joseph J.Ellis would be if they were to write about Florida . I felt like someone was snearing at me throughout the book . It seemed more like a big long blog . I 'd love to read more about Florida history since so many friends live there now , but I truly hated this book .
 This is a bad book with many mistakes -LRB- not just spelling mistakes but design and interpretation mistakes !! -RRB- . The author do not have seems to have hands-on experience in ESD and not known in ESD area , which is clear from his approach . Do not waste the money . . If you are a designer , go and buy the book by Maloney and Dabral.If you are a device engineer , buy the book by Duvvury and Amerasekera .
 If you like incomprehensible story lines , improbable plots and connections and an overtone of misogyny then this is your book.If not this is book best left unread .
 This review is for the CD version of Eliot Gould 's reading.I love Chandler 's writing and have read `` Farewell '' at least four times . Gould does a good job of reading it , too.What 's frustrating about the CD version is that the disks are not indexed . There was no effort to make a disk begin at the beginning of a chapter , for instance . Also , each disk holds one track only . That means if you want to pause for the night at the end of chapter 5 , good luck finding your place when you return to listening in a few days.Breaking the audio into tracks is a very easy thing to do , so primitive a technology that it makes it seem that this CD box set was mastered in the 1980s . There is no competing product as of June 2003 , however . Devotees may want to make their own MP3 files and then donate the CDs to a library .
 In Farewell , My Lovely by Raymond Chandler , an everyday detective , Marlowe , gets wrapped up in a hermeneutic search that could eventually cost him his life . Everything he does affects what will be and , in turn , he winds up changing the course of his search as he becomes caught in its very tentacles . Leading from one murder and scandal to another , this mystery novel addresses corruption and deceit in all of its forms . While it is occasionally difficult to understand because of Chandler 's creative habit of inventing new detection slang , it yet creates for an engaging read as it keeps readers in suspense and `` in the dark '' until the climax of the book , during which time everything is revealed . More than many other detection novels , this one follows a more Sherlock Holmesesque method of detection by revealing and explaining all in a very short , descriptive , `` aha ! '' type of moment , which is exciting to the reader who has been trying to solve the mystery all along.However , while the eventual mastermind turns out to be a cunning , selfish woman , the overall portrayal of women in this 1940 's novel is daunting . Although often depicted as intelligent , they are also often depicted as needing and revering men . Furthermore , Marlowe 's sarcastic confidence and desire to rescue women just gives an overall bad taste to the novel as he looks at women as burdens , sex objects , and inferior beings . In fact , he does n't very highly esteem African Americans , either . In conclusion , while this book is an interesting read , it is too great a reminder of gender and racial inequalities to be enjoyable .
 I enjoyed the descriptions of daily life in an Indian village . Other than that , this book had a lot to dislike . For starters , the language was too contrived
 I bought this book based on the reviews I read here , but if I could do it over , I would < b > NOT < / b > buy this book.Issue # 1This book has A LOT of errors . The author 's website dismisses all the mistakes by saying , `` All printed material has mistakes . '' First , I doubt that `` all '' have mistakes . Second , this book has A LOT of mistakes . I have many books and this one has the most errors . I went to their site to get the errata and found a mistake in their corrections!Issue # 2The CD that comes with the book is quirky and it 's not easy to find all stuff that 's supposed to be on it.Issue # 3Now that LearnKey is defunct , you can not get a code to unlock the rest of the info on the CD . Instead , the autor 's site charges for a new , unlocked CD.Go for another , more reliable book ! Unless you enjoy wasting money for misinformation .
 Although this book is well written and informative -LRB- almost a bit TOO light-hearted in fact -RRB- , it is not going to allow you to pass the A + exams ... in fact , this and a number of books combined might not be enough . The Comptia exams for A + certification changed AGAIN after the release of this book and there are several questions on the A + exam that you will be totally clueless about if you rely on the text and , even more so , the CD-ROM sample tests in this book . The CD tests contained therein are simplistic and do not cover hardly a thing that 's contained in the actual test ... in fact , the CD tests in this book do n't even test you on much of anything you were to learn from the book ... just 49 random questions that will have you staring at the screen during a Comptia A + exam wondering what in the world they mean by that ... very disappointing considering I once beleived this was THE book to use to pass the A + exams .
 I was really disappointed with this book . I have the impression that it is the result of a quick update to its older edition without being focused on the newer material on the A + exams . Lot 's of history and cute drawings , but also lots of errors . I also used Ron Gilster 's A + Certification For Dummies , which I felt did a better job in actually getting me ready for the tests .
 I was so psyched when I started reading this book . A third of the way through the disappointment set in . Near the end I was bitter towards the writer and grinding my teeth realizing how much time I had wasted.I 'm confident that Michael Myers is competent in the field of computer repair and knows what he is talking about . My feeling is that the Third Edition was rushed to press to meet the 2001 exam update and the editing suffered severely because of it . They were so hasty you 'll actually find editor 's notes alongside several of the pages , completely missed - totally unprofessional.There are so many typos , inconsistencies , and copy editing errors you 'll find yourself focusing on those rather than learning the material . I ended up having to backtrack through chapters because of the mistakes . My satisfied study sessions quickly turned into anxious fact-finding hunts and puzzling wonderings of , `` I 'm confused ; did n't he say something different earlier ? `` After you muddle through the lengthy chapters , Myers offers a ten-question quiz - no review , just a quiz . One of the chapters offers a quiz where three of the answers are incorrect . It takes a short time to realize this , so you sit there wondering how you got the answers wrong and trying to find the information that you supposedly did n't understand . Then you realize that you were actually correct and , in fact , Myers offered the incorrect answers . An eerie feeling sinks in as you begin to wonder how many of the answers on previous chapter quizzes were marked wrong but actually right , and vice versa.Due to all the aforementioned problems , I found myself questioning the validity of the information . This is maddening , especially given the fact that I 'm studying for an exam that can make or break a job opportunity for me.I gave this edition two stars rather than one just because after you wade through the fluff it did cover a lot of information on the exams . Due to the inconsistencies , though , I ended up studying from other materials for the tests . If Myers were to cut down on the drivel , correct the multitude of errors , and add a review at the end of each chapter , it would be a worthwhile read . With work , I 'm sure the Fourth Edition could be much more effective . This edition was pitiful - a waste of time and money .
 The writting is great , but this version is outdated ! It is for the 1998 test objectives that were retired in March ! Buy the Fifth Edition of this book .
 Well , this book covers it all , but all of the typos in the review questions are just unbelievable . Those that have read it know what I 'm talking about . And as others have noted , the software basically stinks . Just to run the practice exams , I had to download a patch and hope for the best . Well I took my Core Hardware exam last week and thank god the server went down toward the end , because the practice tests that came with the book were nothing like the actual test . So I left and reverted to Trancender Study material which is very much like the test . I dont recommend this book , its a lot of reading to find out it didnt help at all .
 I bought this book hoping that it would help me vastly in getting my A + certification . I read the book cover to cover and did all the practice exams many times . I took the core hardware part of the test and passed . I read the book 's O/S part over and over again until i couldnt take it anymore and went up for the test . None of the questions in the book matched up to the real A + test . So i just figured i didnt study it enough and pick up enough so i read it all through again and again until i could practically recite the book from memory and i failed again . This book goes into details about topics that it does not need to and it just a waste of you time when it comes to the O/S part . It helped somewhat on the hardware part of the test . Do not just use this book as your primary means of studying for the A + exam .
 I teach a college course in computer hardware and used Mr. Meyers ' book . There were a few minor technical errors , but noting major . What I had a problem with was the intensity with which he covered older technology and operating systems , and then glazed over material that my students would see later on the exams . I have subsequently moved over to a different book .
 I have had to teach several classes form this book . Students complain to me on a regular basis . It is hard to read for someone with no technical experience . The book covers several areas in grave detail . It then leaves other areas of A + with a lot to be desired . For instance there are 20 chapters in this book . Four chapters are on the DOS \ Windows portion . You can not expect to pass the exam with just the book . There seems to be a lot of page fillers in this one . I have read several A + books and this rates at the bottom . Please do yourself a favor and buy another book.Adam Roberts A + , Net + , MCT , CNI , CNE , MCSE Instructor
 I bought this book in part because of the reassuring statement on the cover that it ' ... is All You Need ' . The A + exam , which I just passed , has a hardware component and a software -LRB- Windows -RRB- component . This book , and a little tinkering I had done at home , was adequate preparation for the hardware exam , but the software exam covered far more than is in this book . I would go ahead and receommend this book , but do n't stop here - find a better reference source for the software exam ... or risk spending over $ 100 just to fail it . Other irritations about this book
 I bought this book with high hopes , but came away EXTREMELY disapointed.After reading the entire book , taking all the practice exams , studying and re-reading the book for over a month , getting between 750-800 on the cd-rom exams , I took the real exam today and failed . . badly . This book 's long-winded text and too simple practice exams gave me just enough confidence to get led to slaughter . I was completely unprepared for the A + exam.The Questions in the real A + exam barely even resembled anything I studied in this book.The cd - rom stinks too , It locks up most of the time , and is filled with typo 's , and even gives a couple of wrong answers ! Can someone in the real world help me pass this test ?
 The subject matter is ancient . You will not pass the new Comptia adaptive exams with the nformation in this book .
 I 've been waiting september 29th 2011 . I ca n't find tracking information so where is it?I only know that 's shipped !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I ordered a book from them for an important class thinking it would only take a few days to get here . It took them 4 days to even ship it and 9 days to get it . Unacceptable .
 I have to admit that I just do n't get it . I 'm baffled as to why Ray Bradbury is considered such a genius . This book , considered one of his best , really does n't stand out to me as anything all that special . The plot is cute , at best . It 's not terribly creative ; in fact , it 's quite formulaic and often predictable . The characters are interesting , but not in any profound sort of way . And the writing is choppy and unrefined . I might give this book to an 11-year-old looking for a quick , easy read . But I have to believe that the past forty years have produced better material in the way of fantasy fiction .
 I have read several Ray Bradbury works , I have yet to find one I like but other people rave over them and movies have been made of some of them . `` Something Wicked This Way Comes '' is , to me , one of his worst . The story is simple , a carnival comes to town , two boys , fast friends , visit it and discover the carousel has the ability to either age people or subtract years . The carnival owners find out the boys have this knowledge and plan to get rid of the boys . One of the boy 's father comes to their aid and in doing so grows in stature in their eyes and the boys and the man rediscover themselves.In my hardcover copy it takes Bradbury 289 pages to tell this simple tale and he seems to have searched the dictionary for words that he does n't know how to use , he groups them in awkward fashion , makes nouns into verbs , adjectives become neologisms , juxtaposes words together but making no sense thus used , repeats phrases for some reason which I am unable to detect and I think tries to make himself look greater than he is by this use of words , instead he disrupts thought , not helping the story and , frankly , making a fool of himself by his word usage . Vladimir Nabokov was a Russian who also looked to use uncommon English words in his writing , he seldom missed but his stretches could be excused since English was a second language to him . What was Bradbury 's excuse ?
 I 'm an avid reader , and I am usually able to comprehend what I 'm reading . But this story was a bit too descriptive , I 'm sure that appeals to some people , but not to me or any of the other kids in my english class . It seems to the majority of us that one would have to be on acid to understand what 's going on , this may be because it 's the end of the school year and we 're seniors , but I think it 's mainly due to the over-descriptive nature of the book .
 This book used a mammoth amount of undecipherable metaphors and similies , confusing and unnecssecary description . The dialog had no point and about 85 % of the book was pointless . In other words dont waste your time . I was looking on this site for a full review of this awful book so i can to my ridiculously long report on this book i didnt understand .
 Though I usually enjoy books of this mysterious nature , this one was different . I do not reccommend this book for people like me with very little patience and a short attention span , for even in it 's most exiting parts , it proves to be boring and slow-moving .
 This book was a waste of my time . He uses to many pages describing ... NOTHING . I guess he tried to make it creepy by the whole evil carnival but ... it didnt work . I had to do this book for a book report so I had to read it . Halfway through the book it seems as if you are just beginning it waiting for the story to really begin . I reccomend for you to NOT read this book . The only thing that drew my attention was the cover .
 I usually do n't mind having to read and I do enjoy a lot of books , but Something Wicked This Way Comes is awful . It is way too descriptive and very boring at parts . Save your time and money ! DON `` T READ IT !!
 This book is a waste of your time and I think it 's crazy !
 For me to enjoy a book I have to be able to relate , on some level , to the characters and it was difficult for me to do that . It 's not gender ; I 've read many books with male protagonists and still found them very enjoyable , but I just could n't empathize with either of the boys ' plights or thoughts or emotions . Both boys were just so unoriginal and trite.More unforgivable than the fact that the two young boys were rather boring and cookie-cutter , is the fact that this book did not cause me to jump , feel shivers up my spine or feel my heart beat speed up in dread at all . I felt cheated of a scare . I was promised that this was a classic horror story and that I would never forget it , but unfortunately , the reason I will never forget it is because it was such a boring read.I do n't understand it - carnivals can be one of the creepiest settings for a story , yet Bradbury allows this choice backdrop to go to waste ! He focuses on the carousel , which is great because that can be a pretty scary ride , what with all the bizarre colors and expressions on the animals ' faces , but the reason the carousel was scary in this book just did not do it for me . When I read it , my initial reaction was `` That 's it ? THAT 'S the ` big ' baddie ? '' I do n't need my horrors to actually be physically manifested in some demonic thing or thrown into my face with no subtlety , but I do need it to actually BE scary and that was just not the case here.There were numerous times when I had to go back and re-read passages that were convoluted just for the sake of being convoluted , that I nearly tossed the book aside in impatience . Some authors write `` complicated '' novels well - consider Faulkner 's Light In August for example - but Bradbury 's Something Wicked This Way Comes does not fall under that category.Doggedly I persisted and I finished this stupid thing and I wasted my time.Despite how much people seem to laud it -LRB- and that 's fine - everyone 's entitled to his/her opinion -RRB- I did not enjoy this book at all , would NOT recommend it if you are looking for a good read and would advise that you turn to Bradbury 's short-story collections instead . I think that Bradbury is MUCH better at writing short stories than he is at writing novels like this one .
 A carnival comes to a small town . Mr. Dark presides over it . He starts to spread evil over the town . Only two young boys -- James Nightshade and William Halloway -- are aware of it and try to save the town.I had to read this in college . I looked forward to it . I liked Bradbury 's short stories very much . Unfortunately this is virtually unreadable . Bradbury seems to like showing off how smart he is and renders most of the descriptions of places and things in flowery , overdone language . More often then not I had to reread a sentence multiple times before I understood it ! This is a perfect description of the word `` pretentious '' . The sad thing is this has all the elements of a good horror story . The description of Mr. Dark 's carnival works -LRB- when you can understand it -RRB- and the Dust Witch `` marking '' the two kids houses is downright horrific . There 's also the ferris wheel that ages a person at each spin . This is all creepy stuff but Bradbury seems more intent on showing how intelligent he is than making a coherent story . Too bad .
 Surprised at what a dud this story felt like , after my other experiences with Bradbury ... there is a movie version , and that is equally awful . Not at all what I was expecting .
 I bought this assuming to be enthralled by a ` dark carnival ' ; to be a bit frightened at the least , but I was more taken aback by the repetition of bradbury 's wording . He uses words with like meanings in long strings and it got old rather quickly . Some parts are like reading entries in a Thesaurus ; I skipped over these `` defining '' paragraphs/sentences after the first couple chapters.The book was not ` wicked ' ; it is n't even as scary as some R.L. Stine books I dug up recently and those are n't even a fraction of the size and depth this attempts . With the name `` Something Wicked This Way Comes '' , I was expecting wickedness worded out ; twisted thoughts and evilness dealt out by a ominous force . No deal . The book is rather tame - by its name I was expecting Steven King but instead got Walt Disney.It 's a child 's book . Had I known that , I would n't have bought it .
 I read this book for school and it was really confusing . Half the book did n't make sense . I dont suggest it because its real confusing . The Illustrated Man by Ray Bradbury is alot better . Because its easier to understand .
 I grew up reading Ray Bradbury -LRB- 6th to 10th grades -RRB- . So now some twenty plus years later , in a nostalgic mood , I ordered a bunch of Bradbury books . Something Wicked This Way Comes was the first book I chose to read and now I kind of wish I had n't . In this book , Bradbury writes shorter sentences than Hemingway . And far too many of them contain exclamations such as
 I ca n't believe the constant showboating of the writing in this book . The metaphors per paragraph -LRB- MPP -RRB- is just ridiculous and totally distracting from the story . Simile and metaphor are meant to communicate meaning . In this book , however , many of them , while sounding interesting or `` peotic , '' simly do n't do their real job , which is to help tell the story . Or maybe that 's the problem - the story is n't very interesting so the author hopes to distract the reader from that fact with the spastic writing style . Bradbury here writes like a college kid whose only real chance of getting laid is by impressing some girl in his creative writing class . Really sad ; I thought Bradbury was better that this . He apparently needed - and went without - a reasonable editor who certainly would have taken him out in the parking lot and slapped him around until he remembered what writing was supposed to sound like . Real writers use literary devices sparingly , if at all . And when they do , they make sure they are dead-on and impactful . Ray , read a little Carver or Hemingway before you write another next 70 pages of pap . If I sound irritated , I am .
 I tried to read this , but found Bradbury 's style too distracting and confusing . There are some sentences you re-read for pleasure , thinking
 Well , I got it in my mind that I wanted to read some Ray Bradbury and figured this was a good place to start , and now I 'm not so sure . I have got some MAJOR gripes with this book . First off , being that there is absolutely nothing believable about Jim or Will . Not a single instance of these characters seeming real . Secondly , the way that Bradbury structures sentences in this book has to be some of the worst grammar I have ever seen in a publication , major or independent . The thing that really gets me about it is that this is pretty much an internationally love piece of fiction and I just ca n't see the justification of it . Even the actual story itself , which is wonderful in idea , is completely underwhelming because of the way Bradbury writes this novel . I still want to read Farenheit 451 , I certainly hope it 's much better written than this book is . Not to sure I can honestly give this book a recommendation to anyone .
 Maybe it is just that this book it 's style , it 's prose did not translate well for me here in the UK but I can not understand the fascination with something I do not understand . It 's a coming of age novel but the language is too rich and poetic for my liking '' They ran in urine smell of shadow , they ran in clean ice smell of moon . The calliope steam-throb whispered , tatted , trilled . '' ... `` in flight , in heat-spell river of wind and blaze of metal , in jog of July and August horses whose hoofs thudded the air like thrown fruit , his eyes blazed `` I thought Boy 's Life by Robert McCammon truly inspiringly brilliant -LRB- in fact I find anything by McCammon brilliant -RRB- but Something Wicked This Way Comes for me had few redeeming features the richness of language made a truly boring experience and I struggled to finish ... I admire those of you who found inspiration from Bradbury 's words but sadly not me :-LRB- -LRB-
 The most important thing to know about this cd set is that it is NOT an unabridged sound recording of the book . It is a performance like a play . Amazon 's description is not clear .
 If there was a rating for zero stars , this book deserves it . I 've never read anything so awful . If I did n't have to read it for school , I would n't have gotten past the 1st chapter . Hard to understand , slow moving , and plain old boring are just a beginning of all the things I hated about this book . As for everyone else in my class , they all hate it too . I 'm about to form a petition against it .
 Except for the first 5 or 10 pages , the book is a terrible read . Bradbury starts well but turns increasingly pretentious and obscure . From the third chapter on , there is at least two metaphors per paragraph , and quite a few of them are undecipherable .
 This novel is a coming-of-age tale of two thirteen-year-old boys , Will Halloway and Jim Nightshade . A carnival arrives at their small town during October , the wrong time of the year for a carnival . Soon , it is apparent that this is no ordinary carnival . There is a maze of mirrors that drowns people with their fears about themselves , a tempting carousel that can both increase and decrease age , and a multitude of freaks that have fallen victim to these fears and temptations . The leader of the carnival is Mr. Dark , the Illustrated Man . Charles Halloway , Will Halloway 's father , becomes the hero of the tale because he finds away to defeat the freaks
 There 's a lot of hype about this being classic literature , and one of the best genre books ever . I disagree . Although Ray Bradbury is a superb writer , this book seems to fall short . The writing is overly poetic , and the dialogue is clunky . If you read this you may find yourself re-reading sentences to figure out what the hell was being said . Although not from the book , there are many , too many , sentences like this : `` Will ran , did n't run . Jumped , did n't jump . He stomped his feet on elephant shadows and cat whisker winds . `` Again , this is n't an actual sentence from the book , but something similar to the type of writing.Buy it , read it , experience it . These reveiws are just a matter of taste anyway . The book simply left me
 Ray Bradbury is an exceptional writer ... and this story is like a well-written Goosebumps book . It is NOT scary for an adult brought up on Stephen King horror . However , I was fooled by reviews claiming this book `` has been known to give some people nightmares '' ... . well , those `` some people '' are twelve year olds . I recommend this book for pre-teens . For adults , I recommend Stephen King 's Needful Things , which is vaguely similar .
 Were the option available , I would have given the book 2.5 stars , but since it was n't , I opted for 2 stars ; I will not give this book half a star more than it deserves , and I do n't feel too unfair giving it half a star less . Basically , this book strengthens my belief that just because a novel was published over a decade ago and it contains original concepts , it does not automatically receive the title of `` classic . '' Unfortunately , that is how I came to read this book ; it was recommended to me as a classic.First of all , I can not vouch that the idea of a `` dark carnival '' is entirely original , but for the sake of the review , I 'll assume that Bradbury was the one to conjure it up . That aside , there are only a few aspects of this book in its favor , and a great many aspects that hurt its value.After reading the first ten or so pages of the book , I thought it would indeed be an interesting read ; the contrasing personalities of best friends Will and Jim , the reclusive Mr. Halloway , and the lightning-rod salesman 's encounter with the first two gave a solid opening to the book.But the next 225 pages of the book were nearly torturous . First of all , it 's hard to follow protagonists with cardboard cut-out personalities , who encounter more lifeless shells . The only exception to the uninteresting characters was Mr. Halloway ; even the `` evil '' characters are boring once you get past their basic premise -LRB- the fact they thrive off of the suffering of others , a concept that is never really explained -RRB- . Second , Ray Bradbury 's writing style was unique in the beginning of the book , but quickly became obnoxious . I 'm talking about the sentence fragments , run-ons where every other word is `` and , '' and the ridiculous metaphors and similes sprinkled over everything . At some points , the philosophical description fit in , but most of the time , it just hindered the reader from going through the book smoothly . Even when I went back and reread some of these descriptions , it seemed as though Mr. Bradbury only used them to distinguish himself . He succeeded , and for that I congratulate him ; this was the first book I 've gone through where I had to reread sentences to the point where it became nauseating.Finally , there is the senselessness of some of the book 's plot . A good example is Will 's encounter with the Dust Witch , where he somehow knows how she is able to locate him . Nope , no explanation as to why he knows , no precedent he 's basing the guess off of , he just knows . And how about Mr. Halloway discovering the carnival 's secrets from research at the library ? I guess a lot of books were written on the evil ulterior motives of circuses . Please.But to be fair , the book 's last 50 or so pages were decent . But I just could n't say this was a good book because of a DECENT ending ; the fact of the matter is , the majority of the book was sub-par , and a merely satisfying ending did n't compensate for that .
 Ray Bradbury 's Something Wicked This Way Comes is a tour de force in the over-use of metaphor and simile to the point that the reader must strain to follow the actual plot without being led repeatedly astray . The author also misuses words intentionally , for effect it seems , but to no discernible advantage . However , there is genius in the creative imagination that went into the plot - no doubt grist for a successful movie - where of course the metaphors and similes fade away as the screen writers and director are forced to visually develop the plot for the viewers . In toto , an very unenjoyably read .
 I was really excited to receive this cd of Ray Bradbury 's Something Wicked This Way Comes . But I found the sound erratic and the acting and dialog stiff . Way too bad , since I love this story .
 The book is great , and the Kindle price is very low -LRB- $ 1.99 as I write this -RRB- . However , the Kindle file is riddled with errors
 Two boys , a small town and an evil carnival . Sounds campy , but it 's actually a good story , problem is , this is not a good book . Bradbury can invoke your childhood wonder of life and the brashness of youth and in that way it 's a very good book . You can feel the fear of the boys of Mr. Dark , but you also feel thier wonder of him and his show , makes you really feel for the characters . The problem with this book is the semi-philosophical ranting , it was just irating to read , and he keeps doing it all though the novel . I can take it if it happens once or twice , but the thing is just littered with it . It breaks the momentum of the book , something happens , something else is about to , but first you have to push though three pages of these conjectures . That 's the other problem with this book , the building of suspense is just that he talks about something else for awhile . Something is about to happen , and then he 'll flash to a childhood memory , or moralize about society , or whatever ... arghhhhh . I do n't recommend this book .
 When I heard that my book club had chosen this book for our October reading with the idea of reading a creepy , Halloween-esc story , I was thrilled . I later found out that Something Wicked This Way Comes is often considered a genre book for horror . Even better . On top of all that , Ray Bradbury is a well-known author whose works are held in high regard . I was eager to dive into the book and went in with high expectations.I was severely disappointed.The overall idea of the book is really quite intriguing . A creepy carnival that feeds off of its customer 's inner fears and insecurities mysteriously rolls into town before Halloween . Two boys know something 's not right and set out to foil the evil that has invaded their small town . There 's a lot of potential for an amazing story.However , the writing really ruined it.The style and overall writing struck me as overly poetic , clunky , and self-indulgent . Creating a captivating , bone-chilling setting is an essential for making a good horror . However , metaphors heaped on top of analogies do not a good setting description make . There was often so much description going on that I lost track of what exactly was going on plot-wise . It always seemed like there was more happening that there actually was . There were also a lot of sentences that contained prose like `` He saw . He did n't see . He thought . He did n't think . He heard . He did n't hear . '' At first , such prose was interesting and new . But it got really old , really fast . I respect Ray Bradbury as an author and I respect that all authors have their own , individual writing styles . However , the writing style really killed this book.The first fifty pages or so were actually quite well done . The scene settings were captivating and the way Bradbury set the characters of the two boys up was masterful . Then , the whole thing went downhill for the next 150 pages or so . The boys became really bland and hard to relate to and the writing got so clunky and confusing that it was difficult to figure out what was going on plot-wise . The last 50 pages picked back up and ended the book solidly enough with a satisfying conclusion . It was just a matter of slogging through the middle to get there.It really is a pity that the writing style ruined the book as much as it did because the idea behind it is truly intriguing and interesting . I have n't read a lot of Ray Bradbury 's works , but I hope this is one of his worst and that his other works are far better .
 There 's a lot of hype about this being classic literature , and one of the best genre books ever . I disagree . Although Ray Bradbury is a superb writer , this book seems to fall short . The writing is overly poetic , and the dialogue is clunky . If you read this you may find yourself re-reading sentences to figure out what the hell was being said . Although not from the book , there are many , too many , sentences like this : `` Will ran , did n't run . Jumped , did n't jump . He stomped his find on elephant shadows and cat whisker winds . `` Again , this is n't an actual sentence from the book , but something similar to the type of writing.Buy it , read it , experience it . These reveiws are just a matter of taste anyway . The book simply left me
 I do n't get it . This book is supposed to be a classic of the horror genre . Just about everyone agrees on that point . The negative reviews stick out like sore thumbs . Well , here 's another sore thumb . The premise is great . An evil carnival comes to town and preys on the emotional and spiritual weaknesses of the residents . The problem is that the story gets lost in the enigmatic writing style that Bradbury chose for this book . Half the time , I did n't really know what was going on . Maybe I 'm missing something . If I am , I 'm missing it by a mile .
 I first read this book when it came out in paperback , I was probably 13 . It is still to this day one of my most favorite books . The movie . however , was a big dissappointment . I 'm really excited about introducing the audiobook to my wife , who is not a big reader .
 I thought this book was a little off target , and kind of boring in some places . If you hav n't read anything by Bradbury , you might want to try the Martian Chronicles or Farenheit 451 first .
 In this book , Bradbury 's writing is so infused with his style that if you do n't like his style , the book is unreadable ; whereas if you do like his style , then you are almost certain to love the book . I do n't like his style , but many people do . Here 's a sample which illustrates the style to which I refer . It is the fourth paragraph in chapter 3 : `` What 's the answer , he wondered , walking through the library , putting out the lights , putting out the lights , putting out the lights , is it all in the whorls on our thumbs and fingers ? Why are some people all grasshopper fiddlings , scrapings , all antennae shivering , one big ganglion eternally knotting , slip-knotting , square-knotting themselves ? They stoke a furnace all their lives , sweat their lips , shine their eyes and start it all in the crib . Caesar 's lean and hungry friends . They eat in the dark , who only stand and breathe . `` If you like that style of writing , or at least do n't consider it pretentious , self-indulgent gibberish , then you will probably be able to find a decent read in this book . I was able to make only about one-sixth of the way through before my annoyance with the style overcame my desire to read a good story .
 So I do n't really understand why this is considered a horror novel ? I feel that it was made for children and Bradbury 's writing style is a little confusing at times and kind of bland . I thought of it as more of an adventure story then anything . If you want something that is scary then this is not for you . I am a huge horror book nut but this book just did n't do it for me at all .
 I will get directly to the point , which is something the author found difficult to do in this book.This is one of the most disjointed , incomprehensible novels I have ever tried to read . I think this book is the most clear case of an author 's vanity that I have ever seen . Do you ever get the feeling -LRB- when you 're reading a novel -RRB- that the author is so very proud of the colorful language he has just scattered across the page that he can scarcely help himself from trying to top his last success at articulation ? That is the way this book reads , like a perfect example of an author 's vanity getting away from him.I grew up with this movie -LRB- and loved it ! -RRB- . This is one instance where I can honestly say that the movie was way better than the book . The book took too long to get anywhere , tried to introduce motives for characters ' actions that never seemed to make any sense -LRB- to any normal person anyway -RRB- , and was generally boring.So , whatever you do , stay clear of this book . Jump , skip , skidattle-crack your way on down the road to another book -LRB- yes this is my attempt to imitate Bradbury 's annoying descriptive style in this book -RRB- . You will not find anything that you liked about Farenheit 451 -LRB- another book by this author -RRB- in here .
 Many high schools cover this book in english classes , and though I had n't read it in school , I 've always been fond of Bradbury 's short stories , so I figured I 'd give it a read . I was fairly disappointed . It does n't match his short fiction . I found the plot and characters dry and predictable . Maybe I just do n't like carnies ...
 Do not waste your time listening to this radio production/audio version of this book . Although this `` radio production '' was apparently done with Bradbury 's own blessings and collaboration , it is terrible . The `` acting '' is sub-par and often sounds too much like somebody strictly reading their script , without any emotion or connection to the other parties in the scene . I have not read the book , and this was my first exposure to Bradbury . I knew nothing about the plot , and figured since Bradbury has been hailed as a `` must-read '' , this would be good , but I was sadly disappointed . Perhaps it is because this is a radio production , however there seems to be far too much missing from the plot and at times it is difficult to fill in the many blanks that are left for the listener to try imagine what is happening . Too many times there is just creepy calipoe music , where , I suppose , they figured the listener would know something awful was happening , but it is never described . The plot jumps around too much without explanation - changing scenes , locations , characters , etc without much sense . The characters are shallow and there is no connection from the listener to them at all . Overall just a terrible production ! As I was listening I couldnt wait for it to be over , and I kept hoping that something marvelous would come along to justify the reason that Bradbury is considered a classic - but that just never happened . No suspense , no emotion , no acting , no plot development , no resolution -LRB- what happened to the teacher ? the mother ? the carnival ? -RRB- I ca n't put in to words how disappointed I was with this production . Again , do not waste your time with it !
 The more time I spend with this particular Bible , the more I 'm disappointed with it . I have the KJV -LRB- 2nd printing -RRB- . There are numerous typographical errors throughout , and a few instances in which the editor changed words from the traditional KJV text , presumably to make it more `` readable . `` What really turns me off to it , however , is the commentary . Often very good , it at times however , is just flat wrong , especially when dealing with the subject of election/predestination . Mr. Zodhiates is actually almost self-contradictory at points regarding this subject.Given all that , I must say that the concept is a good one ; that is , of having the words indexed to a Hebrew/Aramaic/Greek Lexicon that is included in the back . There have been numerous times I 've been able to consult the dictionary in the back , when I did not have the cumbersome Strong 's Concordance with me . The only downside to this is that not every word is indexed .
 This book is one of many classical guitar-teaching books that I own . They are
 I suspect that those who ca n't teach - edited this book.First , an ab-initio student must obtain use of a guitar . `` A Guide to Buying an Instrument '' is at the back.The convenient 1st page foldout shows fret enumeration , starting with III , skipping I & II.The 1st page foldout includes notes of frets , but not of the unfretted strings themselves . This is on page 9 . The book would do well to include a diagram which correlates paper staff -LRB- stave -RRB- note positions with guitar fretboard notes
 We 're here trying to find a replacement for this text because the daily messages frequently ask the reader to accept Jesus as their Savior . It just does n't make sense . I thought this book was supposed to be for practicing Christians , not for trying to convert your kids . Not everyone is of the Born Again variety and really , what could kids at this age be doing that they need to confess their sins , repent and accept Jesus every week ?
 I have to start by saying that just because you are a CCIE certainly does n't make you a good writer . And that is what you will find here in the Cisco Press CCNA books by Odom . I find the writing rudimentary at best and Odoms command of real world analogies could use some work.The questions for each chapter are not only poorly written to begin with , but there lacks any explanation in the answers section as to why a particular answer is right and why one is wrong . This is key to learning the material , you need to know why you got something wrong , not just that it * is * wrong . I might recommend this book if you are re-certifying and already know the material , but if you are a first timer , beware . You will find Odoms style of writing to be somewhat confusing and at times completely unhelpful .
 An electronics technician of 8 years , I have a solid understanding of computers but I am totally new to internetworking and Cisco equipment . In my opinion this book is very poorly written and I do not beleive it was proof-read before it was printed . Since I am not a Cisco pro I can not detect any of the errors between the information presented and how things really work , but I can detect all the inconsistancies of the information given.Figures and diagrams that do not correlate with the text leave you wondering which is correct . Topic and chapter review quizes that ask things which were not explained in the text . There are answers provided in the back of the book to these quizes but 1 or 2 out of 10 of every 10 answers are incorrect and not ammended in the current errata . This is very frustrating to me because I have spent too much time reviewing material to figure out why I missed a question - only to find that I did n't . When I emailed Ciscopress and explained the ammount of errors I am finding I was refered to a very small errata page . I offered to submit a list of items that I felt should be reviewed for accuracy ... but should I be the one proof reading this text?Will the $ 250 exam also be so flawed ?
 I have not yet read this book , as it just arrived a few moments ago , but I ordered it on the basis of a past reading of Ouspensky 's , In Search Of The Miraculous . Imagine my surprise and disappointment , if you will , to discover that this is not the whole book , but a reprint of an extract of Chapter 10 , commencing at page 390 of the original text.No doubt , I will probably enjoy this $ 14.00 , one chapter snippet of Ouspensky 's work , but there really should be a disclaimer added to the Amazon text to be viewed by prospective purchasers . You ARE NOT getting the entire book , just chapter 10 . I rated this book 2 stars on the basis of deceptive advertising and not as a critique of Ouspensky 's thinking .
 This is not a review of the book . It is a review of the easily misunderstood 86 page article published under the name of `` A New Model Of The Universe - by P.D. Ouspensky '' by Kessinger Publishing and how it is fraudulently marketed -LRB- as though you would receive the entire book if you ordered the product -RRB- through Amazon.com.I too was fooled into buying the 86 page `` article '' extracted from the full book . I concur with the review that is titled `` WARNING '' . Make sure when you are trying to order this book that you are ordering the BOOK and not an extraction from the book , or ARTICLE , as the vendor 's customer service representative explained to me . The `` Look Inside '' feature is not representative of what you will be receiving ; it has all the chapters listed and even the first page of the BOOK . You must check the total number of pages in the Amazon description . If the total number of pages is 86 , you should know that the vendor is not selling the book `` A New Model of The Universe '' , the vendor is selling 1 chapter from the book -LRB- chapter 10 to be exact -RRB- . Good Luck .
 I purchased and downloaded the Kindle version to both my Kindle and to my iPad . I found serious formatting flaws with the text . There is only a single paragraph on each page , and sometimes a single sentence , and sometimes a single line of text , two or three words ! That makes this a 5,000 page text which is certainly not worth reading under any circumstance . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THE KINDLE VERSION UNTIL OR UNLESS THEY REVISE THE FORMAT of this otherwise excellent book . William Kern
 This contains some of Ouspenky 's speculations on a variety of `` spiritual '' subjects . Problem is , while Ouspensky was a well-educated and intelligent man , and may well have been a great teacher , before he met Gurdjieff , he did n't know all that much about mysticism , and he knew it -- which is why he went looking for what he later found in Gurdjieff . After he split with Gurdjieff , Ouspensky may have continued to offer a great deal to his students , but what he offered was his approach to awakening through the system he learned from Gurdjieff , not his own , unrelated musings on how the universe works . The Fourth Way system can be life-changing , but Ouspensky 's personal thoughts about Tarot , the number of dimensions that `` really '' exist -LRB- prove it , buddy -RRB- , etc. , are not of the same inspired level . The book may have been impressive when it was written decades ago , when Theosophy was all the rage , but in the context of what 's available in the typical `` spritual '' bookstore -LRB- any bookstore , for that matter -RRB- today , it 's very basic , and very incomplete . Not a `` new '' model at all , but an antique . Much better to read In Search of the Miraculous , which contains the essence of the teachings he learned from Gurdjieff . But Ouspensky has his devoted followers who view his words as scripture , as these reviews reveal .
 Another re-cycled hippie book that should have died a new-age death in the 60 's . A very good book if one wants to discover where theology went south .
 It is vital that you mention that it is only one chapter of the complete book by Ouspensky under the title A New Model of the Universe .
 Regrettably , I finished this almost 500 page book and felt my time had been wasted . While the book contains some good insights and has some value , on the whole it is outdated and better sources of its insight are available in a more current and relevant form.I read the book based on some positive references in other books and on generally positive reviews . I do not usually write reviews but feel it right to offer a counterpoint and a warning.In my view , Ouspensky offers an exotic viewpoint but not an esoteric one , with esoteric meaning `` interior '' rather than secretive . He offers that the pyramids and the Sphinx were made by a prior , superior race and merely restored by the ancient Egyptians . He sees value in the Tarot cards . He corrects both Einstein and physicists of both the old and the new on how things really are . He feels that `` Division into castes represents an ideal social division in accordance with esoteric systems . '' He equates homosexuality with `` unnatural inclinations '' . This may have been a valuable book when written in the early part of the 20th century but time has not been friendly to its positions . Better choices are available within this same genre today .
 I am appalled . I ordered this book which has 12 chapters . I received a ` manual ' with ONLY Chapter 10 . In all good faith I thought I was receiving the whole book - who would n't ! What redress do I have ? Amazon does not have a Contact Us on its website .
 I felt mis led and ripped off . I purchased this book for a relative . I searched google and found it to be cheaper and New at this store.I wanted a book not an expensive sample of a book . I did not even know items like this existed . I would like to see a caution in the preview of items like this or a Water mark stating `` Not the full Book '' or `` Preview of Book only '' . If you do n't click on the full description of the item you do not realize that this is not the book . Even though the name , viewable index shows 500 + pages . I wanted the whole book at a paper back price which is what I thought I was getting . This is just copies of some of the pages and only 60 to 80 pages at that . What a rip off . Who would want such a thing for $ 17.00 shipped.Be aware of the price . The actual book is 35.00 or more and be sure you are getting the book then too.Did not re order.This turned me away .
 I was disapointed in this book . Although the book was in good shape and fast delivery . It was the content that was lacking . Which is the chance you take when you order a book without looking inside to see first .
 I 've read hundreds of business books , this ranks as one of the lousiest waste of time and money . My wife bought it on the recommendation of her friend ... I got a hold of it and read it . The writing skill is that of a 6th grader , the content is so general , repetitive and lacking in any sustance that I ca n't believe all the positive reviews it 's gotten . Let me summarize this book for you and save you time and $ 10 ... Globalize ... that 's it . One word . If you do n't know that by now , you really should n't be in business . This book is a complete waste of time .
 I should have listened to the Bad Reviews of this Book , and not wasted my money.It goes into no depth in explaining how you actually achieve the globalised business that magically creates indefinite cash flow and passive income.The so called case studies that illustrate the concepts are again totally lacking in detail.The Book does not give you anything more fundamental than this vague concept of the `` Agile Business Structure '' . Do yourself a favour and do n't waste your time and money on this Book as I did .
 GOOD TITLE BUT LITTLE IN CONTENT . PROVIDED NO REAL INSIGHTS ON HOW TO HELP ONE BUILD AN EXIT STRATEGY IN STOPPING WORK . SOME POINTS OF REMINDER BUT NOT MUCH FOR A BOOK . COULD HAVE PUT THE LITTLE INFO OFFERED IN 3 PAGES.I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS BOOK .
 I 've read a few business books but I wanted to read something recent and fresh . I was very impressed with the 5 stars reviews which made me eager to buy it . However after I read it I feel this book is a rip off . It has a one good point , that you need to find a larger vendor for `` your product '' -LRB- which in this author 's case this very book - most likely his only product -RRB- to produce it , and let them distribute and sell it , and you get part of the profit . The author does n't give you any advice or instruction on how to actually do it . All he tells you is `` research '' . This idea was the main point of the book and ... actually there are n't any other points , except maybe that it 's recommended to buy a computer for your home office with a MICROSOFT software . I still ca n't believe how he made it into 277 pages book . Good job on that Mr. Hall ! The proper title for this book should be `` Childrens ' manual for creating a home business with a bonus idea of how to manufacture your product without owning a factory ''
 This translation is a nice effort -- at rewriting the original , extremely subtle text as a modern English drama according to the tastes and limitations of the translator . If you 're looking to capture the true genius of Chekhov , try another .
 This book requires concentration . It is not an easy or satisfying read . The TV series had an attempt at interpreting it but even that did not really work . I now know why late in my life I had never bothered with it before .
 The journal `` Lingua Franca '' recently asked some professors what novels they would recommend , and for some unfathomable reason `` Parade 's End '' came up , proof once again that if you 're ever looking for a good book the last person you should ask is a professor . `` Parade 's End '' is not just merely boring , but rather world-class boring , I mean middle of Book IX of `` Paradise Lost '' boring . Here once again we see another Modernist mistaking style for substance , as the potentially interesting character of Christopher Tietjens -LRB- `` the last Tory , '' as Ford described him -RRB- gets bogged down in both the plotless narrative and the lengthy , tedious interior monlogues that actually detract from our understanding of the characters `` speaking '' them . More than a few times did I , a la Samuel Johnson , hurl this book across the room in exasperation . The book is actually a four novel sequence , each one more aimless and insipid than the previous , which means that , at over 700 pages , a more gargantuan waste of time has yet to be found . Run , do n't walk , from this book
 If you care for a truly fine view of an end of an Empire , and what it `` does '' to people ... you could not do better than Robert Musil 's `` The Man Without qualities `` Musil handles his character and plot with a disinterested and careful irony . And a not unsympathetic wit . There are several main characters we learn to understand within the confines of their particular -LRB- absurd -RRB- circumstances . It is just a picture of a time and place . Musil dies before he can finish it.FORD veers from sardonic meanness to hysterical lampooning . Never -LRB- seems to me -RRB- ever quite catching the right tone . But , then , his characters never grow beyond caricatures . So
 Polland , while delving nicely into the setting and background of ninth century Viking Age , lost me entirely with the child-like dialogue and weak story-line . Much of her writing was un-realistic and therefore highly un-appreciated . Her writing definately needs to be brushed up several notches . While she develops her characters personalties nicely enough she then twists them around in odd ways that make the book rather undesirable . The book was rather boring all in all , I would not recommend it for an enjoyable read . If your having your child read this book for school and learning , fine then , It does indeed have valuable information concerning ninth century background , but if you want a nice book to enjoy , this is not the one for you !
 Difficult to read , minimum of information , and no sample usage . Only an english definition and a kana pronounciation to go with each word . This is my least favorite Kanji dictionary.Instead , check out the Kodansha 's Kanji Learner 's Dictionary -LRB- ISBN 4-7700-2855-5 -RRB- which is easy to read , with great explanations , wonderful lookup systems , and demonstrates the kanji as used in REAL words . Each kanji has meaning , but are rarely used by themselves in Japanese . Instead , this dictionary gives you a handful of words in which each kanji appears , a definition , and an example sentence or phrase .
 What on earth is the system for ordering compounds ?? Take the first character in the dictionary - ichi -LRB- one -RRB- . It has four pages of compounds under the on reading , listed helter skelter . In Nelson , the compounds are listed in ascending stroke order of the second character in the compound . There is apparently no system at all in Kodansha and you are left to pore laboriously through four pages of compounds , one by one . Makes no sense .
 This is a very well designed layout and dictionary . It has a lot of kanji too , but the only problem is it is missing a few .
 While this is not a terrible dictionary , it has two major flaws : First , for each kanji it only lists compounds that begin with the given kanji . If the kanji happens to be an affix -LRB- attached to the ends of words -RRB- , then no compounds will be listed.Second , it does not give all the connotations that a single kanji will have . Why is the kanji for ` north ' used in the word for ` defeat ' ? This dictionary wo n't tell you.For these reasons I would recommend insteadThe Kodansha Kanji Learner 's DictionaryIt uses romaji instead of kana , but do n't let that deter you ; you 'll get plenty of practice reading kana outside of your kanji dictionary . It 's learning kanji that 's the hard part .
 I bought this book after being diagnosed with endometriosis . In my case , the diagnosis had been completely unexpected and I was looking for some answers in regards to how this disease would effect my life.Although there was some useful information in this book -LRB- particularly in the first few chapters -RRB- , in general this book left me feeling as though my whole world was about to end . I have since found out that many women live ordinary lives with only minimal disruption caused by this disease . Reading this book , however , I was given the distinct impression that I would eventually end up in so much pain I would not be able to leave my home and that I had no chance of ever having children.This book did me absolutely no favours , and I would not recommend it .
 This book is a stinker . Here 's the deal ... think of some catchy metaphor -LRB- e.g. , life is a climb , life is a portrait , life is a ladder ... something like that -RRB- . Come up with a `` theory '' around the metaphor -LRB- e.g. , you can climb or camp when you have a problem , you can copy a picture or create your own , etc. -RRB- Do a chapter on each idea -LRB- Chapter # 1
 Mr. Stoltz has invented an acronym for the obvious
 This is yet another gimmicky kind of book disguised as science . I can save everyone allot of time and describe what 's really in here -- think in a positive way and some good things will happen to you -- at least some of the time . The pseudoscience in here is a joke really .
 We had an AQ seminar at work . It is the dumbest thing I have ever had to sit through.It 's so cartoonish ; filled with bland , useless metaphors that mean whatever you want them to mean.Life is a Mountain -LRB- tm -RRB- ! Are you a Climber -LRB- tm -RRB- ? a Camper or a Quitter?Climbers -LRB- tm -RRB- enjoy the highest highs ! Campers `` play it safe . '' Quitters avoid commitment . boo ! Do n't be a quitter ! Be a Climber -LRB- tm -RRB- ! Remember that 30 Rock episode where Liz Lemon had that `` Deal Breaker '' book?These clowns literally have trademarked the phrase `` Deal Breaker . `` I would like to trademark the phrase Facile Joke -LRB- tm -RRB- for my reviews of anything produced by Stoltz .
 Throughout the book , Sonny talks about one of the Oakland Chapters members , who he referrs to as Cincinatti . Now , whether this person is himself or not , I think that this person has imbibed in way too many foreign substances . There 's multiple stories of running around and talking to ghosts , taking ghosts for rides on their motorcycles , then hooking the ghost up with ol' ladies in the ghost world , etc. . There were other typical Sonny Barger hidden slams about other clubs selling their old ladies in houses of ill repute , when in reality , it 's much more believable were it to have been a confession . Either way , I really like the quote from Freewheelin Frank in his own book -LRB- a 60 's paperback , now out of print -RRB- where he Quotes Sonny as saying
 Was expecting to read something interesting about the self-proclaimed `` legend , '' but it was a collection of stories whose truth was always questioned , EVEN BY THE BOOK ITSELF . The foreword warned that not all the stories were true . Then , after a more-interesting story , the next story sharted with `` Now this story is true , I swear it ... '' Lame.There are much more interesting motorcycle stories -LRB- and better writing -RRB- on the ` Net . This book was filled with swear words thrown in the oddest places , there was no flow between the stories , the characters were confusing , maybe they needed the money and hurried the book to market , I dunno.The Zimmermans ' first book on Sonny was much better , in spite of Sonny coming across as narcissistic as he did .
 I agree 100 % with the review questioning whether Sonny ran out of material ; sure looks that way . The major problem with the book is that , except for a few very good passages -LRB- which is why I gave it 2 stars instead of one -RRB- it is just not interesting -LRB- then again , I almost dropped it back to 1 after reading one completely disgusting story about a biker 's first success with the girl of his dreams ; did they really have to include this ? -RRB- . In his ongoing attempt to clean up the biker 1 % er image , portraying them as basically good guys who raise a little hell once in a while rather than real outlaws , Barger is forced to abandon what I 'm sure would be infinitely more interesting stories . Overall really not worth the time or money .
 Zimmerman 's easy read of Barger 's memories is a bit of history . One begins quite quickly to realize this history lacks credibility . Barger has reinvented the story of the gang-beating of Hunter Thompson . Skip Workman himself admitted in a 1967 television interview that women once in a while needed to be beaten like a rug . A woman 's beating is the reason Thompson expressed his disapproval and was subsequently beaten -LRB- Workman 's comments were specific to the Thompson beating -RRB- . Barger softens the story in the book , as part of his overall attempt to change the reputation of the club and make them appear to be heroes . Barger further hopes to canonize himself through this self-fashioning . Once this credibility is broken , one can not help but question the account of Barger 's wife 's accidental death while attempting to self abort . Barger freely admits he did not want children . As long as you are ready to indulge the over 60 Barger 's attempt to use this quick read to convince you he is an American hero -LRB- he supported the Vietnam war -RRB- , take a peek , it wo n't take much of your time .
 Although this book was entertaining , it is hardly the best book out there for tales of ` cyclers . I did enjoy the tale of the poor girl who got -LSB- ... -RSB- on a Panhead that was trash . And the story about the guy who picked up a ghost was entertaining , even if it was hardly believable . Many of the stories were just too short and seemed to have no point . I point here in example the story about the kid who saw a bunch of ` cyclers going to a funeral . Big whoop . Keeping to stories of adventure would have been better , but many of these stories do ' t even fit the subtitle `` Hell-Raising '' . Blaah .
 Found the chosen story lines disappointing . The booked lacked reader appeal for me , hence I was not compelled to return tothe book after several chapters had been read .
 Jeez , aside from about 30 pages of goodness about Steve Mcqueen and a few old-time H/A stories-which are told using lame-o aliases and seem to be recalled through a certain haze ... this is just a steamin ' pile of crap . Crap I could hear if I went to the gaywad leather bar in my town . What can I say , I have all the respect in the world for Barger , the H/A 's , whatever , but I did n't pay money to read about a yuppie 's BMW road trip . Seriously.I just expected better from somebody who has better stories than this -LRB- really , he 's got ta have better stories...Son-come on , you do n't have better than this ?? -RRB- . I just kept thinking that Barger just really did n't want to be doing this , and it came down to these two nutsucker ghost-writers grasping at straws .
 I 'm a native Californian and lifetime bike rider . Like a lot of people , I 've always had a kind of fascination with Hells Angels -- and that debauched life-style . I bought this book on a whim , thinking it might be interesting anecdotes/episodics . I was wrong ; really wrong.This book is a loose string of stories -- some interesting , some boring . The thing that really impacted me as a reader is the poor prose . Even with two `` with '' writers/editors , it reads like a series of remedial essays . Mix in the justifications , sexism , and plain hostility and it 's just sad and a waste of time and money.There 's no way I 'd read the other book -LRB- Hell 's Angels -RRB- now . This was so poorly written it was a near painful read . I wish it had been different -- but I just ca n't get past the constant attitude and room temperature IQ presentation . Oh , one other thing ; it 's stated early that some of the stories are `` true '' and some are not ... what the ... ?!? Yep , I used to teach and tutor English ; given the context of publication , I 'd have to give it a D.
 My first Amazon review.I read the 7th Edition for my graduate student class in Databases . The 10ed is better organized and more applicable to current business applications , BUT , BUT , There are too many damn errors in the book that will Drive you crazy.I have not done a DB , since I took the my grad class , 7 yrs ago . I 'm studying the book for work with a deadline . I working the weekend to get this project done , BUT , I have stopped to write this Review . Heard of the movie a Bridge to Far , this is the An Errata to Many.Save your money and Do n't buy this book , until you see an Errata on -LSB- ... -RSB- Tom
 This is probably the single most tedious textbook I have ever read . I learned more from spending ~ 10 hours in SQL server 2008 and w3schools messing around than I did from reading this book .
 I own many database books from Access 98 to SQL server 2005 ... this is the worst DB book that I 've used to date . It reads more like a book for researchers focusing on impractical theory rather than practical application . If you 're writing your doctorate on databases this might be your book . If you want to learn about databases there are many , many better options .
 The author of this book seems to think the sun rises and set in Redmond , even contending that Microsoft is solely responsible for the success of ODBC . Yes 90 % of the world 's desktops have some version of MS Windows , but databases run on servers , not desktops . The complete neglect of non Microsoft products make this book incomplete at best , and present a very skewed view of the database world .
 This book in its 8th edition still lacks clearity . I have a copy of the 7th edition also.Whats wrong with this book :1 . Chapters are too wordy , examples fail to fully clearify what the author is trying to convey .2 . End of chapter questions have no solutions to review questions/problems to verify readers understanding of material.Companion web site is weak also.Author offers no real RE-Enforcement of topic .3 . Seems to rely on instructors to clear up text material.Which in my opinion is a very bad mistake .4 . I had to search out other resources for re-enforcement and claification of material .5 . The author writes a whole appendix B section on a software product that covers designing databases -LRB- that I will never use -RRB- . I think if the author would have taken the time to do that for chapters 3 and 4 . One read through would have been enough.Bottom line if you have to read a chapter more than twice to understand what the author is trying to convey . Then its not worth reading and a waste of time . Technology curve is at a 6 month change over , you no longer have 2 years to learn a subject .
 Ridiculously overpriced , even for a textbook . There are actual mistakes littered throughout the book and the accompanying slides that were provided to the professor . The occasional error is understandable in a first edition , but by the 9th edition it 's inexcusable.Yes , I am talking about the 9th edition rather than the 10th . Somehow after all these editions I do n't think they 've gone through and cleaned it up with the latest one.Maybe you think I 'm just bitter because a new edition came out just in time for me to not be able to sell my 9th ed . back to the bookstore . Well , I wo n't deny that . But I will say that this is the first computer science textbook that I even tried to sell back .
 The book was sold to me as `` NEW '' and it had writing in the book.The writing was in pen and hence this book is clearly NOT a new book .
 I have to agree with the negative reviews so far . This book is a nightmare ! I 'm currently using this book for class.The author contradicts himself not only from chapter to chapter but within individual paragraphs.He spends entirely too much time on simple ideas and breezes through complex ones.I find myself reading through paragraphs thinking , `` Oh , he 's still talking about that ? Why is he still taking about that ? `` Then the next paragraph , `` What the hell is he talking about !? `` His sentences are wordy and complicated . He has forgotten the basic structure of the English sentence . That being
 A huge re-write is needed , the author overpowers the basics of modeling and industry used methodology with his semantic object ramblings . The author contradicts himself in several chapters , which are bloated with useless words and ridden with mistakes.I was forced to use this as a class textbook , however I would not consider the book worthy of keeping for reference . Urge your professors to use another text - the author is simply fixated on semantic objects - to the detriment of the victims who have purchased this book.If your professor insists you use this text , change classes . If you are considering this book for reference material - it 's a waste , unless you are a fan of the little used , -LRB- if at all -RRB- semantic object modeling.Summary - too little focus on basic entity relationships , diagramming , and normalization - very heavy on author 's fixation of semantic objects.It 's disgusting that Kroenke recently released another book on the basics of databases - and did NOT damage the customers with the semantic object fixation that makes this book an absolute mess .
 This book in its 8th edition still lacks clearity . I have a copy of the 7th edition also.Whats wrong with this book :1 . Chapters are too wordy , examples fail to fully clearify what the author is trying to convey .2 . End of chapter questions have no solutions to review questions/problems to verify readers understanding of material.Companion web site is weak also.Author offers no real RE-Enforcement of topic .3 . Seems to rely on instructors to clear up text material.Which in my opinion is a very bad mistake .4 . I had to search out other resources for re-enforcement and claification of material .5 . The author writes a whole appendix B section on a software product that covers designing databases -LRB- that I will never use -RRB- . I think if the author would have taken the time to do that for chapters 3 and 4 . One read through would have been enough.Bottom line if you have to read a chapter more than twice to understand what the author is trying to convey . Then its not worth reading and a waste of time . Technology curve is at a 6 month change over , you no longer have 2 years to learn a subject .
 One person calls it a finger , another person , a digit , and still another person insists it is a phalange . What is the problem ? They are all the same thing . This sums up chapter 3 through 5 perfectly . The author uses different terms for the same word . We are using this book for our Intro to Database class , and NO ONE is understanding it -LRB- there are two sections of this class , and the other section does n't understand it either -RRB- . My professor , who builds databases for a living , had to read chapters 3 and 4 about 4 times just to understand what the author was trying to say . I 'm not going to say that this is a bad book , I 'm just saying that it is n't a good book for beginners . It should be more for graduate-level students . Summary
 Considering that this book is the 10th edition , I would not want to see what the previous editions looked like . This book is full of mistakes , both editorial and technical.Don ' t buy this book unless you absolutely have to for a class . If you do have to , look for the best price on a used book , do n't bother to buy a new one , you will NOT want to keep it.This book has some of the worst examples I have ever seen . The examples are so convoluted that there usually is n't a straight forward answer to most of the problems . This has been verified by looking in the instructors version of the book .
 I have a difficult time learning from this book . The questions he uses are very difficult to understand and often are misleading.The answer key is missing , so understanding or checking your grasp of the material must wait until officially tested . Which is now too late , the concepts roll into each other . His vocabulary , used to describe a condition , is incredibly vast . So unnecessary . Too many definitions , not enough examples where to use the concepts.Bashes MS and Access to excess . Nothing in the instructions how to find SQL or install it or use it , so you are forced to us Access which when you query , is broken by some of his sample SQL statements.Finally , many examples and conditions are explained along with his terminology which he says no one uses !! But you find this out only AFTER you have read the pages involved . Seems like a waste to explain a concept you should never use or does n't hold true . And then he tests you on those concepts .
 I had to buy this book for a Masters degree course . I think a fair amount of data is contained within the text but the organization style is not that good . The author drops hints that he has been writing this book for a long time and that it has helped some major names in the database world find inspiration ... that 's all well and good but a good book does this not make.The price is obviously way too much for something that is not really a practical guide . Most of the people that buy it will likely only be buying it because they are forced to . What a shame ... it would be much nicer to have a quality product to learn from . This is not it in my opinion . It could be done better .
 This has got to be the worst book that I have ever read . The author tends to confuse you . I considered myself to be very knowledgable when it comes to databases however , after reading this book I 'm more confused than ever . I found myself reading some of the chapters two-three times just to try and understand what the author was attempting to say . It is definitely not a book for beginners .
 I have no particular gripe with Lyle Saxon -- I only encountered this book for some quick lexicographic research -- but readers should be cautioned that , in the lengthy excerpt I read , his is a thoroughly untroubled view of the legacy of slavery , and the black characters are presented largely as happy , childlike simpletons absolutely deferential to and enamored of their benevolent white superiors , albeit with dangerous impulses toward inexplicable violence among themselves.Those who have encountered the `` Happy Darky '' stereotype before will likely cringe , for instance , when reading about the impoverished , uneducated black characters , including adults and an elderly man , gleefully falling over one another in the `` hunting Santa '' episode , in which a white woman of the plantation house has strewn sprigs of mistletoe for which the black characters hunt , many making hound-dog noises , in pursuit of `` Santa '' -LRB- a white woman in disguise -RRB- . When they see her , many of them wail and scurry away in terror , until eventually one grown woman tentatively approaches for her stocking of fruit , nuts , & c. ; -- which are cast as evidence of the absolute beneficence and humaneness of the wealthy white dwellers of the manor house.The nostalgia for slavery and the Jim-Crow world that prevailed for almost a century thereafter is unmitigated and ultimately creepy , made more so by the second-person narration , which places the reader among the good-hearted privileged white folks being served hand-and-foot by the black characters . For some reason I feel I should point out defensively that I am from the rural South , but it really should n't matter.Ultimately , Saxon 's portrayal of race relations does n't appear hateful , but the miasma of nostalgia seems to make him thoroughly unreflective on the subject , not altogether unlike William F. Buckley 's reveries about his childhood of wealth and privilege , and how he grew up dreading and resenting changes to his lovely and pleasant way of life , never much interested in reflecting , so far as I 've read , on how his inherited privilege was predicated on the disadvantages of folks not of the yacht-and-ponies set.It 's largely unfair to compare Saxon with more important white Southern authors such as his contempraries Faulkner , Welty , Caldwell , and later O'Connor , but a moment 's reflection on their more serious and conflicted engagement with the South 's racial heritage will show how the sweet , elegiac nostalgia of Saxon 's book is missing some key ingredients .
 I found this book to be so predictable , the story line was too simple ... there was no depth to the story or to the characters ... and I had a hard time sticking with it . The whole story focuses on this woman 's issues with her own father that she then transfers to the father of her student . How do they fall in love ? I have n't a clue because there was absolutely no story there to give that scenario any meat or background . I 'm just saying ... I see the author has other books ... I hope they are better for the sake of those who buy them .
 It is really annoying to start reading a book only to find out that it is a short story . This could have been an interesting book , but it only took about half an hour to read . I do n't understand why it is not mandatory to label short stories so that people know what they are buying .
 She 's a bitch . He 's a creep that attacks her during their first training session . The character personalities are one-dimensionally developed to have the depth of a piece of paper . Hard to like either one of them and even care about their story .
 Daddy issues drive a high school coach into the arms of one of her students widowed fathers . The predictable plot of this book was remarkable even for a genre known and loved for predictability . The characters are flat and the extremely overbearing father character who suddenly redeems himself made this one of the few books I couldnt even bother to finish .
 Single dad -LRB- Ian -RRB- arranges it so that the local high school track coach -LRB- Andrea -RRB- has to train him for a half marathon . An idea that Andrea is not open to as Ian reminds her of her always absent and overbearing father . Andrea has some unresolved issues in this areas . Misunderstandings occur and eventually a relationship blooms.I struggled with this book . The protagonist was so wrapped up in her own daddy issues , that the plot became tiresome -LRB- and I just wanted to slap her -RRB- . As a woman who was raised by a father who was always working , I thought that on some level I would identify with the protagonist . This did not occur , the character thought too much of herself and thought too little of the intentions of the other people around her . I think it was the intention of the author to present a woman who was smart and strong willed , instead she came off self centred and lacking in emotional IQ . The book spent too much time describing cliche wholesome family interactions . G rated romance suitable for a young girl , not suitable for the adult market .
 The writing in this book is amateurish , the characters flat , and the plot utterly predictable . It was a complete waste of time .
 I do n't care for the author 's abuse of the time line . Duras ' character development is firm , but her flashbacks are ill timed and confusing . Duras ' message of using the women 's body as a form of control and yet making the main character seem separated from her body does n't seem to really say anything .
 I had heard so much about this book that characterized it as an erotic masterpiece , an ode to passion and the story of a doomed cross-cultural romance -- but in fact most of the book is about the author 's hatred of her mother and her older brother . And while the sexual aspect of her love affair is central to the story , the descriptions are muted and very understated . Indeed , the romance is profoundly one-sided and the narrator only belatedly wonders if in fact she loved him at all.Most of the book 's energy derives from her vicious attacks on her manic-depressive mother and her morally corrupt monster of an elder brother , whom she describes as a killer , a hunter and a murderer -- blaming him for the death of her younger brother , although how he was responsible is never made clear . So vivid and fierce is her bitterness and hatred for her mother and brother that it largely eclipses the more vaguely articulated love affair and indeed relegates the lover as a secondary character in a dim side-story . The writing varies from marvelous , haunting prose to muddled and awkward philosophizing on life and death , frequently incomprehensible and repetitive . As a backdrop , French Indochina of the 1930s is portrayed both lovingly and with contempt , and the French colonial apartheid treated as a normal way of life . Marguerite Duras ' own self-disdain is evident on every page.I 'm baffled that this book was such a grand success , even given the different tastes prevalent in 1984 , or that it was made into such a fine film , which correctly ignored the negativity and focused on the passion . For me it was a monumental disappointment .
 I am not sure where the adulation for this book comes from and I realize I am in the minority in not liking it . I found this book very difficult to follow and the ceaseless jumping about from time to time was annoying . There was also a surprising amount of repetition in this short book . I really wanted to like this book . It might be better with a second read but life is too short for that .
 I absolutely loved the style of Duras prose . It is top of the line , even translated . The plot however leaves much to be desired . Duras plays with events non-chronologically , telling you things early on which would best be saved for the end of the novel . If you 're looking for something different , this book might be for you . If not , leave it alone . You 'll be glad you did .
 Learn to read them properly . They are sacred.-Marguerite Duras speaking of her own writingThey say masturbation makes morons of children . It was n't the case with me . On the contrary , it brought me reason , revolt and joy.-Marguerite Duras speaking of herselfThese two quotations , which the critic Robert Fulford cites in his review of a biography of Ms Duras , provide us with some perspective on how we 're supposedto react to this semi-autobiographical novel . For the novel is itself masturbatory , an act of self-love . And only someone who considers themself to be a kind ofdivine could possibly imagine that readers would find beautiful and moving the story of her own childhood whoredom.Ms Duras seems to have been a profoundly despicable person , a collaborator with the Nazis in Vichy France , then switching to the Communists just in time tosave her skin , disliked by even her `` friends '' , and apparently filled with well-deserved self-loathing . Here she tells the altogether unpleasant tale of a 15 yearold French girl in Indochina who , her family having fallen on hard times , seduces a rich Chinese man twice her age in order to become his kept woman . It is alove story that is devoid of love , a piece of erotica that is singularly unerotic , a coming of age tale by an author who seems to have spent in life trapped in theself-centeredness of childhood . It . like its author , is simply appalling.GRADE
 This internationally acclaimed book , which was also made into a movie , is about a young white girl in Saigon who initially sells herself into prostitution . A Chinese man , whose father is a millionaire , is the only taker and loves her obsessively , though because of the race issues in the 1930 's , marriage is impossible from the start.The book is written as a memoir of her disturbing and dysfunctional life amidst a family that you fail to grow attached to . There is minimal use of names , which keeps the characters distant to the reader . The mesmerizing prose invites you along in a haunting way , but the story leaves much to be desired . At times it goes off on tangents like a rambling mind and leaves you wondering where you have been taken.I know Duras has been hailed as an award-winning author but I can honestly say it was a chore to finish this book . Perhaps this book is for a certain kind of reader , to be read when one is in the mood for something other than a good story.Kelsana 6/14/01
 ok . i 'm lost . i just read the book , THE LOVER , and i ca n't figure it out . mind you , i read a lot . at the same time i read THE LOVER i am reading pearl s. buck IMPERIAL WOMAN , and a book by barbara samuel . i am studying A COURSE IN MIRACLES and i like to study anything off the beaten track ... i read , and study , extensively . and you know what ? i do n't get THE LOVER . first love . ok . i had a couple of those , but i still do n't relate ... i am lost by the tenses ... what is happening and when ? then i do n't understand indo-china . sorry . i do n't know much more about this area of the world than what pearl is telling me in IMPERIAL WOMAN circa mid 1800 's . EXLAIN PLEASE > oh , add in what i have recently researched and know about the boxing day tsumani ... that is the extent of knowledge i have about this area of the world . i ca n't know what i have n't lived . explain it please ... for example , what is the real meaning of white people in THE LOVER -LRB- rare ? -RRB- ? explain . what land does her mother lose and why ? what is her brother , the older , all about ... ? the whole book i wait for clarification . i truly want to understand . so much that i ask my 16 year old daughter to read it and help me `` get it '' ... so much that i go on amazon and read the reviews to see what other readers pulled from the book . i want to get it ... what 'd i miss ? i spent a whole sunday afternoon on this ... what was the point ? i do n't feel it ... jf
 I only studied with this book , and I passed , but I do n't really attribute it to this study guide . Perhaps it was the version of the test I took , but out of the 200 questions , maybe 30 were covered in this study guide . This guide is chock full of names that you do n't need to know -LRB- for the test -RRB- and it covers none of the DSM . The career section and the appraisal and research sections are not enough to be prepared for what 's on the NCE . The other sections were fine though . ''
 I really do n't think I passed the nce and I took it yesterday in Harrisbug . The questions on the NCE were much more difficult and tricky than I could have ever imagined they would be . There was so much on the test about career counseling and statistics and the encyclopedia just did not seem to do those areas any justice . It 's my own fault for not researching those subjects more than relying on the book but I assumed that the book had covered what I would need to know and I think I was wrong . In 6-8 weeks I will find out if I passed or not , and if I did n't , I will be purchasing the nce review that has been mentioned here by others . As soon as I looked at the first question and the way in which it was written , I knew I was not fully prepared .
 DO NOT USE THIS TOOL IF YOU ARE STUDYING FOR THE COMPS ! I used this book and felt INCREDIBLY unprepared for the comprehensive exam -LRB- the CPCE -RRB- . Get ANYTHING different !
 The questions are SO simple that when you actually sit down to take the NCE , you will feel totally unprepared . The actual questions are much more difficult !
 I took the NCE , as of this morning 10/20/07 , after having read through this book 3 times over a span of about 2 months . Additionally , I purchased his audio cd series . Needless to say , nothing in either format prepared me for the NCE . The test did not contain any questions related to the material covered , or prepared me for the ambiguous questions posed by the exam.If you are looking to spend your money , Look elsewhere , Dr. Rosenthal can get rich off of someone else .
 This book looks the writing process in such a way that you would think an alien wrote it . The author loves his ideas and goes on and on . If you do n't have to buy it for a class , do n't waste your money !
 I had this book for one of my writing classes . The idea behind seemed interesting and helpful . However , half the time I really had no idea what the author was talking about , and on top of that he rambles about the same thing FOREVER . I ended up skimming the chapters just to get the reading over with . I almost feel like he was more interested in wowing readers with his vocabulary than trying to explain other writers ' ideas about style . Things that could take about 10 pages to say , it takes him 30 . And by the end of the chapter , you still do n't really have any idea what the point was because he never actually tells you . The only good thing about this book was the quotes . So , if you are required to take a class , and this book is what you need for the class , just do n't take the class . This book is that bad . Or if you are just buying it because it seems interesting , you 've been warned .
 I ordered this book and it was supposed to came with a CD-Room , but I did not reiceived it . I sent an email to consumer services and called up and they never answer . However , I received the book in the stipulated time but for most of the activities you need the CD .
 I grabbed this , in audio book form , from the public library when I knew I 'd be kept at home for a week while my car was being repaired . I started it while doing dishes and at first the romance was sort of fun . The dialogue , however , was really horrible ... I wondered if it had been written pre-1950 . The cutesiness of the conversations between the two lovers is enough to make you vomit . After listening to one disk , I put it away.When my car was not ready on the promised day and I had run out of other entertainment I reluctantly tried this again . I stuck it out while cleaning the bathroom and it seemed just the right thing to listen to while scrubbing the toilet.I noticed while in the library that there were other books written by this author ; apparently she is popular and someone actually pays her money to turn out this drivvel . Egad!I admit that I 've never read a `` romance '' novel before so I guess this just is n't my thing . I sure wo n't read anything else by this woman !!
 Not Even For Love , by Sandra Brown is not one of her better books . This book is about as close to a cheap Harlequin romance novel that one will get . I barely got through the book - it was awful . No mystery , no character depth , totally superficial , totally predictable , totally flat , dull , and boring . I believe that Ms. Brown mentioned that the book was written in 1982 and she should have left it there . Touted as a `` classic love story , I found absolutely nothing `` classic '' about this book . Do n't waste your time reading this one . Her later books are so much better .
 Well I have not had the benefit of reading other Sandra Brown 's . This was trash . I got the CD version on sale and thought it would make an entertaining car trip . Jordan is so controlled by both men . Both men want her primarily for her looks . Reeves is a little violent , Helmut is just an egotist . I almost threw it away after disc 2 but I wondered if maybe Jordan ever stood on her own two feet . She does n't .
 Widow Jordan Hadlock is an American in Switzerland . Working at a bookstore in Lucerne , she is the object of desire of wealthy Swiss industrialist , Helmut Eckhardt . Not sure if she is ready for another marriage , she holds Helmut at arm 's length . But a chance meeting with a fellow American - photographer Reeves Grant - puts her life into a tailspin . When he seeks shelter from a storm , they end up spending a night filled with passion together , and in the morning , he is gone.Imagine her surprise when the hunky Reeves is assigned to photograph Helmut for an article , and at a lavish party , Helmut announces to his guests that he and Jordan are to be married -LRB- despite her never agreeing -RRB- . As she gets pushed into more interactions with Reeves , their undeniable attraction can not be extinguished , and after another passionate night in a storm , will she take a chance on Reeves?Touted as another `` classic love story '' from Brown , it really is just a dated cheesy 80 's romance novel that 's light on plot . You 'd be better to borrow this one from the library .
 A man comes to a bookstore in Lucerne after it is closed and gains admittance because he is lost and caught in a storm . That is the opening senario . He immediately starts forcing his attentions on the female owner and because he is so incredibly sexy she cant ' t say no . As far as I am concerned , it was a rape , and then the next day he finds out the woman has a fiancee and is ticked off at herfor not telling him ! I got the cd from the library and was yelling at it in the car . Garbage !
 I have read quite a bit of Sandra Brown but found this particular book disappointing . It was way too predictable and a lot of the dialog was kindergarten . The good thing about this book is it is short . I would not recommend this book for reading . I will continue to read Sandra Brown because I know she can write better .
 There are only 385 pages in this book not 500 as stated . I wonder who puts this informations in . Probably amazon made a mistake .
 Virgil Copeland 's little conspiracy is turning into a nightmare . When he and his colleagues smuggled a few LOVs to Earth and used themselves as test subjects , Virgil never suspected that two of his friends would soon be dead , and he himself on the run from international law , on his way to the place where the mutant LOV colonies made landfall ... `` A Limit of Vision '' is confused . In the beginning it tries to be an edgy , sci-fi thriller , but soon slows down to a crawl and attempts to be a hard SF novel . The beginning features a moderately exciting escape sequence , a satellite crash , and a tidal wave , all in about fifty pages . Then the plot abruptly stops . All characters quickly and conveniently sort out into heroes and villains . The heroes suddenly become shallow and predictable , and what they 're doing is n't very exciting
 I was riveted for the first 60 pages or so ... the implications of the story at this point are profound , a thriller which places the contest of ethics and science on stage . Then , inexplicably , Nagata changes pace and it slows considerably.After losing the science/thriller pace , the story leaves does n't drive to a full examination of the theme ; other central characters , including the enigmatic `` Mother Tiger , '' remain forever obscured by mystery.Entertaining , but the utterly profound examination of the central question , having been abandoned , the novel languishes . After almost finishing , I left the remaining 40 pages or so many days before I summoned up the gumption to finish it .
 It seems rewriting Greg Bear 's excellent `` Blood Music '' has become madatory for every new SF author to come along . This kind of recycling normally would n't bother me because it 's a great plot worth revisiting from another author 's perspective . What does bother me is they never get it right . An escaped biotech , nanotech , whatever-tech agent which alters people 's minds and threatens a new order of human evolution should be scary . But though it 's touted as hard SF `` Limit of Vision '' reads like a juvenile adventure novel and rarely generates anything more than mild suspense . It does n't help that Nagata saddles her rogue whatever-tech agents with the unfortunate acronym `` LOVs '' -- a name I ca n't help but associate with either Barney the Dinosaur or disposable diapers . But these LOVs are serious things which atain sentience -LRB- surprise -RRB- , tear up a space station and start reproducing themselves after outgrowing their chemical-dependence safeguards -LRB- yep , JUST like in Jurassic Park -RRB- . You 'd think people would be a little hesitant to infect themselves with these LOVs -LRB- cute name notwithstanding -RRB- , but not in this strange world where all natural human instincts are sacrificed to further the plot . Nope , in this world people ca n't wait to get their brains on the LOVs because LOVs `` intensify your mood '' . Exaclty what `` intensifying your mood '' really gets you is never really nailed down , but it 's a pale second compared to the host of freakish super powers imbued in `` Blood Music '' -- or for that matter in any of the various Star Trek episodes of a similar plot . People may be willing to scrap The World As They Know It for an evolutionary upgrade , but it 's got ta be a killer deal -- imortality at the very least . I found myself rooting for the `` bad guys '' who spend the novel trying to stop the idiotic `` heroes '' from thoughtlessly passing out LOVs like M&M s ; even as they 're mutating into that thing on the book cover . In the real world our response to such an outbreak could be summed up in two words
 Nagata sets up the big questions in this book and then punts at the end . Her maturation as a writer happens right in front of our eyes but do n't buy this book . The ending can only be described as 1 -RRB- A cliffhanger designed to get you to buy the sequel , or 2 -RRB- A failure of literary courage . In either case , this is editorial irresponsibility at its most heinous . Even the most transparent first book of a series resolves the major plot elements and answers the questions raised by the narrative . Not this time.None of this would matter if Nagata had written just another media tie-in , dumbed down and evanescent as rime . But it is n't . As Norman Spinrad noted in his review in the March 2002 Asimov 's , this is a spectacularly well-written tale for literate adults , all too rare in the current market . If you must have more Nagata , enjoy the setup but do n't expect a payoff . It is n't there
 I was excited to read this free book until I received it.Unfortunately there is no table of contents.Some of the punctuation is different from the original . This is distracting and slows the pace of the book.Everything runs together . The entire book from the preface to the end reads like one chapter without a break .
 My family has a history of Dyslexia , so comic books are hard to read . So when my mother told me that had a Christmas Carol , Batman classic for sale , I was thrilled . Needless to say , there was no Batman and I wasted my time and money wondering when we were going to see the caped crusader kicking ebeneezers arse .
 Before reading A Christmas Carol , I automatically gave the book the highest regard probably because I was influenced by the Disney 's movie version , at least that 's what I thought the book will be like . It did n't turn out to be the case . Admittedly I am a huge fan of Charles Dickens ' books and consider David Copperfield one of my favorite books , I felt A Christmas Carol a drastic departure from author 's usual style . What I noticed the most in the book is the usage of the many five dollar words -LRB- This might be the reason , I realize now , that there are alternate versions of the story and especially in abridged form -RRB- . Not only those words made the book difficult to read , they helped to provide detachment for me from enjoying the story and being immersed in the tale . What is worse , I simply did n't like the story all that much because I felt my motivation to be lacking when Ebenezer Scrooge was hand-picked for the journey . Thinking of the kind of a person he is , why ca n't a worthier person be selected ? That 's why I prefer the tale of It 's a Wonderful Life over A Christmas Carol , and it did happen to a better person than Scrooge . One worst part about A Christmas Carol is the force to love Christmas to death . I am not too keen about this approach because it feels too religious in the wrong way . Then again , the entire book was too religious for my taste with a lot of overtones in a spiritual sense . Charles Dickens also gives poverty a role in A Christmas Carol , but I did n't like the part where a character is judged by how he views money as he sees fit . All in all , I found A Christmas Carol a disappointing read , and all of the characters were unmemorable for me .
 Before reading A Christmas Carol , I automatically gave the book the highest regard probably because I was influenced by the Disney 's movie version , at least that 's what I thought the book will be like . It did n't turn out to be the case . Admittedly I am a huge fan of Charles Dickens ' books and consider David Copperfield one of my favorite books , I felt A Christmas Carol a drastic departure from author 's usual style . What I noticed the most in the book is the usage of the many five dollar words -LRB- This might be the reason , I realize now , that there are alternate versions of the story and especially in abridged form -RRB- . Not only those words made the book difficult to read , they helped to provide detachment for me from enjoying the story and being immersed in the tale . What is worse , I simply did n't like the story all that much because I felt my motivation to be lacking when Ebenezer Scrooge was hand-picked for the journey . Thinking of the kind of a person he is , why ca n't a worthier person be selected ? That 's why I prefer the tale of It 's a Wonderful Life over A Christmas Carol , and it did happen to a better person than Scrooge . One worst part about A Christmas Carol is the force to love Christmas to death . I am not too keen about this approach because it feels too religious in the wrong way . Then again , the entire book was too religious for my taste with a lot of overtones in a spiritual sense . Charles Dickens also gives poverty a role in A Christmas Carol , but I did n't like the part where a character is judged by how he views money as he sees fit . All in all , I found A Christmas Carol a disappointing read , and all of the characters were unmemorable for me .
 This book is by far one of the most boring books I have ever read . I do not recommend it to anyone . It was hard for me to keep up with whatever was going on .
 I agree with what Micheal Levin writes at a website called The Daily Objectivist , Scrooge was better at the beginning ! He says
 I know this is a classic amd you are supposed to admire the great writimg skills of Charles Dickens but this book is tortureous . He uses unnecessary comparrisons and words that nobody understands . I understand Dickens is a great writer and it show . Everybody knows this story you do not need to torture yourself ny reading this though . It is boring and hard to understand . Just watch one of the movies .
 I had to read this for Language Arts last year and I absolutely hated it . No matter how many times I reread the Staves , I still could n't understand it . It is just a bunch of details , not a tied-together broad image . If you like to get confused and are in High School or older , be my guest and read this monstrosity .
 Beware , this edition contains all sorts of unmappable punctuation , resulting in irritating replacement characters appearing in place of every apostrophe .
 once again , -LRB- OK it does not happen that often , otherwise we would stop trusting Amazon and shopping with them , would ` nt we ? -RRB- the description is not accurate
 I am a Dickens fan but ' A Christmas Carol ' is n't my cup of tea ... it 's dark and sermonising , not what I really want at Christmas time : -RRB-
 Although the artwork in this book is great , readers should be warned that the text is a heavy-handed abridgement of Charles Dickens 's wonderful little novel . It omits far too much of the rich and colorful language of this stirring novelette .
 I bought this book to replace my old copy that was lost during a recent move . The book is finely illustrated but the narrative is so full of gaping wounds that the entire charm of the story is lost . I should have searched a little harder for a COMPLETE version .
 I think that the book is boring for the most part but it is a really old book so I understand why I hated it .
 I ordered this thinking I could listen to the story on the Kindle iPad . There is audio but there is no progress bar . Thus you must start at the beginning and listen to the full story . There is no way to jump to anywhere in the audio . L-ame . The kids and I got bored with the introduction of the author and I went back to reading it outloud .
 I think it is for children and is very easy to read and very childish to me and I do n't really like it
 it was boring until the end ghosts were boring ending was happy get get get get get get get chair
 Sadly , this is not the version of A Christmas Carol that these reviews praise . There are no illustrations , no note of unabridgement . However , the text is printed on good quality paper . I 've often counted on reviews to help make a purchace decision , but this time I was mislead and disappointed . The story of course is a 5 star classic , and this version a fine read . It 's just not the version the reviews indicate .
 Not the best imprint out there . No illustrations . Does n't have the right `` feel '' -LRB- e.g. , not calling the `` Staves '' `` Staves ' ! -RRB- .
 Just pay a couple of bucks for one that is decently formatted and has what the description states . NO Table of Contents , NO illustrations , NO navigation .
 I guess the best part of getting this was that it was totally free.No wonder why it 's free , though ...
 The formatting is well done and it 's nice to have a TOC that links , but the file seems to be missing its images .
 I bought this but it is some `` prose '' edition and not the original book . There is no `` page 1 '' that I oculd find . Very odd . Admittedly I am new to Kindle but all the other books come up just fine ...
 First , of all , I would like to warn everyone that this book is NOT illustrated by Trina Schart Hyman , which was the only reason I purchased it . When I recevied the book , it was a shabby looking paperback with barely any illustrations . I do n't know whose mistake it was , but I called the seller , and they still have not done anything to change it . So , if you 're looking to order this book because of the illustrator , be warned that it is n't Trina Schart Hyman .
 My bookclub was reading this book so I figured it was a classic and free so I would go ahead & `` purchase '' it on my Kindle . From the very beginning I was having trouble with the writing style . I trudged through thinking `` this is a classic , everyone loves this story , it must get better '' . It never did . I only finished it for the bookclub . Otherwise I would 've given up after the ghost of Christmas past.You would have to appreciate this writing style to enjoy this book .
 This review is of the free version of the story.Overall , a very disappointing read . The story is superb , probably the best Christmas story other than the story of Christmas itself , but the formatting is outright horrible . No effort was put into proper conversion from print to ebook . It was literally scanned with text recognition and exported to HTML . There are characters that display incorrectly because they are just ` typed ' and are not the correct code . The page numbers from the print version are randomly scattered through the text , making it very hard to read . There are no page breaks , no table of contents , and absolutely no formatting whatsoever . Some text is in caps , other text in bold , you know where I 'm going . Download it and see for yourself.You are better off spending $ .99 on a decently formatted version of this story . I have tried a sample of several versions and this one has left me fairly happyA Christmas Carol , as it looks to be very professionally done -LRB- Embedded cover , active table of contents , page-breaks , appropriate ` stave ' headings , etc. . I imagine it will be the same way throughout the book -RRB- . Will buy it soon .
 Charles Dickens was noted for his beautiful descriptions of life in England and in his Christmas Carol he really hit his stride . He made you see , smell , touch and hear 1843 London . Sadly this edition has slashed -LRB- often badly -RRB- whole sections out of the story . It might be suitable for younger readers as an introduction to Dickens , but adults or those who love the story will be disappointed with the cuts . The illustrations are nice but they do not make up for the missing parts .
 The quality of the color printing of the illustrations is poor . Just how the text is Dickens 's original version is not explained , nor are the additions to the regular published versions highlighted . This text reads in a tangential , confusing , awkward way that clouds the impact and beauty of the story that I loved reading in my youth .
 I recently purchased this for a gift , but when the book arrived the whole cover had been double printed . We are sending it back and hopefully can get a properly printed book or our money refunded .
 I read `` The Christmas Carol '' in its original , unabridged text every Christmas season . Outstanding writing and word usage , to say the least . Moving descriptions within a theme that is , well , `` the theme of our time '' . I unwrapped this CD eagerly and started the CD player . NOT unabridged , I quickly discovered ... and much to my disappointment . I 'll save it for my grandson as an early experience of this Dicken 's work . The experience left me asking
 Robert Chambers ' second book , The King in Yellow -LRB- 1895 -RRB- is one of the greatest pieces of weird and horror fiction ever printed . His other books - over sixty of them - are now largely condemned as rubbish.A best-selling author at the time , Chambers churned out historical romances -LRB- also occult romances , occasionally spy romances and occasionally colonial romances -RRB- to an eager audience . As a result , Chambers has largely been consigned to the derision of history - damned by his peers as an author that could have done better -LRB- as evidenced - once -RRB- , but simply chose not to.The Slayer of Souls -LRB- 1920 -RRB- only adds to the disappointment that Chambers has fostered in his critics . One of his ` romances ' , except with an occult twist , The Slayer of Souls has all the right pieces to make things interesting - an escaped temple priestess , a complicated esoteric mythos that harkens back to evil , extra-terrestrial elder gods and a sinister , world-spanning psychic cospiracy.Alas , evil , extra-terrestrial elder gods do not a proper Lovecraftian short story make . -LRB- Please take note of that , all contributors to Chaosium-published short story collections -RRB- . The Slayer of Souls is simply wacky hijinks , with fluttering lashes , manly ` secret agents ' and conniving non-Aryan villains with ludicrous accents . Chambers does manage to fulfill one of Lovecraft 's literary fantasies , in that he blatantly ties in capital-E-evil with all of the racist , anti-liberal issues of the day.Fortunately , the last line of defense is a group of volunteer ` Secret Servicemen ' and a single woman , Tressa Norne , escaped sorceress from the Yezidee temple . The Secret Service are a willing - and surprisingly inept - lot of gentlemen scholars . Largely their contribution to the battle against Evil is to serve as social chaperones to Ms. Norne , who single-handedly takes out the greater part of the Yezidee brotherhood . Tressa 's powers consist of astral projection , snake-summoning and an uncanny ability to make romantic matches between her temple sisterhood and the brawny young men of the Secret Service . By the end of the book , the Yezidee threat seems little more than a Fraternity theme party - an excuse for the Secret Service to be introduced to lithe young temple priestesses.Chambers made his literary mark with The King in Yellow . Any commercial success he gained afterwards -LRB- with , say , every other book he wrote -RRB- was undoubtedly well-deserved , and it is hard to begrudge him any success . That said , The Slayer of Souls is pure , ludicrous drivel . Come for the Cthulhu , stay for the anti-Communist rants .
 Twenty five years separates this tale from Chamber 's classic The King in Yellow . Unfortunately the Slayer of Souls supports the position that it was all downhill for Chambers , and I agree with the other reviewer that this was possibly rushed out for publication in a magazine and never intended as a novel.Written nearly a hundred years ago , Slayer of Souls would be unreadable to many as it creaks along like the worst pulp romance of the period . It 's marred by sexism and racism plus a copious amount of Chambers personal politics with the yellow menace and Bolsheviks lurking under every bed . The pseudo-foreign rituals and exotic names that seemed so masterful in King in Yellow fall flat , and the saccharine relationship between Secret Service agent Cleves and helpless Tressa is equally unsatisfying.My recommendation - go back and read the King in Yellow again , and consign the Slayer of Souls to the dustbin of history . Even the most resolute fan of Chambers and early American gothic horror will find this novel hard to enjoy .
 Let me start off by saying a friend lent this book to me knowing how much I treasure helpful , positive books about cancer . I 'm not entirely sure if this is a true story or not , but the overly-dramatic writing made me feel like it was an attempt to minimize the struggle of those who truly have cancer . The events did n't seem to tie into the emotions in the story , unless of course the events , or the emotions , were over-exaggerated in a way that reminded me of an old college roommate I suffered through that had been diagnosed with histrionic disorder -LRB- where there drama surrounded even the smallest of things -RRB- . As far as a book to help those struggling through cancer , I would recommend highly No Place Like Home by Girard , which is very beautifully written and will give the reader more of a feeling of relating to the author .
 IT 'S NOT OFTEN THAT I DIAMETRICALLY OPPOSE ANOTHER PERSON 'S OPINION BUT I THOUGHT THIS BOOK WAS TERRIBLE . I READ ABOUT 100 PAGES AND TOSSED IT . THE WRITING IS VERY STILTED AND ITS JUST NOT A COMFORTABLE READ . HEROINE AGGIE IS SO FULL OF START THAT SHE 'S JUST NO LIKEABLE , EVEN IN THE LOVE SCENES ...
 Who would take the liberty to ` rewrite ' someone 's words in the name of updating them ? Murray is eloquent , and hardly difficult enough to need modernizing . Every page I compare of this update with Murray 's original leaves me sorely disappointed . The update removes subtleties , turns Murray 's eloquence into dumbed down language , and sometimes just plain changes the meaning . No one updates Shakespeare . This update only gives a rough idea of Murray 's intent , and often changes the meaning to a Gnostic drive for power . To hear what Murray really intended , by all means find an old used copy . With this rewrite you can still hear many wonderful things Murray has to say , but it really is second best ... or worse .
 I admit I did not buy this version of the Kindle ebook . When I clicked on the book cover to `` look inside '' I was horrified at how sloppy this kindle product is . Look for yourself . It appears someone took the PDF scans of the print book , processed it through OCR software and used the result without any proofreading , correction , formatting , etc. . You would do better getting the other kindle edition of this book found elsewhere here on Amazon or get the free Kindle version from archive.org -LSB- ... -RSB-
 A cleaverly package book . Nice pictures of old Valentines , however using one with a questionable picture spoils the entire book .
 The manner this book is written is not very professional . It neither explains why the formulas shown are correct , what each formula means , and how to use them in control implementation . This book may be useful only for those who studied this subject with other books and only need a formula sheet . Another problem of this book is typos . The author is recommended to have more teaching experiences and learn how to explain the subject . The publisher is recommended to inspect typos before the next edition will be in print .
 The author needs more education in control theory and mathematics
 The best recommendation to the writers of textbooks is `` Step into reader 's shoes . '' Writer is an expert of the subject . He knows the subject very well . Readers are not . Readers need enough guide to follow what is written in the book . This book often jumps into a conclusion without enough intermediate steps . Equations come out of blue . I was perplexed by that the writing is sparse and crude . Thus I stopped reading this book and returned .
 At first I was captivated by the story and the author 's flamboyant sense of humor . However , further reading revealed that the author is very biased in his views , I could sense contempt and disgust mixed with jealosy to New Russians . Everything is painted black or gray at best . Russians are either mafia goons or dirt poor . Women are either prostitutes or ugly babushkas . Looks like the author was only exposed to the dark side of the moon without even looking at the other side . The author seems to be morbidly attracted to filthy clubs , mafia gatherings , and etc. . THe analysis of the economy and politics in Russia leaves much to be desired . Very shallow . There are many inconsistencies and mistakes in the story that make me believe that the autors has never actually visited places he described in his book.For example , I personally come from Vladivostok , which is 7 time zones from Moscow , not 5 as the author put it . The author said they had driven for three hours to a submarine plant on Amur river , which is over 1100 kilometers to the north . It takes at least 20 hours to get there by Russian roads . The name of the hotel he stayed in is incorrect . His description of the casino and club he went to does n't ring a bell - I 've been to every single club in Vladivostok . The description of bouncers wielding K47 guns is just ridiculous - an absolute lie . There are many other details that make me believe that the author just recorded somebody else 's stories and made up the rest without ever visiting places.Bottom line
 The book is entertaining , though glib and superficial . I 've lived in Moscow for three years and Brzezinski 's book sounds like so much standard ex-pat piffle
 Ever desired to hear an unrepentant rapist recount his crime ? Here 's the book for you ! Gloat over the victim 's unwillingness to give in , mock the victim 's pretense to dignity as she 's destroyed , and have a good chuckle in the meantime . Brzezinski takes his hedonistic nihilism for a luxury tour paid for by the Wall Street Journal to explain how American spoiled brat IFC punks driving Land Rovers raid Russia with phrases like `` No one said life was fair '' and `` The average expat had trouble surviving on less than $ 100,000 a year in Moscow . '' The Prologue 's description of the author 's savage beating -- put foremost as if to claim both that this pampered candyass earned his stripes and that an economically depressed country is deserving of whatever it gets -- is unfortunate only in that the Ukrainian thug didnt finish the job and spare us Brzezinki 's ignorant , shameless prose . Read any Russian of any background the sentence ending '' ... Anatoly Chubais , the man who created Russian capitalism and was charged with saving it '' and enjoy the genuine , honest howl of laughter you 'll hear in response . Or , if you prefer the craven smugness of the privileged sons of diplomats and have no interest in learning about Russia , buy this book !
 I think Mr. Zbignev Brzezinski - a former US National Security adviser under President Carter - would enjoy the book . This is because ` Casino Moscow ' was written by his young nephew - Matthew Brzezinski . Plus it portraits Russians in the most unpleasant light - some people like that ! Certainly , to his credit , Mr. Matthew Brzezinski has reached new heights in his creative Russia - bashing . The author has actually moved a full circle from his uncle 's traditional Truman-like anti-communism to the age-old loathing of everything Russian by the Polish ultra-nationalist aristocracy from Marshal Pilsudski camp.I am not sure if this loathing is unjustified , but the question I am asking is simple
 Brezezinski offers nothing more than personal asinine butchered urban tales that appeal to people like himself -- droll dunderheads lacking in both originality & sincerity . `` Moskviche '' would love to thank this `` author . ''
 I 've never felt compelled to throw a book away . Until this one.A reporter for a widely respected newspaper , dropped into '90s Moscow 's whirling clash of cultures , should be able to come away with quite a collection of stories . And , to be fair , Brzezinski has some humorous stuff , and some interesting tales , but they 're buried among too much personal detritus . There is far too much about the author , his family ties -LRB- enough already about `` Uncle Zbig ! '' -RRB- and his resentment of all things Russian . I 've never read a book with such a smug -LRB- yet whiny -RRB- protagonist.He did n't much like Russians -LRB- and had a big chip on his shoulder throughout the book -RRB- , and he had little use for the expat community . With all his complaining , I wondered throughout this book why Brzezinski agreed to go to Russia , then why he stayed there , then why he bothered to write about it.There 's a good book somewhere in the Russia of the 1990s . This is n't it .
 Brzezinski displays the acumen of a tourist . The abundance of factual mistakes in Casino Moscow damage the author 's credibility when he makes a rare reference to Russian businesses , which were the supposed topic of the book . As a collection of anecdotal stories , this book was more entertaining than what you 'd hear from an average guy in a bar . But as a source of information about Russia in the 1990 's , it is not WSJ quality .
 `` Matthew 's Misadventures in the New Eastern Europe '' is a more fitting title for this book . It is a rambling tale of a young reporter 's experiences in Poland , Ukraine , Russia and Belorussia . It is by no means a comprehensive account of the region 's transition from communism to -- for the most part -- crony capitalism and anarchy.Casino Moscow does have some interesting anecdotes and men 's locker room stories from this enthralling period of unprecedented change and transfer of wealth . However , the author often starts to ramble and goes off on tangents , thus the time period discussed is not always obvious . Another serious critique is that the book is quite superficial . Mr. Brzezinski does not delve too deeply into any topic and often fails to state his own conclusions as a good investigative reporter should . In addition he is not more perceptive than an average cognizant tourist . After living in Moscow for some time , he walked into nightspot , which , to his surprise , turned out to be a brothel . Mr. Brzezinski is a typical expatriate who fails to truly understand the local culture and people . He is constantly complaining either about the lack of western luxuries or the exuberant displays of wealth in the new Russia . At times I even sensed a tinge of resentment at missing out on this unprecedented `` gold rush '' where vast fortunes were made and lost overnight.While trying to mix in morsels of humor , the author threw serious doubts on the credibility of the Wall Street Journal . Mr. Brzezinski , who was sent to Kiev to serve as the Journal 's financial reporter , wrote that he tried to learn about financial markets from watching the movie , Wall Street , and reading Liar 's Poker . The Wall Street Journal is a highly reliable and reputable source and this raises the question of whether Mr. Brzezinski was hired as a result of his descent in lieu of financial acumen.The bottom line is
 WARNING
 Trashing long-time characters wearies me . I wo n't divulge any key plot elements , but the solution to the mystery is such a stretch , it reminds me of when writers were commanded to have Alfred rise from the dead and be revealed as `` The Outsider '' , way back in the early days of the `` new-look '' Batman . E.g. , at one point , Hal Jordan , another DC character they keep re-trashing , who knows who the killer is since he 's now the Spectre -LRB- whew ! -RRB- , tells Green Arrow to really punish said killer when they uncover him/her . Well , when you find out who the killer is , you 'll realize that Hal would never have said that . Any rate , the motive for the murder is so convoluted , all I can say is , DC should let the pros -LRB- Frank Miller , Alan Moore , Keith Giffin -RRB- write these epics . And enough with killing and defiling the memories of long-time characters !
 A darker view of comics and not for children or teens.Many plots circle around murder , psychosis , brain-wipes , and the absolute authority to make decisions . DC has moved from the safe superhero -LRB- who are morally justified -RRB- into an area where there is little to distinguish their actions from the bag guys . No longer is it good guys against bad guys . This is a real good example of how once cherished absolute ideas of our youth have been subverted into shades of grey to shock the new generation . I see these issues reflected in society , politics and the nightly news . I do n't need to see them in my lighthearted ` pleasure ' readings . Wasted my money on this item . Calvin and Hobbes would have been a better buy .
 I grew up reading comics and my interests have waxed and waned until I only bought DC Comics . Well I 'm not buying them anymore because of Identity Crisis - a story that stinks . This story stinks because Barry Allen , the second Flash , was the deciding vote to mindwipe Dr. Light and then other villains . This is not what Barry would have done in the old days because when the Reverse Flash murdered his wife Iris -LRB- although her parents transplanted her mind into another body -RRB- , he did not kill him then . He killed him later , but he agonized about it what he did and he was found not guilty . Under any circumstance , Barry would not have voted to mindwipe any villain and the fact that later he mindwiped the Top into a do-gooder who mindwiped other villains , including the Trickster not only makes Barry and the other Justice Leaguers who mindwiped villains no better than the villains themselves and also undercuts the Trickster 's earnest efforts to reform not only so that he does n't meet the demon Neron in Hell , but also undercuts his relation with his son.Another piece of bad writing was having not only Jean Loring be Sue 's killer , but also have her be insane . Sorry , but the insane Jean Loring plot has already been done twice - once in the sixties and once in the seventies - so why do it again.Further , I do n't think the JSA will want to team up with the JLA anymore when they find out what happened and I 've alwayslooked forward to JLA-JSA teamups , nor were any of the deaths in IC necessary . Overall , this is a story that DC should have looked at in great detail and rejected as utterly stupid , but then , DC has done this in the past after Crisis On Infinite Earths with continuity-screwing stories like Hawkworld which led to Zero Hour and now they 've done it again.I have been castigated for my views on this before and I do n't care because DC has put out a stinker of a story that has turned me off completely and I refuse to buy any more of their comics .
 This pretentious and sorry excuse of a graphic novel should be relegated to the rubbish heap where it belongs . It heralds DC Comic 's year-long spiral into a miasma of grim-and-grittiness not seen in the comics industry since the 1980s , and does so in such an clumsy manner it deserves all the contempt it received from many comic fans . Brad Meltzer may fancy himself a hotshot bestselling author , but Identity Crisis shows him up for what he truly is - a hack writer unafraid to use gratuitous and misogynistic violence and death in the place of intelligent story-telling . Since Identity Crisis is so bad , I will have no qualms about revealing major plot points in this review . Readers , beware . Avoid reading further if you do not want any spoilers . Identity Crisis begins with a murder - Sue Dibny , beloved wife of Ralph Dibny , the Elongated Man , is brutally murdered in their home . The murderer seemingly got into the house despite an impenetrable web of high-tech security devices of both Earthly and alien origins . Furniture had been trashed and the body of Sue badly burnt . The Justice League immediately assembles a forensics team of their top scientists to study the crime scene for clues . A small cadre of Justice League members -LRB- Flash , Green Lantern , Hawkman , Green Arrow , the Atom , Black Canary and Zatanna -RRB- suspects that the villainous Dr Light might be the perpetrator - Dr Light 's powers include the ability to teleport and to generate intense light and heat , and he apparently teleported into the Justice League satellite and brutally raped Sue under similar circumstances years ago . Zatanna wiped the memory of the rape from Sue 's mind to spare her the trauma , and then proceeded to lobotomize Dr Light , turning his evil villainy into harmless incompetence . Apparently the gang had been mind-wiping villains and keeping it secret from other Justice League members like Superman and the Batman who would have disapproved of such extreme measures . Caught by the Batman in the act of lobotomizing Dr Light , the group panicked and mind-wiped the Batman as well . Have secrets of years gone by finally come back to haunt the Justice League ? While the above synopsis may sound like the beginnings of a tantalising mystery , do n't let that fool you . Identity Crisis is so full of continuity errors , inconsistencies , plot-holes , red herrings and bad characterisation that had it been a novel , it would have been roundly trashed by any self-respecting book critic . Fortunately , it is merely a graphic novel , and everyone knows comic book readers ca n't be very intelligent or discerning , right ? For example , Meltzer would have us believe that the top scientists in the Justice League would be stupid enough not to detect the chemical residue of a flame-thrower , the weapon that was actually used to burn Sue 's body after her death . Instead , they flail around ineffectively looking for potential suspects with fire or heat powers . Just what sort of idiots are they ? The Batman is supposed to be the world 's greatest detective , for God 's sake . Another example - faced with a cold-blooded murderer who can seemingly teleport into an ultra-secure facility , what does the Atom do ? Give his wife a crossbow for her own protection . Hello ? Never heard of a gun ? And does everybody in the DC Universe and their grandmothers know the true identity of Robin ? The same Robin who did not reveal his true identity to his own father and his closest friends for years ? And need I even mention the tiny footprints of death ? You have to read it to believe it - how the Justice League finally finds out who was responsible for Sue 's murder is so inane I felt unclean after reading the last issue of the mini-series . My advice - if you must read it , borrow it from a friend or from the library , or read it in a comic shop . Do n't waste your money on this collection . One star , and that 's only because I ca n't go any lower than that on Amazon .
 So Batman erased the memories of a few people , big deal ! The JLA makes it into a huge issue paramount to a far greater wrong , if indeed it was wrong to begin with . I 'm collecting a few -LRB- okay , more than a few -RRB- comics for my son , and I find a rape of all things in these pages . The purpetrator of said rape is one Dr. Light , who is able to generate high temperatures through his skin . The panel in question shows only his hands burning those of the victim ; aparently not someone that you want to be raped by.Why is there a rape in a comic book ? Why does D.C. need to have so many different realities instead of just allowing for different storylines -LRB- It really is n't a real universe , just make-believe -RRB- ? Truely cutting edge . Bold . Daring .
 Identity Crisis was horrible . And I do n't mean the quality , I mean it was appalling . The critics who liked this story would have you believe that this story makes superheroes more human , which is what they said about Watchmen . I 've read Watchmen , and Identity Crisis is n't even close . It does n't deconstruck superheroes , it destroys them utterly . It is violent and negative , and there is n't one redeeming quality given to any character , so there is n't one redeeming quality to the entire book.If , like me , you read any DC books in 2005 , then even if you did n't read Identity Crisis , you probably have some idea of what happened . So this will contain spoilers for anyone who has n't heard of this before.It begins with the death of Sue Dibny , the wife of Ralph Dibny , the Elongated Man . Neither character has been making appearances of late , but the Elongated Man was a member of at least two versions of the Justice League , and Sue was always right there with him . The Dibny 's were a rarity when I started reading comics . A superhero was married , and his identity was public . Sue was the heart of the team , keeping them down-to-earth . Sue Dibny was what made the team more human.Writers often kill off the main characters ' love interest because they think it makes the character more vulnerable , or just as a way of shaking things up
 Who benefits from reading this ? Bard Meltzer ? Rags Morales ? DC ? The reader ? Certainly not me . The premise may be believable -LRB- and done before ... it 's like a watered-down , stumbling version of `` Watchmen , '' and if the latter was full of unlikable characters -RRB-
 This book came highly recommended and ... I do n't understand why . Maybe because people like really lame crap ? Well , this was that . Really lame story . Really dumb ending.The story is a ripoff of the Watchmen . It 's Watchmen-Lite featuring Superman . If anyone were to say it was n't , well they 're deluding themselves . The Dr. Light rape scene was just really juvenile and stupid . I get it . Watchmen had a rape . Therefore if you 're ripping off Watchmen you need some guy in a stupid white hat to rape somebody . Make 's so much sense!Meltzer is good at writing narration . He makes the characters almost believable . If only this story was n't so awful.And the huge anime eyes were just too much.Overrated crap . Hype to sell comics . Garbage . There , I said it . It 's not one-star bad , but it 's definitely two-star bad.And puh-lease , spare me Joss Whedon telling me how great this is . One complete hack congratulating another complete hack . BOOOOOO .
 In age of great storytelling in the graphic medium we get Identity Crisis which must be good because it has a writer from outside comics who has done some big work elsewhere . Unfortunately , writer-hype and tail-wagging-the-dog foreshadowing of a another yawn-inducing universe shake-up do not a gripping story make.The `` shocking revelation '' of the story , might be shocking if similar subjects had n't been broached before -LRB- see original Squadron Supreme -RRB- or if it was n't predicated on characters being complete idiots and/or acting in ways radically different from how they had been presented before . The revelation of the murder might have some emotional impact if it did n't come from left field -LRB- a good mystery is suppose to have clues a reader can figure out -RRB- and if it did n't fall into old -LRB- negative -RRB- portrayals of women so common in comics.Identity Crisis is not badly written when taken as individual issues , its only that there are no rewards waiting -- other than the sad lesson that all too often hype is only hype .
 I found this story predictable and very slow paced . The twist is obvious enough that waiting for the characters to catch on is just a little torturous . I only finished it because I hoped I was wrong .
 Seriously , I can not fathom that people gush over this book.Essentially , what IDENTITY CRISIS was supposed to be was a ` whodunnit ' for the DC Universe stable of characters . However , in a world of telepaths , sorcerers and men who shoot laser beams out of their eyes it falls embarrassingly flat on its face . Meltzer composes a story full of plot holes , bad characterization , and enough tired cliches to make any true fan of the genre wince.Quite possibly the only good comment I could make is that the artist is quite talented ... other than that , not a lot to recommend .
 This book has fantastic character moments in it , but that is n't enough to redeem this book for being , dark , cruel , and non-sensible . I 'm just going to past all the very obvious continuity flaws , this book has a great premise but it comes off as incredibly tasteless.It effectively ruins the JLA by turning them into a bunch of paranoid and moral-less group of vigilantes who are n't a close group of friends , in fact they mind wipe each other , and suspect each other of it.Also this book ruins the character of Doctor Light , and Jean Loring . It pointlessly kills Firestorm , Jack Drake , Captain Boomerang.To anybody who likes this book , answer me this
 I 'm not surprised by all the glowing reviews but it is disappointing.This is another mediocre story riding on the waves of being dark and edgy rather than having compelling storytelling . The story 's meat and bones is a murder mystery but delves into some pretty dark stuff . Super hero rape , murder and cover ups . The worst part is not that its a story whose only pull is its dark and shocking material but rather its weak plot.Its a murder mystery with the murderer , when revealed , is so contrived its pretty obvious Brian was just going for shock since it makes no sense in context of all we know of these characters and the DCU . The whole book just seems like an attempt to just write something shocking.It 's almost like finding out Jimmy Olsen or Alfred was the murderer . Its shocking and dark but makes not sense and is a gimmick . If you are a fan of comics being made darker for the sake of darkness , or to capitalize on the the trend , then this is for you.If you like your stories to be about plot and writing over shock and gimmick then move along .
 SPOILERS &#34; Identity Crisis &#34; is probably one of the most baffling event books I 've ever read . By turns it 's unintentionally funny , confusing , and ultimately pointless . At its core , it is a deeply cynical story and seems to be DC 's attempt at Watchmen-ifying the DCU - and utterly failing.It opens with two unfamiliar characters speaking atop a rooftop
 Thinking this book would provide some unique , `` exoticos '' , ideas for baby names I ordered it even though IT IS ENTIRELY IN SPANISH.Basically it 's a guide for Hispanics not to give their kids reoccuring names and therefore suggests a few names from different cultures including American -LRB- e.g. Kenneth -RRB- . Also , if 110 pages were n't short enough the print and spacing are so large that the book is mostly blank when compared to other naming books that cram the info in.As an alternative I would suggest checking out `` Como te Ilamas Baby ? '' which consists of seperate English & Spanish sides to accomodate sharing between friends or generations .
 I am angry -- I really wanted to buy and read this book , but a price of $ 50 for 160 pages is beneath contempt . The author is being abused by the publisher and I urge the author to consider a new publisher for the paperback , or demanding that the paperback be published immediately . Barnes and Noble has been shut down by Amazon -- all other publishers appear in intent on staving off their ultimate demise in the face of on demand publishing by gouging the public.This book in hardcopy should not be sold for more than $ 25 , and in paperback for $ 16 . Please join me in boycotting this publisher , as someone who cares deeply about the dissemination of important knowledge -- which the author clearly offers -- I find this pricing an utter outrage.Robert Steele # 1 Amazon reviewer for non-fiction . Here are some reasonably priced books that I offer as a substitute -- by `` top ten '' if you will.Modern StrategyThe Search for Security
 I have quite a few books on machining and this book is very disappointing . The pages are very glossy but the text is very brief and the B/W fotos are unclear and blurred . The book only gets down to the business of turning in chapter 10 and just skims through the subject . This book is suitable for an absolute beginner who does not need too much information on the subject . If you are seriously interested in turning on a lathe I would recommend MACHINE SHOP PRACTICE , VOL .1 by Karl H Moltrecht .
 This book does not live up to the hype.It 's got poor black and white photographs that I do n't understand and are often not adequately explained.On numerous occasions he jumps past things that are NOT obvious to a beginner . His descriptions of the various items range from excellent to terrible.I 've seen this advertised as ` The essential lathe book with a complete description of parts and functions . ' THAT IS NOT TRUE.I am an amateur . It does n't meet my needs . Consign it to the dustbin of history and pray someone writes a better book than this .
 This book has lots of old , and I mean really old , information . Most of the lathe photos shown are of machinery not produced of over 50 years . It does have some good information , but I `` m not sure it 's worth the price .
 Not a bad book , but I was disappointed . Instead of interesting ideas and unusual approaches , Best makes a whole sequence of fairly obvious points that most people would come up with on their own . Better books on the same general topic are by A.K. Dewdney , John Alan Paulos , and Cynthia Crossen .
 ... does n't deliver on the substance . This book was very disappointing in its very superficial treatment of the topic .
 This is a topic that has a lot of promise and one can do so much with it . However , if you 're looking for anything more than just the basics -LRB- with a few good examples from social statistics -RRB- , do n't bother with this book . This book starts out by identifying the reasons why statistics get distorted , but then after every 20 pages or so this book reads like the script of groundhog day - the same three points -LRB- innumeracy , people with a vested interest and apples and oranges comparisons -RRB- are referenced again and again . The topic is fascinating but there is very little substance to keep you occupied for more than 30 minutes .
 He has some interesting points to make , but the book is very thin , and Mr. Best is a dull writer . For much better books on the same or similar topics , read recent books by Michael Shermer , Barry Glassner , or Wendy Kaminer .
 I teach statistics and research methods to both undergraduates and graduate students , and am always on the lookout for news articles , advertisements , and the like that illustrate any poor and improper uses of statistics in the `` real world '' in order to get students to recognize them more easily when confronted by them . So it was with great expectation that I came to this book . And I would have to say that I was not disappointed in the statistical points raised . They are all right on the mark . However , as I read through example after example of the misuse of statistics and statistical thinking , I began to notice that the bulk of them were made by liberals . The `` subtext '' message that was coming across , intended or not , is that only liberals use shoddy statistics to further their political agendas . I bought the book originally with the hope that I could use it as a supplementary text for my students , but because of this perceived bias I wo n't .
 This book basically tells you that statistics are products of human activities , and can be and are often influenced and -LRB- mis -RRB- interpreted by people creating them and hearing them . If you already knew this , then this book is not for you . If not , this might be a good place to start finding out about the misuses of statistics . Since there are few examples of the proper use of statistics , this would not be a good place to find those . I found that the main point -LRB- mentioned above -RRB- stretched out over 170 some odd pages made for a repetitive read .
 I like to read nonfiction , but this book is absolutely brutal . -LRB- Would n't have even given it a star but Amazon thinks you have n't rated it if you do n't click at least one . -RRB- It could have easily been condensed into a single chapter and given the reader the same insight . Many of the same points are reiterated over and over - many times I had the feeling that I had read sentences before . Although it gives several examples of questionable statistics and describes their consequences , the author does n't do well describing the historical derivation -LRB- or motive -RRB- in how they were generated .
 Nothing new here about an extremely gifted talent.This book is a good start if you know nothing of him and you are about twelve years old . For the grown ups I recommend Jimmy page 's bio `` Light and shade '' , which offers much more insight into Bonhams abilities and how he was recorded.Light and Shade
 I never received this book . I ordered it through Sliquidation because it was out at Amazon . I wrote 2 e-mails to them and Sliquidation never responded . After 30 days Amazon finally refunded me . I really only wanted the book not the refund ...
 I had high hopes for this book . I have been a John Bonham fan since I was a kid . He was the reason I wanted to learn to play the drums . This book falls short by skating over many of the Led Zeppelin years . I have read both ` Hammer of the Gods ' and ` Stairway to Heaven ' and I had high hopes that this book would be as good as those , but just focused more on Bonzo than the whole band . Unfortunately , this book just does n't cut it as a biography . It 's got some neat photos and the analysis of Bonham 's playing and his drum setups are great , but the rest of the book is more like a high school term paper . The authors should read ` Stevie Ray Vaughan
 remember the sylvia plath style poems that kids wrote in high school ? here 's a book of 'em . only it 's prose , and i suspect the guy is n't in high school . it reads like he 's 18 . if he IS , maybe he 'll get around to putting out something good when he 's older , who knows . crazier things have happened . not often though .
 I happened across this book by accident , and purchased it because of all the great reviews . After reading it , I went back to this page and came to the conclusion that all the five-star reviews were probably written by friends of the author.It is a wonderful accomplishment for anyone to have a book published , especially small , unknown authors who have to self-publish . I am happy to spend money to support that , however , please do n't be mislead by the raving reviews.This is a book of angst , not of truth . Disjointed paragraphs ramble on almost incoherently for pages . Maybe the second half gets better , but I really had no desire to read any further . It seemed like the author was trying to be shocking , artsy and intellectual , but through trying so hard he came off sounding young , angsty , and egotistical . Who knows though ... could be a cult hit in the halls of high schools.There may be potential for growth here , if the author would allow the reader to think for ones self and draw ones own conclusions by presenting more subtle hints and suggestions.In short - buy this if you want to suppor the arts . Pass if you 're looking for something that will offer intellectual or spiritual growth for the reader .
 I do n't know what book the reviewers of this book read , but it certainly was n't `` Back from Nothing . '' After struggling through the first 3 stories I put it away . All of the characters read the same , it 'd be a great attempt for a 14 year old , but for a serious writer this book just does n't cut it.I suspect , like another person said , the people who gave this book good reviews were friends of the author , as I ca n't imagine anyone with any taste whatsoever liking this piece of garbage .
 I did n't find the book justified its cover price as I did n't feel the author wrote this to help franchisees although he had some sage advice . Instead , the author has worked for Franchisors and he has that mindset . The reader should know that up front and take what he has to say with a grain of salt.Teixeira dangerously explains how to negotiate less significant areas of the franchise agreement such as renewal terms while justifying the franchisor 's position not to negotiate other CRITICAL aspects such as termination clauses . This can trap unsuspecting franchisees in a system of indentured servitude for the term of the contract even though the franchisor breaches the contract ! Amazingly , to top this off , the author admits never taking a franchisee 's house through litigation while implying he was justified to take everything else of value.He also fleetingly mentions that franchisees should expect to accrue equity in their franchise operation from the many years of building the business but it is well known that franchisors often wo n't allow that to happen . In fact , the author devotes some pages explaining how the franchisor may buy the business for below market value and is justified in doing so.In addition , he does n't differentiate business format franchises from product franchises -LRB- e.g. distribution franchises for Chevrolet , Coca-Cola , Budweiser , etc -RRB- . He discusses how franchisees should expect the franchisor provide what they are obligated to provide in return for 5-7 % royalty payments . This makes it sound like the franchisee receives a recurring tangible product or service from the franchisor when they do not . In fact , the majority of franchisors merely provide trademark licensing and a process of closing a sale . As can be expected , many franchisees of these business format franchise systems become disillusioned very quickly.In order to fairly balance the decision making process , any prospective franchisee owes it to themselves to buy the Purvin book called Franchise Fraud . You wo n't get that balance from the Teixeira book alone .
 The previous reviewer claims `` Jesus never hated anyone . '' He did seem , however , somewhat angry at the money-changers in the temple - not becaue they were carrying on a business as such but because they were cashing in on the gullible under the guise of religion . When I went to a lecture by the Reverend Mr Fox on `` creation spirituality '' at the local University , it was interested to see tables set out outside the lecture theatre selling his books with a merry jingling of cash-registers . No prizes for guessing what it reminded me of . Who : whom ? Lenin was wont to ask . In this case ; who got the money ? And how does this alleged apostle of anti-capitalism get the wherewithal to travel the world promoting his ill-written and error-filled books ? Hardly `` religious right '' questions but worth thinking about . As for the actual intellectual content of the work , it is beneath criticism but not beneath a proper contempt .
 the print size is too small . I wo n't be reading it -LRB- not unless I want to bring on sore eyes , the need for glasses , and a headache -RRB- . If I 'd known the print was this small I would n't have bought it . Sadly to return it will cost , and so is not an option .
 As one who is attempting to read almost all there is to read regarding Samuel Beckett , I have to rate Bair 's attempt as weak at best . I ca n't even begin to explain how far off she is attempting to characterize Sam , as he was a true sympathetic , modest , and generous person . Her allegations of his romantic encounters with actress Billie Whitelaw are completely unfounded , as Billie has explained countless times in interviews and her `` chatterbox '' sessions.It is also important to understand that Deirdre Bair was a PhD STUDENT when she was working on this book , and that Sam said he would neither `` help nor hinder her , '' meaning it was not authorized . If you looking for a solid academic study of the life of Samuel Beckett , I suggest you turn to `` Damned to Fame , '' a work by renown scholar and PERSONAL FRIEND of Sam , and the ONLY authorized biography of Beckett . This book provides a truthful and honest look at the wonderful person Sam was , and does n't turn to unfounded selacious details for dramatic effect .
 Sammm , or whatever . i need to set you straight about a few things . get in contact with me quick . you miss the point more times than one would think possible .
 If you already have a book on volume , you can skip this one.I bought this because I saw the good reviews on it.Maybe because the book was written in 1931 . A lot of information in this book is already available on the internet or other books on volume.Basic stuff .
 I read the reviews before purchasing and they were outstanding and was shocked when the book arrived because the publishing date was well disguised as this book was written in the 1930 's . The forward was updated twice - the last was in the early 1970 's . If one would like a nostalgia look at tape reading this book is for you .
 I have read the previous comments on the 5th edition . It gets worse , I went to the library found edition of this book from early 1980 's . It has the same notes , comments , and phrases about each school as the current edition ! I think alot has changed in 20 years , but the authors are apparently too lazy to research .
 The information is obviously outdated and in some cases it seems to be incorrect . For instance , in the chapter on the University of Chicago , the book says this school relies on interviews with applicants . To my knowledge , this is not true . Northwestern -LRB- also located near Chicago -RRB- relies on applicant interviews -- not the University of Chicago . I found the chapter on the University of Minnesota amazingly inaccurate .
 I did n't believe the earlier writer who suggested it was n't worth purchasing this book if you had already read the 5th edition ; I wish I had . This edition is exactly the same as the earlier version - same phrases , same schools -LRB- do you know , it only has 112 of 179 ABA approved law schools featured ? -RRB- . If you 're thinking about buying this book , I would recommend that you go to the library instead and read whichever version they happen to have on hand , even if it dates back to the early 90s . On the other hand , if you do n't know anything about the reputation of particular schools , this book can be helpful in giving you a snapshot view . If you do know something about the reputation of certain schools , you may find , as I did , that this book is more of a confirmation of everything else I had heard/read about those schools -- it did n't seem to offer any fresh insights .
 A friend loaned me the 5th edition of this book , which was published in 1991 . It was a good book , but I wanted to read the `` updated '' edition so I would be familiar with how the law schools had changed in the six years in between . While reading the latest edition , I noticed that the only info that had been updated was the stats -- most of the reviews and anecdotes about each school were the same -- and I mean word for word ! I guess things just do n't change much in law school . I suggest spending your money on the LSAC guide to law schools , instead . Or send away for law school catalogs from each school -- they 're free and at least they are really updated each year !
 There is one great thing about this book . It has the addresses and phone numbers of many -LRB- though not all -RRB- of the ABA approved law schools in the USA . If you want any other meaningful information , I would recommend another book . After reading comments like `` They have a Black Law Students Association , '' or `` The best students are offered a spot at the prestigious Law Review , '' for pretty much every school in the book , one begins to realize that their profile of each school tends to be generic and impersonal . As previous reviews have noted , some of the material is also outdated.One specific example ... Their profile of Boston College Law , which is one of only two Jesuit law schools in the US , fails to mention this important fact . The BCLS literature dedicates the the first five or so pages of its current bulletin to explaining the importance of the Jesuit tradition to the School ... meanwhile `` Inside the Law Schools '' publicizes the fact that BCLS has a `` mercifully short application form '' as one of the features that makes it unique . Give me a break !!!
 I am sure that what Gordon Bethune has done for Continental is truly worth a great deal of appreciation . However , the account given in this book fails to describe the turnaround process at Continental in an exciting and informational way . It is too repetitive . I think that I understand when a person says that `` the employees hated Continental '' after I read that five times , but to mention that in every second paragraph is unnecessary . What Bethune fails to give us is interesting incidents where he actually used the strategies that he employed . Although the `` Go Forward Plan '' has been broken into four parts , each part somehow connects to something else in the middle of the section and talks about something not concerning that section at all . But above all , if the Continental employees contributed to buy Bethune a Harley Davidson , it shows that he did an incredible job at Continental . So , maybe he should stick to fixing airlines and leave the writing to someone else .
 This book was way to Repetitive , Repetitive , Repetitive . Because of the anoyance of reading the same thing over and over again I had to quit the book at page 150 . We know Continental was bad and the customers hated the airline , but the reader does not need to be reminded of this 3-4 times in each chapter .
 While I enjoyed the book , I can not rate it higher because it is in many ways a work of fiction . As a frequent flier on Continental , I have witnessed a decline rather than improvement in the quality of service afforded passengers . Too frequently , business authors write books glorifying their success and business acumen , while the reported benefits are invisible to their customers . This is such a case.Has the airline improved its bottom line . Yes . But that is because frequent fliers like myself do n't have much of a choice if we live near a hub . This does not infer that we approve of the airline 's service or treatment of its customers . As my neighbor on a recent flight commented , `` if I had any choice , I would fly airline XYZ in a heartbeat . `` If you would like to read a similar book by a CEO who did in fact turn his airline around -LRB- from a financial as well as customer perspective -RRB- , try Moments of Truth by Jan Carlzon of Scandanavian Airlines . In this case , why buy the recipe if you do n't like the food ?
 how many times can you say the same thing ?? just ask Gordon before you waste your money on this .
 Though the book is written in plain english with his blunt demeanor and self grandiose , he does not lay down the foundation of how he accomplished the turnaround . The Go Forward Plan that was the foundation to the turn-around was somewhat uninspiring . Today 's CEOs know that you have to look internally to understand your companies situation . This is nothing new . Anyone can rally the troops .
 the book is written in a style which mixes chronology with agenda points the author wants to make . it is difficult to follow , and a lot of the points are so general that it is difficult to relate them to a specific action the ceo -LRB- or the airline executives -RRB- took.having read this book twice now , i am at a loss to explain what this ceo really did , but maybe this is just me not knowing in general what ceos do .
 I enjoyed the style of writing and the anecdotes . But for someone who was searching for a way on HOW they changed Continental , I was a little disappointed.Some of the explanations are enlightening and many others are standard textbook material . A crucial message is imparted on the reader , however the great disappointment is that this message is repeated over and over and over . You understand the point after 20 pages or so.A book for a junior in the airline business or just someone with a particular passion for the airline world . I do n't recommend it to anyone who hopes to find complex explanations or examples in this book .
 YES , The airline was turned around , , but continental employees are the LOWEST paid in the industry ! He insults FAs by considering them outcasts , , , DO YOU REALIZE they are the ONLY group at CONTINENTAL AIRLINES that does NOT get holiday pay ? They have to be AWAY from family and friends , YET they are paid like it was any other day while other employee groups enjoy HOLIDAY PAY . THERE IS ALOT THIS BOOK COVERS UP AND SUGAR COATS . This book is the equal of a badly written AESOP FABLE . LET the readers talk to the FAs , ground staff , etc. . Let the public see your salary and the under industry standard rates you pay the employees .
 The book may provide a business model but the airline has not `` come back . '' Continental is still the worst run airline in the U.S. so the entire premise of the book is moot .
 I bought this for a friend fighting breast cancer , and hesitated to even give it to her after flipping through it . This book is almost written stream of consciousness style , and is basically propaganda . The recipes are full of Worthington meat substitutes , which I doubt are very healthy .
 Adam Smith 's `` The Wealth of Nations '' has led U.S. trade policy for decades , if not longer . Voter thinking 11/03/09 focused on jobs and the economy , and sent a clear message of dissatisfaction with economic progress to-date . Smith 's recommendations have had a large role in creating that dissatisfaction . Private sector employment has dropped since 2000 , home ownership and median family income are down since 1998 and the proportion living in poverty has risen . The topic 's importance was re-emphasized 11/06/2009 with the release of data showing the unemployment rate continuing to climb - now 10.2 % -LRB- not counting those who have given up looking , or are working only part-time -RRB- . Adam Smith and Free Enterprise are not working ; meanwhile , China 's GDP is growing 8.5 % . Reinvigorating Main Street America 's employment picture , however , will not be easy . Problems have been building for years , long before the sub-prime crisis . Some believe automation is the major source of recent job losses . However , it is difficult to look at the constant parade of long trains carrying shipping containers inland , or the millions of illegals turning up all across America , and conclude that this is the case . Substantial improvement on Main Street will primarily require drastically limiting Smith 's ` Free Trade . ' Free Trade supporters repeatedly cite the imposition of Smoot-Hawley tariffs as substantially deepening and prolonging the Great Depression , and conclude that we must not turn protectionist . Reality , however , is that prior to Smoot-Hawley , the 1929 Trade Surplus was an insignificant 0.38 % of our GDP , and could not possibly have had significant impact even if lost entirely . True , international trade plays a much bigger role than in 1930 - however , the fact that we 've run large and increasing trade deficits for decades is prima-facie evidence that eg . no trade whatsoever would at least stop the bleeding.As for Adam Smith 's famous Free Trade support , that occurred 200 + years ago - before across-the-board very large and low-cost competitors like China , India , Japan , Korea , Taiwan , and Vietnam , the Internet , jet planes , and massive cargo ships made a much large proportion of economies vulnerable to offshoring than ever before . We need to also remember that protectionism is what allowed the U.S. and its new Asian competitors to achieve their original economic strength . -LRB- Smith himself warned against taking Free Trade too far - such that a nation 's security was endangered . -RRB- Free Trade defenders might assert that manufacturing and IT have borne the brunt of offshoring to date , and their future offshoring is not likely to increase . Recent trends and data , however , suggest service jobs will increasingly also become affected . American firms are already establishing R&D ; facilities in China ; Asian competitors not only have a cost advantage competing for engineering work , they also have the advantage of greater experience in production gained through producing our manufactures . Unfortunately , this also provides them with a natural lead-in to new areas - eg . offshored CRT-tube manufacturing experience helped Asians in new areas of plasma , LCD , photovoltaic , solar , and LED screen development and manufacturing , and this trend probably will extend into nanotubes as well . Data reported in Business Week 's 11/09/2009 issue confirms the shift - over the past year , U.S. employment of scientists and engineers has fallen by 6.3 % , while overall employment has fallen only 4.1 % . Proposed U.S. economic remedies frequently suggest increasing the proportion of Americans receiving college degrees as a defense against offshoring . Alan Blinder , former Federal Reserve Vice-Chairman and current economics professor at Princeton , warns that the key distinction in whether a job is likely to be offshored or not will be in whether a particular service is delivered in person -LRB- haircuts , brain surgery -RRB- or not -LRB- computer programing -RRB- - not whether it is education intensive . -LRB- Elective brain surgery can also be offshored . -RRB- Thus , a college degree may no longer be a panacea . Blinder also believes it is quite likely that offshoring -LRB- unless changed -RRB- will depress the real wages of many U.S. workers who do not lose their jobs , the offshoring transition will continue for 2 - 3 decades and bring gross potential job losses in the range of 30 - 40 million , and that American standards of living will decline . Proposals by still others to deal with offshoring job losses via more jobs in high-tech areas -LRB- eg . biotechnology -RRB- become ludicrous when viewed in the light of these numbers . Professor Blinder 's suggestion makes much more sense - increased vocational education.Additionally , some Free Trade defenders contend that Chinese labor costs will soon become non-competitive . There are two problems with relying on this ` defense : ' 1 -RRB- Chinese productivity has also increased considerably . Economist Steven Roach -LRB- author of `` The Next Asia '' -RRB- lives and works in China and reports that productivity in China 's industrial sector surged nearly 20 % / year from 2000-2004 . Further , even after six years of double-digit increases , average hourly compensation for Chinese manufacturing workers was only 3 % that of the U.S. average in 2004 . -LRB- It 's difficult to get reliable up-to-date information on China . -RRB- 2 -RRB- By 2020 it is estimated that there will be 553 million non-agricultural workers in China - 100 million more than in all the developed world , according to Martin Jacques in `` When China Rules the World . `` Others contend that China can not continue its rapid economic growth without Democracy , something it shows few signs of doing . Jacques , on the other hand , provides data showing that most Chinese believe the political climate has improved since 1989 -LRB- Tienanmen Square -RRB- , and 72 % of its population are satisfied with the condition of the country vs. only 39 % in the U.S. -LRB- As for the widely reported large number of civil disturbances within China reported each year , Jacques contends most have nothing to do with the central government - eg . local land issues . -RRB- Finally , there is the large and growing problem of illegal immigrants taking jobs from American citizens . The U.S. already has enough problems finding work for its own citizens , and the problems are going to become much more severe via currently unfettered offshoring . It is numerically impossible for the U.S. to also provide jobs for the current number of illegal immigrants from Mexico , Central , and South America - we must sharply reduce the estimated 12 million illegal immigrants in the U.S.Bottom Line
 I had to buy this book for a class that I hated and almost could n't force myself to read it . I had such a hard time with it and found it incredibly boring and confusing . I would never read this book for fun . Unfortunately it does talk about a lot about important things and I could sound like an educated person if I had read it but I just ca n't understand it . Maybe when I 'm over 50 I 'll be more interested since I might have a genuine interest in what the book talks about , instead of being forced to read it for a class that I hated so much .
 And it 's incomplete in interesting ways . The editors have redacted certain passages from the text which indicate that Smith was not the free-market lover that modern neoclassical economists want to pretend he was . -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- This is a warning for those who have bought the Promtheus edition of the Wealth of Nations by Adam Smith . It is abridged , and it seems to have been edited to the effect that Adam Smith appears as a market liberal . The following quotes are from the original book and are not found in the Prometheus edition . Judge yourself whether you would attribute these quotes to Smith . `` No tax can ever reduce , for any considerable time , the rate of profit in any particular trade which must always keep its level with other trades in the neighbourhood . '' -LRB- book 5 , chapter 2 -RRB- `` Civil government , so far as it is instituted for the security of property , is in reality instituted for the defence of the rich against the poor , or of those who have some property against those who have none at all . '' -LRB- book 5 , chapter 1 -RRB- You would do much better buying a complete version of the text rather than one selectively edited to skew the message.The Wealth Of Nations
 I have no criticism with Adam Smith 's `` Wealth of Nations . '' My criticism is with the Great Minds Series edition of the book . The Great Minds Series is an abridged version . Huge chunks have been edited out of the book , yet nowhere do they let you know this before making the purchase . I bought this book specifically because I wanted to cite it , and I ca n't because the parts I wanted to quote have been edited out.Adam Smith 's `` Wealth of Nations '' is a worthy book for any private library , but purchase an edition other than the one offered by the so-called `` Great Minds Series . ''
 I was origionally reading the text version of this book on the internet until the printed version came . I was downtroden , sickened , and even frightened to find that the Great Minds Series version of The Wealth of Nations is incomplete , yet gives no indication whatsoever of being so.The introduction and chapters 2 , 3 , and 4 of book 3 are simply not there . They are not even listed in the table of contents . There is no discrepency in the page numbers , or any other teletale indication that it is incomplete . It is not written anywhere that it is an abrigement.I want to point out how careless it is and how misleading to the reader in comprehending the philosophy of Adam Smith to print an incomplete book without any warning .
 Beware of the Everyman 's Library edition of this book -LRB- green hardcover , ribbon marker , isbn # 0-679-40564-X -RRB- . Book V dealing with the revenue of the sovereign has been completely ommitted . According to the introduction , this was to limit the book to one volume and keep the price low . I wish I had known this BEFORE I ordered the book since now I have to buy a different edition in order to read Book V . What a ripoff .
 This is not a review of Smith 's work , but more a review of how the book has been formatted for the Kindle.There is no TOC -LRB- at least not when I bought it in Aug 2010 -RRB- , which makes it horribly difficult and close to impossible to navigate through the many books and chapters in the Wealth of Nations.This one thing alone means that despite being free , this edition is practically useless , unless you are intent on reading the entire book in order and do n't intend to use this for any research . I would recommend getting a hard-copy of this , just because of the sheer volume of the Wealth of Nations , it is of greater use.Kindle-philes , please do n't go crazy over my recommendation of a hard-copy -LRB- How dare I ! -RRB-
 This huge , collector 's edition is HEAVY , the font is small , and there is a ridiculous amount of margin area for writing . I take copious notes , but this is even too much for me . So in effect , you buy this supposedly beautifuly collector 's edition , but it 's shiny paper back - what 's so great about it ? Nothing . I 'm not even sure why it costs so much . I 've seen numerous errors in spelling . The value does n't equal what you pay for it . Go for the lighter editions , unless , like other reviewers , you buy this merely to sit on your shelf to impress people -LRB- or yourself -RRB- . As for the book , Adam Smith is thorough , it 's hard work to get through it , but his principles are sound and when left to work without government regulation , the precepts taught therein work beautifully . Smith gets five stars . The Premium Edition is lucky to get two .
 When they say `` abridged '' they are not kidding ! It seems that they have abridged out about 90 % of the original script.This version consists of only 6 discs.This audio version is so shortened as to make it essentially useless.Better to just buy the book or try to find an audio version unabridged.Leo Wagner
 I do n't recommend you this abridged audio book . Please get the complete audio , and that 's why.This book is so widely cited and interpreted contrary to the author 's original thought , that every economist should read it completely to avoid being misled by such incorrect interpretations.First , let us take the `` invisible hand '' metaphor . When I have studied economy in the University , I was taught that almost the entire book is devoted to the `` invisible hand '' which means `` self-corrective markets '' , `` liberalism '' , `` Laissez-faire '' and `` state non-intervention '' . After reading this book , I have found out that Adam Smith did use the term `` invisible hand '' only once in the entire book , in the discussion of domestic versus foreign trade.To illustrate the point , let me quote the text where term `` invisible hand '' is used
 I would not buy this edition . The printing is terribly small . Its about half the size of normal print . And there is no introduction . Usually these types of works have some sort of preface which introduces the reader to the material .
 Look at the bottom of the Wikipedia page , there are links to the unabridged ebook for free in both kindle and the standard format -LRB- as the copyright is long expired -RRB- .
 The Kindle edition has NO hyperlinks in the document . It gets better.When you search on the word `` chapter , '' none of the chapter beginnings are found , supposedly because the chapter heading is an IMAGE , not text.I 'll try other editions , and if needed , a download from Mobi , and report back on whether I can find a version of this book that can be used with a linked Table of Contents .
 `` The Wealth of Nations '' is more readable than you probably think , and if you actually sit down to it you 'll be repeatedly astounded by Smith 's shrewdness.But parts of Smith 's original can be tough going in many ways . Why do n't publishers acknowledge this by coming out with something more helpful than just the raw text?Unfortunately , finding an edition that will be of great use to you is problematic . That 's why I 'm giving this book 1 star
 Another reviewer is correct in that there are SIGNIFICANT PORTIONS of the book missing in the Great Minds Series -LRB- green and black cover -RRB- . In one instance , I noted that 150 pages were converted into 14 ! Also , Book IV Chapter VII is missing parts 2 and 3 -LRB- also quite lengthy portions of the piece -RRB- . Go with a complete version if you 're going to bother to tackle this book , or especially if you are focussing on one particular idea -LRB- since that may be one that they cut out ! -RRB- ... Smith may be wordy , but to cut out such an enormous amount degrades the integrity of the work . Shameful to nowhere state that LARGE chunks of this classic are absent ... at least be forthcoming!If you choose a more complete version you 'll get to read a classic from a better economist than a writer , but still a fantastic piece of work . Smith does tend to try to overexplain things , but you get use to his style and can appreciate that he just wants to make sure that you get his point.AMMENDMENT : Upon discussion with my Economics professor , it is possible that this green book was one of the author 's first versions -LRB- which he apparently edited and added to more than once -RRB- . I still say that the publisher should be more clear about the version , and that if you want his most recent updates and complete work , to look elsewhere .
 Adam Smith 's `` The Wealth of Nations '' is one those great Classics that almost everyone should read . But if you intend buying a copy , be very careful which version you buy . Why , you ask?It 's out in the public domain and a plethora of reprints are available , a great many from Print on Demand Publishers and there are some truely awful reprints available . Amazon associates reviews of a book with many different versions of the same book from different publishers . Unfortunately for us customers , Amazon is seeing a growing plague of low-quality Print-On-Demand Publishers who are specialise in reprinting copyright-expired books . Such as `` The Wealth of Nations . '' Some of these publishers produce quite good quality books , some do not . What you do need to do is check the publisher carefully for all these older `` copyright expired '' books.An outstanding example of `` not good quality '' is the version of `` The Wealth of Nations '' published by General Books LLC . This version is scanned in using OCR technology -LRB- and using pretty poor quality OCR scanning equipment and software from the look of their books -RRB- , is overall of very poor print quality , uses automated reproduction with no index , no illustrations and an excessive number of typos.Lest you doubt , here 's some word for word quotes from the publisher 's own web site : `` We created your book using OCR software that includes an automated spell check . Our OCR software is 99 percent accurate if the book is in good condition . However , with up to 3,500 characters per page , even one percent can be an annoying number of typos ... '' `` After we re-typeset and designed your book , the page numbers change so the old index and table of contents no longer work . Therefore , we usually remove them . Since many of our books only sell a couple of copies , manually creating a new index and table of contents could add more than a hundred dollars to the cover price ... '' `` Our OCR software ca n't distinguish between an illustration and a smudge or library stamp so it ignores everything except type . We would really like to manually scan and add the illustrations . But many of our books only sell a couple of copies ... '' `` We created your book using a robot who turned and photographed each page . Our robot is 99 percent accurate . But sometimes two pages stick together . And sometimes a page may even be missing from our copy of the book . We would really like to manually scan each page and buy multiple copies of each original . But many of our books only sell a couple of copies ... `` For the buyer that 's not aware of this publisher this can result in a rather unfortunate purchasing decision as General Books LLC are all poor quality , tiny -LRB- almost unreadable -RRB- fonts and they do n't bother to reproduce little things like Table of Contents or Indexes.A good rule of thumb for these Print on Demand publishers is to take a look at the cover - if it 's a good quality illustration that reflects the content , there 's a table of contents , and when you do the Look Inside thing there 's no disclaimer saying you 're looking at another version of the book , and they 've stated that they used facsimile reproduction technology -LRB- rather than OCR -RRB- , it 's usually a pretty safe bet . Conversely , if any of these are missing , you 're taking a chance on the quality . I 've bought a few based on my selection criteria above and they 've been good quality . General Books LLC however , is a publisher to steer clear of at all costs.If you have been unfortunate enough to buy the General Books LLC version by mistake , you can return to Amazon for a full refund -LRB- but check Amazon 's return policy and process first -RRB- .
 The Everyman 's Library version is abridged -- without being advertised as so , either on Amazon OR anywhere inside the book!The Wealth of Nations is a pivotal work in the history of economics and human nature , but you 'd be better off finding an edition that includes the entire work.The Wealth of Nations -LRB- Everyman 's Library -RRB-
 I purchased the kindle edition and encountered several problems . First , it is not clear which version of The Wealth of Nations I am reading ! The book evolved over time so it would really help to know which print version was turned into the kindle version . But there is nothing in the kindle book about publication date , etc.Second , the kindle version includes myriad typos . It reads as if the document was scanned but never proofread . That would be annoying if it were free but is unacceptable for a book that cost $ 1.00 . -LRB- Sure , just $ 1 , but I can get a typo ridden version for free elsewhere and I assumed the fee represented some quality control . -RRB- Smith suggests that when a merchant provides poor quality goods , consumers should go elsewhere . Count this as one small strike against Amazon and the Kindle . Come on , Amazon , you know your product would be more valuable if you had some quality control.The book itself is , of course , a classic . Just get a better edition .
 I was unable to read the book because the print in the book was very small.Very disappointed but will look for a different version or publisher .
 I wo n't offer any critique on the book 's contents , but for a book that was methodically written and ordered into books , chapters , parts , and then articles , this particular version undoes all of this . There is no indication from page to page where you are in this book , making it impossible to flip back to the beginning of a chapter or book . The reader is constantly driven back to the contents to find subjects which may be only a few pages away . I would n't recommend this book for a class setting at all , since one must page back and forth to find which section they are in and there are no numbered paragraphs .
 The greek tradition found virtue in the pursuit of rational self interest . That tradition later found expression in Adam Smith 's `` Wealth of Nations '' in which is posited a `` rational self-interest '' operating as an `` invisible hand '' upon `` free markets '' . Recent accounting crimes and corporate scandals , however , amount to enormous empirical evidence that `` laissez faire '' capitalism is a myth and the `` invisible hand '' is mere `` wishful thinking '' . It is obvious that there is no `` invisible hand '' which militates against crooks , charlatans , and fast buck artists now seen to have firmly ensconced themselves as much in the board rooms as among sleazy fly-by-nighters . Markets left to their own devices trend toward oligopoly in which oligarchs effect political plutocracy through the exercise of sheer political muscle , intimidation , fraud , and outright bribery.If there is an `` invisible hand '' , it has never moderated the rich and powerful . If a ruling cabal is to be moderated it must be done by political action.This is less a criticism of Smith himself than of modern economic conservatives and/or ` supply-siders ' who find in Smith -- ex post facto -- a rationalization for rapacious and monopolistic behavior . Smith is no more to be faulted for this than Darwin should be faulted for the excesses of `` Social Darwinism '' -- neither Social nor Darwin . `` Social Darwinists '' are most often associated with the age of the Robber Barons , providing them an ideological bias that justifies all manner of corporate crookedness and sleazy practices.To his credit , Smith himself feared the rise of monopoly power -- a fear which modern conservative commentary either does not understand or omits entirely.The picture is complicated , however by Immanuel Kant who assailed the pursuit of self interest in favor of `` good in and of itself '' -- a `` categorical imperative '' . It is a moral standard that no one , of course , can live up to . Nevertheless , Kant became the other great influence upon American conservative thought -- though I can not give most contemporary conservatives credit for having actually read Kant or , for that matter , understanding him.Yet -- Kant may be found lurking beneath the ideological surface of the extreme right-wing and the religious right which seeks to impose upon us a `` transcendental '' reality and morality whether we like it or not.It is unfortunate that Kant himself defined this `` transcendent reality '' -- which he calls the noumena -- as being unknowable . If follows , by definition , that one can not make meaningful statements about it , but that has not kept righteous ideologues from deducing from this `` unknowable '' value judgments and imposing those values judgments on others . By definition , nothing meaningful can be said about whatever is `` unknowable '' ! We are given a choice of two mutually exclusive alternatives
 This book has two massive and core problems , each one of them large enough to make this book incredibly , even dangerously , misleading.The first problem of Adam Smith 's Wealth of Nations is not to be found in identifying all those familiar , and illogical anomalies that have been proven through experience false , and are well known -LRB- the `` invisible hand '' and others -RRB- ; nor the fact that Smith completely hides the history of his own country -LRB- how after the English civil war the English pursued an incredibly protectionist series of policies -RRB- ; but that all these complaints can be seen as stemming from one underlying problem in Smith 's analysis
 I ordered this book for my son . He moved a couple of years ago . His former address was at his place of business but I wanted the book sent to his home . When I tried to type in his new address instead of the old one I could n't get the site to accept it so I exited the website . I received an email the next day saying that the book had been shipped to the old address . He checked with the new business there and they never got the dilivery .
 A short note for those about to enter into the world of Adam Smith - Take time to examine Book V , parts I-III . You 'll notice that Smith , quite contrary to his Laisse-faire proponants , is elucidating the beginnings of Keynes , rather than the Milton Freeman view . `` The duty of the sovereign or commonwealth is that of erecting and maintaining those public institutions and those public works , which ... -LSB- are -RSB- of such a nature , that the profit could never repay the expanse to any individual or small number of individuals , and which it therefore can not be expected that any individual or small number of individuals should erect or maintain . '' -LRB- Smith , Adam The Wealth of Nations , pg . 681 -RRB-
 Where is this guy buried so I can dig him up and slap him ? This is the most tedious book I have ever tried to read . Adam Obfuscation Smith apparently lived by the philosophy `` if you can say it clearly in 10 words , then say it opaquely in 30 '' . Every Economist & Politician you see today must have learned that art from him . He went to Oxford , enough said really . Git . Not sure what the book is about . Something to do with Economics . Absolutely positive the author was a wanker .
 I keep trying to pick these things up hoping they 're gon na either come in via osmosis , or figure if i can learn something . This one just did n't do it for me , it confused me !
 Book comes riddled with typos , errors , etc. . Do n't save yourself a few dollars by going with a cheap -LRB- er -RRB- edition .
 This version is just too small for such a great book . No room to write interpretations or other side notes . Bought another one , so it has become my door stop for now ; until someone offers me a price or simply asks to borrow it .
 Note that the complete edition of Adam Smith 's Wealth of Nations is usually published in two volumes . The only exception I 'm aware of is the University of Chicago Press ' edition , which specifically states that it is `` two volumes in one ; '' note that this means double-numbering , as the page numbers restart for the second `` volume '' . The reason that it usually comes in two volumes is that it is a very , very long work , totaling over 1000 pages , and abridgement is apparently so common that it is n't stated directly by publishers . So , if the edition you 're considering buying has less than 1000 pages , it is either only one of the two volumes , or it is abridged . It does n't help that Amazon often provides the `` inside pages '' of a different edition from the one you 're viewing , so if you want to check the table of contents to see just what 's in a particular edition , you may be misled . If what you want is the complete work look for something that indicates that it is `` unabridged '' .
 Out of necessity , whenever an original work is `` abridged , '' the abridger must make a value judgment regarding what in the original work is worthwhile -LRB- and will be preserved -RRB- , and what is not of relevance , and will thus be discarded and placed beyond your view . So `` abridging '' really means `` editing , '' which means running the original work through the `` value filters '' of the editor/abridger . Unfortunately , much of the inspired and inspiring wisdom that Adam Smith toiled long to place in `` The Wealth of Nations '' has been edited out in this abridgment , to the point , at least in my opinion , where much of the real meat has been removed and much of what remains is merely milk , that is more appropriate for the simpler mind of a suckling child.Opting for an audio book , rather than taking the time to read the real thing , in and of itself is a significant compromise that forgoes the greater value of being able to pause and contemplate what you have read , and to then do whatever rereading is necessary in order to really evaluate and grasp what is being said.I realize that our lives are often so busy that we feel a legitimate need to make these kinds of compromises whenever we can . Although you can probably get away with a compromise like that with your recreational fiction , believe me , this is NOT the appropriate time or place to do that ! If you are going to opt for the audio version out of necessity and convenience , then do n't also opt for the cliff notes version that has already had much of the meat taken out of it by an editor/abridger that thinks he knows better what you need to learn from Adam Smith . If something is calling you to partake of the vast wisdom that is within `` The Wealth of Nations , '' then do it with a commitment to really benefit from the journey . Take a pass on an abridgment ! I think you will be glad you did ! Dale Gwilliam - Phoenix , Arizona
 The Wealth of the Nations is an outstanding work of one of the most important men of the social sciences , the father of economics , Adam Smith.Although the full work is included in this book , including the often forgotten last two books of the Wealth of Nations , this edition has no introduction , and its table of contents has numbers pointing to the wrong pages . In addition , this edition makes the book too large and thus very uncomfortable for the reader to hold while reading.I highly suggest reading the Wealth of Nations , but I also strongly suggest to avoid this edition . Prefer the Bantam Classics edition .
 Buy the Liberty Fund Glasgow edition instead of this . This , the Modern Library edition , contains an introduction and footnotes that essentially amount to Adam Smith as interpreted by 20th century socialists -- placing Smith and Karl Marx at the same level in the pantheon of social thinkers . -LRB- One can imagine that the Modern Library may continue the trend and subsequently publish an edition of the Federalist Papers in which Madison is compared with Pol Pot . -RRB- If you wish to understand Smith , avoid this edition . If , however you want to gain a muddled perspective on The Wealth of Nations , go no further .
 Not to be a grinch , but I would like to underline that this is a book of ESSAYS and rather simple advice often found in organizing articles and books . The essays are gently humorous or insightful , as you will see from glancing around in the book -LRB- function above -RRB- , and the writing is nice enough . But answers to real quandaries are best found in other books , for example the surprisingly good `` Conquering Chronic Disorganization '' by Judith Kolberg .
 A Review of Janov 's The Biology of Love by Stephen Khamsi , Ph.D.Love , argues Janov -LRB- 2000 -RRB- in The Biology of Love , is a neurochemical event . While acknowledging that there are genetic and environmental factors , Janov focuses on the negative biological factors that are imprinted upon the fetus . The absence of love adversely affects the nervous and hormonal systems , leaving a `` toxic brain environment '' that is less able to effect repression -LRB- those familiar with Janov 's earlier writings may be surprised at this late praise for the biology of repression -RRB- . Not surprisingly , The Biology of Love is also about primal therapy.Janov continues to praise Freud 's hydraulic model and to denigrate dreams and , with less emphasis on curing neurosis , concedes that `` reliving normalizes . '' One surprise , though , is the absolute omission of `` brain maps , '' the celebrated centerpiece of his last book -LRB- Janov , 1996 -RRB- . In these dreary times of corporate managed care and polypharmacology , it 's certainly heartening to see a new work by Janov , the bold and innovative thinker and psychotherapist . The Biology of Love is a showcase of earlier insights , assertions , andaccomplishments . In addition , there are some new ideas and assertions about love and therapy , as well as thirteen original case presentations on primal therapy . And one must acknowledge Janov 's growing microhumility . In the current volume , for example , he acknowledges that he sits at the feet of Dr. Paul MacLean , and that he is indebted to Drs. Leboyer and Odent for their important contributions . Moreover -LRB- and uncharacteristically -RRB- , he shares a bit more personal information -- including a cameo of his own traumatic birth anoxia and subsequent birth feelings . But clearly , Janov 's `` credibility problems '' -LRB- Mithers , 1994 -RRB- continue . The Biology of Love reduces human love to hormones and dendrites . Perhaps we should ask whether Janov 's biological reductions enrich , or perhaps trivialize , our understanding of love and the mystery of life . END
 Keeping it short and sweet , I 've been throught Janov 's therapy . They are all well intentioned , and believe in what they are doing -LRB- I hope -RRB- . However Primal Therapy is very much similar to a cult , and this book , The Biology of Love , is another in a line of unscientific advertisment booklets .
 Janov 's work in the Biology of Love is unscientific diatribe . The main purpose of the book is to attract business to spend money on primal therapy . The monocausal trauma-centric model for psychopathology and the trauma-is-repressed theory make this therapy dangerous , and potentially cultic . There is danger of false memories , or just a general blackening of real memories - a negative re-evaluation of neutral memories that can cause relationship problems with one 's family . Avoid primal-therapy writings and this therapy as if it were a cult .
 I borrowed this from my local library , and although it does seem helpful , I 'm going to have to purchase a newer volume that was written after the dawn of the internet age.While the author spends most of the introduction explaining what a technical marvel WordPerfect is , there is no mention of doing invesment research using the internet . Although I 'm sure there is lots of other information here , this shortcoming has proven fatal to me.At least I did n't * buy * it !
 I am sorry to report that this book is both poorly written and poorly edited . If you 're interested in investing in Dow Dogs , which is what the author touts , you 'll be much happier with books like Beating the Dow -LRB- Micheal O'Higgins -RRB- or the investment books from The Motley Fool .
 Dronke 's peculiar book includes five mythological poems
 Mr. Casey tries to track how public opinion polls and surveys , along with the opinions of journalists and politicians , influenced Roosevelt 's thinking and decision making . By the time I read the alarming phrase `` pedal his views '' on an early page , I was already doubtful that this clumsily written tome was going to add very much to our understanding of FDR 's attitudes and policies toward Nazi Germany . Mr. Casey essentially retells the well-known story of American isolationism , the growing appreciation of the Nazi threat , and Roosevelt 's efforts to support Britain and prepare for war without flouting neutrality laws and popular resistance to American involvement . But as for the day-to-day effect of the surveys and opinion polls , I do n't think he makes his case . I 'm afraid I lost patience and stopped reading after a hundred pages or so.I was especially disheartened by the mystifying -LRB- and total -RRB- absence from Mr. Casey 's narrative of Joseph P. Kennedy , Roosevelt 's anti-British ambassador to Britain . No one tried harder than Joseph P. to persuade Roosevelt that England was moribund in 1940 and to declare Hitler the winner . No other book on this period manages to ignore Kennedy so completely . And would somebody please tell Mr. Casey that the famous 1936 election poll that predicted a Landon landslide was conducted by the Literary Digest , not the Reader 's Digest .
 Cons
 Let me admit at the outset I 'm not a philosophy person . But I was interested in the author because of his reputation as a great , influential theologian . I found this book a very boring , difficult read with tons of repetition , not just in concepts but even within sentences and paragraphs . It was written several decades ago and perhaps for those who are interested in the history of existentialism there are pluses to the book . The best chapter , in my opinion , was the last chapter -LRB- 6 -RRB- where Tillich explores `` Courage and Transcendence '' . More specifically , I liked the last subchapter on `` Theism Transcended '' . This section contained timeless concepts of what theism means and does n't mean , and an astute observation that one definition of theism is an empty one used by politicians who throw out the word `` God '' in speeches to impress their audiences with their moral trustworthiness . In that respect , the book was `` current '' and certainly applicable to the recently concluded Republican presidential candidate primary race . But in the end , I did n't feel my time slogging through this book was time well spent .
 This is a book of the mind . An intellectual foray into philosophy . I know it is a well regarded text but it certainly was not where I wanted to explore in finding a more heartful understanding of faith . I admit I did n't get terribly far into it before I gave up and moved on . There is so much more out there that calls to a heart centered seeker .
 Originally published in 1952 , The Courage to Be by Paul Tillich is a compilation of the Terry Lectures delivered by the author in the same year . Tillich is a well known mid-twentieth century German-American liberal theologian . The following comments pertain to the 2000 re-release by Yale University PressThe lectures discuss the issue of courage and , are largely a response to some of the bleak existentialist philosophy prevalent at the time . I found the aspects of the text discussing existentialism to be the most interesting . To the appropriate liberal academic audience in the early 1950 's these lectures might have sounded majestic . Tillich weaves a broad story touching on a range of philosophical , political , historic and scientific themes . Fifty years later it feels dated and superficial ; some of the themes e.g. existentialism , Freudism and Marxism are now somewhat pass&eacute; and may be of limited interest to many modern readers.This is not to say that the work is without value , I find that Tillich is always effective at conveying the majesty of God . Tillich was by all accounts a capable intellect , however , his ability as a communicator is limited ; his use of language while occasionally poetic is often wordy and vacuous , while his argumentation can be sublime , it is frequently speculative and specious.The Courage to Be is probably only of interest to Tillich fans .
 Tillich believes that modern man 's predominant anxiety is a sense of meaninglessness leading to despair . This is the Existentialist 's plight . Tillich states that meaninglessness has not always been the predominant concern . In prior ages it had been death and later guilt.In order to resolve the angst of modern man , Tillich imposes upon himself that `` The answer must accept , as its precondition , the state of meaninglessness . '' This precondition creates the cul-de-sac for his rational argument.Tillich himself , offers the nave solution of `` The faith which creates the courage to take -LSB- meaninglessness/anxiety -RSB- into itself has no special content . It is simply faith , undirected , absolute . It is undefinable , since everything defined is dissolved by doubt and meaninglessness . `` In other words , Tillich suggests that to resolve meaninglessness and despair one should resort to having faith without subject matter.Tillich further explains himself by stating the requisite courage/faith is not without subject matter but rather is in `` pure being '' or `` the God above God '' . This is nonsense . The God of the Bible is the great `` I AM '' , pure being . There is no God above God.By giving the proposition `` God above God '' Tillich is either : a -RRB- making a substitution identical to that which is being substituted , making the proposition gibberishb -RRB- removing God from the equation , replacing Him with the power of being within ourselves as the basis for our courage -LRB- what an ersatz this exchange would be , a finite force within ourselves , leading to certain death , rather than a personal God who could be implored that held the power to gift eternity -RRB- . orc -RRB- replacing the definition of God handed down through the ages and substituting it for one , more amenable to his existentialist philosophy . In so doing he is falling into the trap of creating god in his own image . One also would have to ask the question why he feels he should be trusted with elucidating to mankind who God is , using his reason alone ? The credentials of Jesus and Moses are likely more qualified for this which is likely why their assertions are believed more than those of Tillich.If you were not certain before reading this book that Existentialist philosophy has no real legitimate answers for meaning in life this book should provide another nail in the coffin towards that conclusion .
 `` The Courage To Be '' has confirmed , at least for me , a feeling that I have had for a long time now . Paul Tillich should not be considered to have been a theologian.I know that some will object to my position by saying something along the lines of
 Although the author has some great insight into the need to look at Christ alone he really dismisses any use of the Law as legalism.The law used wrongly , to make people keep trying to keep it as a means to measure their relationship to God , should be abandoned.But the law used correctly , as a guide to point us to our need for the sacrifice of Christ , is very much still valid in preaching . All use of the law is not `` relgion '' . The OT laws were meant to be a part of faith just as NT communion and baptism are today . If you dismiss the OT laws as legalism you must also dismiss the NT sacraments as such also . And I do n't think he really means to do that.Also to make some points he travels into speculative areas instead of those that are more scripturally clear . For instance he makes the point that God creates out of nothing . Then he makes the point that He can recreate out of nothing . And he then basically said that there was a point when you were nonexitent so whose to say that after you die you may be nonexistent again so that God may raise you up from `` nothing '' just as he created the world from nothing in the first place.He equates `` nothing '' with nonexistence . I have a problem with that . When Jesus says . `` apart from me you can do nothing '' is He saying that what you do apart from Him never happened ? No , of course not . He 's saying it is `` zero , of no account to yourself , adds nothing to you -LRB- i.e. the Work of Christ is all you really have -RRB- '' . So be aware of such things if you read this book .
 This book contrasts sharply with his Arab Mind . Reading the two together , one can see clearly Mr. Patai 's bigotry and hate of Arabs . For a professor who is said to have held high positions at prestigious US universities , I found his stereotypical writings quite scandalous . However , when I balanced this with the fact that his is the son of a well known Hungarian Zionist , I came to realize that his agenda could easily be understood -LRB- the vast majority of people hostile to Arabs are Jews -RRB- . Added to this , his work is highly descriptive and speculative - reinforces the view that Anthropology is not really a science .
 I did not care for this book at all . It was all detail and description . The excitement of the book is n't until the very end and even that was n't so great . The only part of the book I enjoyed was the subtle way that Marian had feelings for Shane because she was so fascinated by him . Otherwise I could n't wait until it was over so I could write my paper and get it over with .
 I had to read this book for school and I hate it . It 's too detailed and far too complex for my taste . About 2 chapters of the book talks about a man and Shane chopping at some big old stump , and the characters are all astonished and proud of them . It really makes no sense to me . I do not recommend this book to ANY high-school student if you need to read a book for school .
 I had to read this book for school and I hate it . It 's too detailed and far too complex for my taste . About 2 chapters of the book talks about a man and Shane chopping at some big old stump , and the characters are all astonished and proud of them . It really makes no sense to me . I do not recommend this book to ANY high-school student if you need to read a book for school .
 The book started out extremely boring and it took me a while to get into it . There are 16 chapters and it got a little better in about chaper 14 . The book does have great quotes and figurative language , but other than that I would not recommend this book to readers . I did not enjoy it at all . Please so not waste your time on this book . It may be all right for adults , but it just does not keep kids attention .
 The book was really boring . It made no sense and it had no plot . I would recommend everyone even the author to avoid this book at all cost . If you want to read a book , do n't read this one . Read anything else and it will be better than this book . The author made the old west the most boring place on earth .
 If I could , I would give this book a negitive amount of stars , or at least zero ! Most of the book was just people talking , and even there talk was boring . Definitly not worth your time .
 I had to read this book in language arts class in school , and it was so boring to me that I did n't even bother finishing it !
 After finishing this book , I was totally surprised . This is the `` classic western novel '' that everyone has been raving about ? `` Shane '' lacks the elements of a good story almost completely . There is frighteningly little character development , and I find it a little strange that the reader knows next to nothing about the title character . Since other reviwers have already mentioned that pretty much nothing happens in this book , I will focus on the lack of information about Shane . The only concrete fact about Shane is that he has a mysterious past . Anything else that might be said about him is inferred , -LRB- as are most traits attributed to members of the Starrett family -RRB- . Also , I believe that Schaefer pushed the whole `` Shane 's past haunts him '' thing a little too far . The reader is constantly reminded of how `` poor Shane had something bad happen to him '' . This started to get old about 30 pgs in , and to add insult to injury , we are never told exactly what this `` bad thing '' was . Within literature it is sometimes for the best to leave things ambiguous , but usually , the piece of information that is never going to be told to the reader is not hinted at and/or alluded to every other page . It seemed to me that Shane 's past was a vital part ... scratch that , one of the only parts of his overall character . Ultimately , reading this book felt like watching the sequal to a movie I 'd never seen , mostly because of the huge gaps in information about the characters . Without interesting characters , even a story with excellent prose and plot can fall flat . Shane , which had neither of these to begin with , was utterly dissapointing .
 Do n't get me wrong , the guy has talent . To fit a 1 paragraph story into a 119 page book takes skill . If Schaefer had any plot to the storey , it might actulally have been a good book . But it was n't . There were about three things that actually happen in the story , and they are obvious . I would n't have read this book if I had n't been forced to .
 The book is manly about this person who is trying to hide his past and keeps on traveling until he meets this family then he stays for awhile and he decides to stay but the Joe askes Shane to be a framer and he says yes and thenn he stays after awhile he leaves and then every one in the family realized what what Shane had done for them was lots.I hated this Book this book was Very not good I hated this book the only reason I read this book was because I ahd to read it for my book report or other wise I would not have read thi book I rather read any other book than this book this book had no main plot to it .
 A very very poorly written book . I think that y' all should n't even bother picking it up because that is a waste of time in which you could be reading intelligently written books -LRB- ie . Dune -RRB- . Y' all know what I mean .
 I had to read this book for a 7th grade report , and belive me , it was terrible . The whole school hated it , all the teachers too-except the ones who taught literature . Is this some universally bad book for kids , and great book for adults into literature ? I strongly object one of the other reveiws , the one who says kids who do n't like this book have n't read `` great literature . '' I love to read , and even though Western novels are n't my favorite , I do know the difference between a good book and a bad one - this was clearly one bad book . Many reviewers say this book was too descriptive . It definatly was , but that is not a major reson to dislike this book . The major thing was that it was too boring , I could n't read more than ten pages before starting to skip words , sentences , even paragraphs .
 This is the worst and most pointless book ever written I had to read it for school and I did not understand one bit of it . It should not be sold it is the worst book ever .
 ... Although it seems I am the only person who expressed my feelings for this book negativly my feelings are true . This book was BORING and students do not have to go threw the pain and sorrow . Sorry if any one got offended .
 This book I would not advise anyone to read ! For 3 chapter they just talk about a stinkin stump ! Who cares about a stupid stump . I mean I get that it 's symbolic and everything , but the author definetely could have had some way of making this book more interesting . There is almost no action throughout the book until the last few chapter because the whole book is centered around how a cowboy stays on a farm and a kid 's perspective of the story . A few of the chapters were just dialogue about absolutely nothing . And how much do we really to know about the cowboy anyways ! If you want a book with good symbolism and connotation with still some action you should read The Giver . Overall , one a scale of 1 to 10 , this book is a -1 ! The only thing that saved it from a -50 is the last few chapters in which they have some fight scenes . This book will be a waste of your time , so do n't buy it !
 I am a student from Saxton Middle school . Although it seems I am the only person who expressed my feelings for this book negativly my feelings are true . This book was BORING and students do not have to go threw the pain and sorrow . Sorry if any one got offended .
 This was the most pathetic book ive ever read in my life !!! It was about a boy , his family , and a stump ! Why would anyone in their right mind want to read a book about a stump ? I 'll admit that at the end I had hope that it might end up being some what decent , but the last chapter was all about the boy calling for shane to come back . The only thing that got it a star was the fact that it was the shortest summer reading book I had .
 I really did n't enjoy this book at all . It 's not my kind of book . If it had had more excitement and a little more detail I would have liked it more . The descriptions of the fights Shane got into were not my kind of detail . More excitement and laughter and fun would improve this book a great deal .
 Apparently I was tainted by the classic 1952 film before I read this book . In the movie Alan Ladd plays the eponymous hero , and although the audience can see he represses whatever mysterious past he has , the film shows a reluctant gunfighter trying to fit into Homesteader life . The end of the film shows Shane facing down a `` stacked deck , '' finally revealing how deadly his nature is , as he kills the villains in the story . I love the tension between two personas , as well as the conflict between the Starrett band of homesteaders versus the Rikker cowboys.I saw the movie so many times , I felt it was time to take on the book . The easy reading kept me occupied just over an hour , and was so disappointing . I was expecting more psychological tension between the lifestyles , more insinuated romance between Shane and Starrett 's wife ; perhaps more build up to the end of the greatest Western ever filmed . Instead I read this ego-trip version of Shane who knows how good he is and does n't bother with modesty . His stint as a farmer seems more like killing time between gunslinging . The subtle romance of the movie , seems to spawn from the book 's adulterous `` could-have-been 's '' . There is this cheezy scene our narrator catches between Shane and Starrett 's wife about upholding honor over lust , and respect Joe Starrett as the proper husband . By the end of the book we already know how great Shane is , and expect him to win all the gunfights -LRB- though again , I did see the movie first -RRB- . This book seems to have flat , one-dimensional characters . The plot of a drifting gunfighter landing into the hands of a family struggling against hired guns is still entertaining , but not enough to recommend the book . I recommend the movie , it 's much more entertaining and date-compatible .
 Hello everybody out there . I 'm one of those `` pre-high-school kids '' who read Shane in class . And , though I do n't like to be cliche , I hated it.Somebody said before that this novel had little character development . I have to agree . Jack Schaefer is excellent at fight and appearance description , but our characters are left as empty clothes waiting to be filled . We know Shane is a tall , dark , and handsome gunslinger trying to escape his past , but we do n't know what he 's escaping from or anything else about him . And his character seems to change dramatically throughout the text . When he first arrives in the valley , Shane is hesitant to involve himself with anything , wanting only to stay at the Starrett 's for a night . Joe persuades him to stay and work on his farm , and as time passes Shane gradually becomes more involved in the valley 's affairs . I can see this happening . But Shane seems always quiet and , yes , still hesitant . I ca n't see Shane losing his cool in everyday life . This is supported by his actions throughout the book , especially by his tenderly wiping the blood from Chris 's face after breaking his arm . But after Johnson 's bringing the news of Wilson 's arrival , Shane pushes past him saying roughly , `` You 'll only ever be a farmer . '' I ca n't see Shane doing this.Another point my friends and I poke fun at is all the violence . Schaefer describes , in detail , each punch landed and each bone splintered . I can see how this adds to Shane 's prowess in fights , but I find it overly descriptive . There is no point in , for example , telling us how Joe 's shirt rips off his back and reveals bulging , rippling muscles . I find this unbelievable , unnecessary , and revolting.So to anyone out there , be you English teacher , avid book reader , or a Western fanatic , I advise you to stay away from Shane.Second thought -- you Western fanatics might like it . * shrug *
 Looks like I am the odd man out here.Reading S.L. Viehls ' books -LRB- I believe this is a pseudonym -RRB- - another one I could not even get through .
 the Pope writes about the many people who saved him from death during the Nazi occupation of Poland . he saw God 's hand in this preserving him for a greater priestly role . he also is full of gratitude to the many people who helped him along the way.what seems to be missing from this work is a commitment to working towards a world of peace , in which the horrors of the Nazi era will not be repeated . the Pope has an almost ho hum attitude
 Repetitive , vague , and more style than substance . I had to read this as part of my PhD in literature , so perhaps I more bitter than it warrants . Still , I 've read a lot of new media crit. , I did not find it stimulating or useful .
 I bought a new copy of this book for the April '04 FE exam . First off , the newest copywrite is 2000 . This book has very few spelling or grammatical mistakes . Chapters are very short and do n't go deep enough into each subject and do n't provide enough examples . Each topic is covered in only a few pages , so do n't look here for in depth coverage . I found the exam drastically different from this review guide . The exam has changed alot since 2000 and this book should be updated to reflect that fact . There are lots of questions on the exam dealing with digital systems and signal processing that are n't even mentioned here . The two practice exams were way off from the test itself . You 'll notice the author has tons of questions on the practice tests about computers , their memory , etc , yet hardly any of that was on the test . I recommend that if you are still in school and have recently had courses in communications , digital systems and signal processing , consider taking the EE part of the afternoon exam . I 've been out of school for a year now and really should have taken the general version of the afternoon exam . I barely passed with a 77 -LRB- 70 being the minimum to pass -RRB- only because of the great general exam review guides by M. Lindeburg and M. Potter . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased this book in addition to the FE Review Manual by Lindeburg . I took the FE exam 2 weeks ago and the content in the Electrical PM book was nothing like that on the exam , in fact , the examples were much more difficult than the actual exam problems.I would go with the PM Electrical book by the same publishers as the Lindeburg book , PPI . This book from REA was not helpful .
 This book is the biggest pile of crap . Not only is it extremely outdated , the example problems and practice tests are multiple times harder than the actual test . The writing is poor , the section depth is laughable , and the explanations are even worse . Unfortunately , I have yet to find a decent PM EE book , they all seem to be quite worthless . Of the 3 I 've referenced , this one is by far the worst .
 A lot of reviews are praising this novel as being so historically accurate , but when I read it I had some real questions . My father who was a combat veteran who fought with General Patton says that American troops had not crossed the Rhine River into Germany in October 1944 , so it is impossible for the hero Erik to have been shot by American troops in the heart of Germany or to go to an American Red Cross Hospital and be cared for by Americans -LRB- p. 221 in the book . So what really happened ???
 I did n't like the book Soldier X . It is about a boy and his friend in a war and how nasty it is in the trenches where they stay.This book Soldier X is stupid put nicely . It makes no sense at all . It moves from place to place without you noticing it . Do n't read this book . It is n't worth it .
 emailed this company to find out if this was an `` antique '' book , but received absolutely no response except that the book arrived and it 's new ; very disappointed and dont recommend doing business w/them
 The novel is excessively long . The first fourteen pages deal with the introduction of the trial in Athens , and the last sixty seven pages deal with the trial and the execution of Noelle and Larry . That leaves over five hundred pages to describe how the lives of the three main characters intersect . In order to fill those pages with content the author has chosen to vividly paint the sexual exploits of his players.Sometimes those details are borderline pornographic in content and certainly not called for to achieve the purpose of sketching a persons character and their motivations in life . For example , do we really need to know that Noelle rubbed cream on the p ***** of one of her many lovers that caused his organ to experience heat while she had sex on top of him ? Or would it suffice to say merely that she had developed expertise in bed?The novel has five hundred and twenty pages devoted to the sexual exploits of one or other of the characters , and very often it is not even germane to the story . For example , Noelle decides , during the Nazi occupation of France to assist the escape of a wounded resistance fighter by using an admiring and obsessed German general . This escapade , although mildly amusing due to its cartoonish portrayal of the Gestapo , has no bearing on the intersection of the three characters and how they become entangled in 1947 . The novel also introduces some very annoying writing techniques that only break down story credibility , such as a co-pilot who declares that he pooped himself based on a landing in the fog . But were n't we told that he was a fighter pilot in WWII earlier ? How can he be a brave fighter pilot with decorations in one passage and then a co-pilot who can not retain his bowels in another ? Was n't England foggy during the war?This Sheldon effort is replete with these inconsistencies too numerous to mention and they merely serve to remind us that we are reading fiction . One last comment about this novel - the cover on my copy has a picture of a person in the 1980 's walking through a gas station past a van identifiable as a late 1980 vintage , which is baffling , since the story is set principally circa 1940 and ends in 1947 . This anachronistic error represents much of this overly long , flawed work .
 This is standard Sheldon fare - cutthroats and graphic albeit cliche bedroom scenes . Same old story.Set during the 1940s , this book contains all of the ususal Sheldon fare including some poor editing . An example of poor editing was in the case of a character named Israel Katz , who had an amputated leg . Early in the book , it was his right leg and later in the book , his other leg was identified as the amputeded limb . Inconsistencies like that are inexcusable.Dramatis PersonaeCatherine - a silly , starry-eyed girl who has pie in the sky hopes like her dreamer of a dad . She has a crush on a boy in her senior class and when he somehow manages to convince her to spend a night with him , she makes bizarre comments and kills off a possible conquest.She drops out of college to work and becomes involved with one William Fraser , who is the only likable character in the book . A truly nice man , he has her interests at heart.Larry - a cruel , indifferent man . He manages to convince Catherine to marry him instead of Fraser . He would later jilt her for one Noelle Page after making attempts on her life so he can remarry . An erratic pilot , he is sacked from several airlines and mail runs before being hired as the private pilot for a Greek tycoon.Noelle Page - Catherine 's foil ; her opposite number . Noelle is a ruthless barracuda who was encouraged to believe she was born into a noble gentry . Instead , she was born in a fishing village in Paris , the daughter of another barracuda and an unknown sailor . The man she recognizes as her Papa sells her when she reaches puberty . She then goes on to seduce men and sharpen her teeth and claws.A Greek tycoon named Constantin Demiris who bears more than a passing resemblance to Ari Onasis takes in interest in the young barracuda . He woos her after a callous pilot named Larry who jilted her.These three lives collide . Larry supposedly kills Catherine and is executed in a trial after her disappearance ; Noelle and Larry reconnect and Noelle meets a grim fate as well . A tale of revenge and excess , this one shares a place with other Sheldon novels . This is just too trashy for me .
 The book is almost 500 pages and it took about 250 to get to the intersting parts . The character development is incredible but the whole time you 're like `` well , when are they gon na be connected ? '' I previously read `` Rage of Angels '' by Sheldon and enjoyed that a thousand times more . I was a disgusted by Larry and especially Noelle . Adultury is a SIN !!!!!!!! I was disappointed to see Sheldon make it seem like it was no big deal . Not everyone has affairs and it is not normal . His book makes you believe it 's OK to Sc ** w the world . He 's a great writer but I do n't recommend this one .
 I did n't realize that the book was an old library book . I purchased it for a friend who loves this book but I am too embarrassed to give it to her because of the awful smell the book has . I would of paid more for the book if I had known the condition of the book that I purchased . Lesson learned
 After reading the editors note on this book one is lead to believe that this book will give you information on 19-century photography . You are lead to believe that a wealth of information is on hand , but it is note . In fact very little is shown concerning photography , and almost nothing at all concerning the cameras . In short this book is trash , and not worth the money , or the paper it is printed on !
 After reading Wagner 's other work , and especially after reading Carolyn See 's enthusiastic review in the Washington Post , I had high hopes for this book . But The Chrysanthemum Palace was a disappointment , a thin sketch of a story with weak , unlikable characters and a Hollywood backdrop that many writers -- including Wagner himself -- have made much more vivid . At about page 140 , I skipped the next 50 pages or so and read the last 15 or 20 pages , none of which made me want to return to the part I passed over.Wagner is a talented writer and adept storyteller , so I 'm rather baffled by this tepid effort . Maybe this was just one of those mistakes that writers occasionally make in selling an idea to a publisher , then finding that it really does n't engage them or that they ca n't flesh it out well enough in time for a deadline . I still look forward to Wagner 's future projects , but this particular book was a waste of my time and money .
 Still Holding and I 'll Let You Go are among my favorite novels of the past 5 years . By comparison , The Crysanthemum Palace was a huge disappointment . At no point did the characters , the plot or the Hollywood environment grab me the way those other two novels did.Children of celebrities is a potentially great subject for a novel . Unfortunately , the three major characters in this novel held very limited appeal for me . And the parallels between the science fiction TV series and what was happening in the characters ' real lives just did n't work for me in the least.For a new reader of Bruce Wagner , I 'd start with the second , then third of the cellphone trilogy and leave this one alone .
 I stopped reading this at about page 50 . I found it pretentious and full of too many Hollywood insider references . I felt like the author was screaming `` I am so clever . `` This is the type of book I do n't enjoy . I just could n't get in to it , so I quit .
 I think any book that helps you build a habit of meditation and prayer is useful . Still , I was disappointed in this book . I was excited by the idea of it
 Somewhat disappointed with this , daily offices -LRB- if you can call them that -RRB- are merely scriptural excerpts , with a longer and usually very un-interesting commentary . As an Episcopalian , I am always looking for ways to deepen my spiritual experience , but I think , after reading these and the author 's reflections , I am more convinced to remain in the mainstream , non-gnostic faith tradition . In true fashion like many other gnostic books , readings are very cryptic , up to any interpretation , and borderline being a bunch of boring , spiritual mumbo-jumbo . Basically , we have a divine spark , people . That is not hard to understand . We are sacred , we are created beings . We do n't need the likes of Valentinus , Mani , Mandeans , Sethians , etc to tell us that , and `` reveal '' some grand truth that is hidden beneath everything . God did not put us here to confound us , but to love and enjoy us , as we need to enjoy Him -LRB- or Her , whatever your taste -RRB- . I think many Gnostics , like the author , tend to be frustrated spiritualists , looking for new and different ways always to entertain their spiritual boredom . At risk of becoming as spiritually arrogant as doctrinal reformists , the Gnostics seem to be pretty sure of a lot of things . We must remember , however , just like many aspects of mainstream Christian theology , Gnostic beliefs are heavily influenced by convergences and asyncretizations of pre-Christian , hellenic , mythological , platonic insights and most definitely - human archetypes and attributes . The sacred is within . Celebrate it , seek it . Knowing that , there is nothing much more this book can do for you .
 I read a lot of Biographies but this one was definately one of the worst . Malcolm Dome 's feuilletonistic writing style really takes away from the reading experience . Why does he have to refer to Ac/Dc as Acca Dacca throughout the book ? That was extremely irritating.Also , all the research for this book stems from the files of either Sounds mag or Kerrang mag , sprinkled with some eyewitness accounts of AC/DC shows the author himself attended in the early 80 's . That , to me , is just plain lazy . And even though the facts given in this book are acurate it still leaves you unsatisfied for the lack of detail.Overall I must say that it DOES show that the book was written by the editor of a modern day Rockmusic mag . It reads much more like an enthusiastic review of a scribe who wants to make sure to stay on the good side of the band for future advance copies of the ` next ' record than the writing of someone who takes an actual interest in cold hard facts and real roadstories . This book was lousy if you ask me .
 As I 'm a big AC/DC fan -LRB- up until the `` FLICK OF THE SWITCH '' album -RRB- , I bought this book.It was a big dissapointment . Of course KERRANG has a lot of tradition in the business of writing about rock and roll , but the book seemed to me just a bucnh of old articles put together to sell a book . No new research.Also , of course , the book is `` devoted '' to AC/DC . Anywhere , the writer -LRB- or `` writers '' -RRB- are capable of telling some of the truth
 I normally really enjoy reading Sproul , but the Catholic-bashing and slamming of those friendly to the Catholic Church in this read is just too much . I have to say , my view of Sproul has changed a good deal after reading this , and not in a good way . If I could give it zero stars , I would .
 This is a very disappointing book . Sproul correctly identifies the important distinctions between the Traditional Christian position on justification and the innovations of the 16th Century Protestants . What he fails to do is to show why we should believe the Protestants instead of the traditional position held by the Eastern and Western Churches . Sproul treats the opinions of the Protestants as if they were infallibly true and does not allow the possiblity that they could have been wrong . He is so busy stating that the Catholic Church has not changed her position on this matter that he does not honestly tell us why she should . In the light of modern Biblical scholarship , it is no longer possible to maintain that Luther and Calvin were interpreting the Bible correctly in this or other controversial matters . In fact , the Traditional Christian opinion is clearly more faithful to that of St. Paul than the positions taken by the Protestants . Sproul needs to read some recent literature and stop defending the errors of the 16th Century.Arthur C. Sippo MD
 An awful abortion of a hollow excuse of a `` book . '' This book is to literature what the Spanish Inquisition is to the Catholic Church
 I started Hegel 's 814 page Phenomenology of Mind 18 months ago . I finished it a week ago . I turn to the back pages where my notes would be to find I made none . If anyone other than me ever tells you he read this opaque monstrosity , this Finnigans ' Wake of philosophy , he is almost certainly lying . I dog-eared the bottom of a few pages , which is my way of signaling that there is something there which may be interesting but not succinctly quotable . Rereading those pages in preparation for the fulfillment of my promise , I still find little to distill.From page pages 399-401 : `` If we put both sides of the universal ordinance over against one another and consider them , we see that this later universality has for its content restless individuality , which regards opinion or mere individualism as law , the real as unreal , and the unreal as real . That universality is , however , at the same time the side of realization of the ordinance , for to it belongs the independent self-existence -LRB- Fursichseyn -RRB- of individuality . The other side is the universal in the sense of stable passive essence ; but , for that very reason , the absolutely non-existent , but still not an actual reality , and can itself only become actual by canceling the individuality , that has presumed to claim actuality . This type of consciousness , which becomes aware of itself in the law ; which finds itself in what is inherently true and good not as mere individual , but only as essentially real ; and which knows individuality to be what is perverted and perverting , and hence feels bound to surrender and sacrifice individualism of consciousness - this type of consciousness is Virtue . '' ... `` The mood of moral sentimentalism is reduced to confusion and contradiction
 CONVERSATIONS WITH NEIL 'S BRAIN is a glossary of brain parts packaged as dialogue between Calvin and his imaginary friend , Neil.The reading experience reminds me of a psycho-physiology course I took 25 years ago . Some exciting brain research had been done , but the old moss-backed professor ignored everything newer than about 1960 . Calvin forfeited an opportunity to add snap , crackle , and pop to his tedious and dull lecture about brain physiology . Exciting things are happening , and he ignored much of it to rehash stuff from the 40s & 50s .
 These positive reviews must have been planted by someone . So amateurish I wo n't bother to go into detail.Cannot imagine a person of even modest literacy reading more than ten pages .
 One of my top ten favorites and I have been waiting for it to come out for Kindle . What 's the hold up?EDIT
 Summary
 I must speak a dissenting voice to all the glowing reviews of this book . Mowat is , no doubt , an excellent naturalist , and many of the adventures described in the book are very entertaining . However , I am very disturbed that , although the author is ready to defend HIS pets with his shotgun against other animals , he pretty much gave his own animals not just free rein but also encouragement to kill the pets of others . Mutt the dog is deliberately set on a woman 's cats , and the `` secret cemetery '' of neighborhood cats filled by his pet owl is described with almost pride.Also disturbing to me is the author 's attitude toward women . Any complaining woman is described as `` spinsterish . '' The `` Cat Lady '' whose cats the author set his dog on to attack and kill was described as harboring `` yearning hope '' for a male intruder to come and presumably do things to her that I do n't want to refer to in a review that children may read -- the implication is pretty strong , with a reference also to the Sabine women.I may get flamed for this review , but I feel that these are very poor attitudes to be subtly or unsubtly conveying to children . I find it very unfortunate because I endorse the author 's work as a naturalist .
 James Livingston chose to write Modern Christian Thought because he recognized a growing `` need for a text that covers ... the important intellectual developments in the history of modern Western Christianity . '' His purpose in writing this textbook is to attempt `` a study of the major figures and movements in both traditions in Europe and America since the beginning of the Modern era '' , encompassing both Protestant and Catholic figures -LRB- xiii -RRB- . Written as a textbook for Modern Christianity from the Enlightenment to the Nineteenth century , Volume one of Modern Christian Thought is primarily geared towards students of theology and any other audience interested in the development of modern Christian thought . Livingston does not intend his book to be a comprehensive survey , but rather chooses to focus on both key influential thinkers and recurring controversial themes in theology , philosophy and apologetics.Comprising of a preface , introduction and fourteen subsequent chapters , volume one of Modern Christian Thought covers key influences and turning points in Christian thought from the Enlightenment all the way to Kierkegaard and Neitzsche.As newcomer to the study of contemporary Christianity , I found Livingston 's organization of each chapter to be helpful , as he presents informative biographies of key theological and philosophical thinkers , explains their contribution to a particular movement or time period , and then summarizes their overall impact on Christianity . At times , the reading was dry and the terminology was confusing . Having no knowledge of historical figures from the Enlightenment or the various issues involved , I found myself struggling to understand such terminology as ` constructive Deism ' or ` rational supernaturalists ' , and the differences in their thought . Although Livingston does define such terms , their definitions were lost amidst the myriads of columns and information ; therefore , I would suggest that Livingston put such terminology in bold and provide a definition of terms section in the back of the book . Such an edition would be an immense help to his audience , as theology students like myself could be new to studying modern Christianity.In trying to expound important intellectual developments , key figures , and movements in America and Europe over a large time frame , Livingston put forward such a plethora of information and interrelationships that the reader be left with their head spinning . Furthermore , although the author 's preface specifies he will focus on influences in both America and Europe , he provides little in regards to key figures or movements in America.For a more detailed book review , see my website at
 I did n't find this book particularly funny . It has its moments , sure , but the overall impression I got was `` outdated ''
 I was just three years old when my mother took me to a book signing on Robertson Blvd. in Los Angeles . A man was seated at a small table and well-dressed women milled around him . The book was `` Manners Can Be Fun , '' with its bright yellow cover , and soon was joined by the Watchbird series . What sticks in my mind was the dreaded statement , `` This is a watchbird watching you . Were you a good child this month ? '' Ugh . I ca n't imagine a young child today being inspired by such baloney .
 AGU ! Man The book is Finally over with ! That was torcher PLUS the movie was violent causing me to continue screaming and my classmates thinking I was insane ! I got ta piece of advice , DONT BUY THE BOOK
 Gag me ... this novel is the epitome of boredom . I 'm not a huge fan of boredom .
 ok well im in 4th grade and im reading the book ... its SOOOOOOO boring . the words are out of my vocabulary and its extremely annoying . we have to read it for book club with 4 other people . everyone thinks its boring but the teacher keeps saying `` keep reading it gets better '' but im on part two and its still on a scale from 1-10 i would rate in 1 . so boring ... and in th begining you have no idea wtf is going on
 How can this possibly be a classic ? Most of the time I had no idea what on earth the characters were saying . It 's all in some kind of pirate-jive lingo . Practically a foriegn language . I thought that this was a childrens book . If I read this at the age of let 's say 8 , it would put me off reading for life . And it is so slow to start . I did n't enjoy reading this book and I was very disappointed . The drama is weak , the narrative is weak and boring . I felt nothing for the hero Hawkins . And towards the end it kind of built up to a big climax that never happened . I 'd like to believe I read a fake version of Treasure Island and there is a much better and real version out there . But perhaps I should accept that this book , cherished and highly regarded by a lot of people , just did n't entertain me one iota .
 The entire seventh grade at my school read this book . 3 out of 356 kids actually enjoyed it ! I was one who did not , and I read at a 12th grade reading level ! This book was pathetic , except for the premise .
 Oh my gosh . I f you are looking for an interesting book to read . Do n't read Treasure Island . It is totally on a reading level for way older people . Not 7th graders . I had to read this book in class and it was so hard to understand that I gave up and fell asleep . Boring Book . I would n't even classify it as a classic . I would classify it as a good way to put yourself to sleep .
 Treasure Island , this classic novel by Robert Louis Stevenson , is filled with literary devices and suspense that keep the reader interested until the end . This irresistable book is a must read for all people who love an extraodinary , intense , and action filled novel . This book was the worst book I read . `` Cries and confusion , the flashes and reports of pistol shots , and one loud groan , rang in my ears . '' this magic three that was used in the story gives the reader and idea of what was going on through Jim Hawkins 's eyes .
 I did not read this exact edition , but a very old copy I borowed from my grandpa . He had been bugging me to read Treasure Island for a long time because I liked the movie Pirates of the Caribbean , so he thought that I would love this book because of the pirates . I read it and was sooooooo bored ! I could not even pay attention it was so boring . For about one page the book was exciting , but then it got dull . I am a freshman in high school , I read this book summer going into 9th grade and was bored to tears reading this ! I understood the language , but what was said was boring and my attention wandered early on . I quit reading about three quarters finished . I returned the book , and I could tell Grandpa was shocked I did n't like the book ... but I guess honesty is good . A friend of my parents said maybe I was bored because I am older and the book was mean for a lower reading level , but I do n't know . All I can say is that this book really sucked . If you want to read a GOOD book read Harry Potter -LRB- my favorite !! -RRB- , something by Dan Brown , or a Howard Moon Deer mystery by Robert Westbrook.Peace out ! Happy reading !!
 Not very interesting . It was confusing with sailor slang words and British spelling . I would not recommend this book to people who like action .
 started out very good . as the plot thickened , the details disappeared , making full comprehension difficult . ending incomplete.started out very
 I read Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson . I found this book to be not so enjoyable . It begins with slow , hard to follow beginning , and continues with a somewhat sped up middle with many confusing twists and new people . The end I also found to be boring . This just seemed like a short story streched out on many pages lots of new places , characters , or things in between.The parts of this book that I could follow along with were few and even still not inturesting . It took effort to read and keep everything in your head . I had to read over many things twice.Some of the characters are Jim , Jim 's mom , Dr. Livesey , Pew , Admiral Benbow , and others . Jim is the boy who goes on the adventures with the pirates . Jim worked an inn with his mom and dad . A sstrangwe visitor came around that was a pirate . Jim 's dad died and so did the pirate ... which is where Black Dog came and Jim 's whole adventure started . He traveled across seas to find treasure , and he thought that the island was scary and haunted.If you are an advanced reader , who can keep up with many things I might suggest this to you . If you are inturested in a fantasy like story with pirates , you also may enjoy this . However if you are an average person who just enjoys casually reading or you like to have a book that leaves you on the edge , I would have to say you would not want to read this .
 I do not know why this is in my folder . I did not buy it as far as I know . You may remove it from the survey if you wish .
 This book is really confusing . I got lost a lot in it . It does n't really make any sense and it is kind of a band book .
 I had to read this for a 7th grade class ... I got what was happening -LRB- mostly -RRB- , but it was the dumbest story . There was no point and i was about to fall asleep halfway through - Totally boring ! Save your time , or if you do get it , DO N'T get the old version - the conversations are even harder to understand .
 I just read this `` classic of children 's literature '' at age 49 , and I found it very hard to follow . It depicts a number of evil and frightening adults -LRB- men -RRB- , with a boy `` saving the day . '' I think it should be read by teenagers and adults , rather than 9 - to 12-year-olds , since it is so difficult to follow .
 Did not like the book really boring might be a classic . but I 'm to good for this horrid book sorry
 The it was n't really my genre type though I ca n't blame the book for that but if you like pirates and adventures this is the book for you
 I read Treasure Island for a language arts project . It was a very descriptive book , with very detailed characters and the settings . Robert Louis Stevenson had an incredible word choice and great ideas in this book . One of the things I had trouble with is that his sentence structure would be very jumpy and some times incomplete . For example he would have his characters fighting in the stockade and then the next sentence a guy was dead , shot through the head . My favorite character was captain Silver ; he had one crutched leg and a good humor . He was not the main character but he did play a good size part , some of the things he said frequently made me laugh . His book is set in a time of pirates and treasure hunters and Stevenson captured their unique vocabulary , `` why , shiver my timbers , if I had n't forgotten my score '' . Some of the most significant events were in the beginning at the Admiral Benbow lodge , when there were a lot of unpleasant visits by an old captain carrying a sea chest , but this is where the main character Jim found interest in treasure hunting.My opinion of this book is that it was too hard for me . I 'm a very intelligent student , but I could n't always follow along with the book . I could n't remember some of the characters roles as the crew and all the abbreviations were just so hard for me to read . It had good action in it so that definitely made me more interested in finishing it . I would say that this book is most likely to hard for any grade lower than 6th . It is good for any one 12-40 . Over all I gave this book two stars .
 Just ordered and downloaded this book to my pc . The book is not complete only 27 pages long ! What 's going on ? Granted , I got it for free because it was advertised as a free book , but I really liked this book when I read it in Highschool and was looking forward to reading it again . This was a total waste of time !
 I did n't really come into the reading of Treasure Island with any expectations even though the tale and characters are iconic . Yes , I knew it involved buried treasure , pirates and Jim Hawkins but was ignorant of the specifics of the plot . All I was expecting was a good tale . I found that the iconic status of the book was more impressive than the actual work , something not uncommon in the digital age.The family of the young Jim Hawkins ' runs a not quite prospering inn and everything seems to be going on its drudging way until a man with no name shows up . He bears a scar and a sea chest and comes to be known as `` the captain '' . He spends most of his time boozing until some shady chracters show up to talk to him . The captain will draw Jim and his family into his past and a violent present after his death and the discovery of a treasure map . Jim 's life will speed up to encompass pirates , pursuit , buried treasure , and that mascot of fish franchises , Long John Silver , and his ever-present parrot on his shoulder . No , the parrot 's name is not Polly.Treasure Island is a fast moving narrative that keeps on pumping energy on every page . Stevenson has a real talent at keeping you interested . The character of Jim is well-drawn as are most of the main characters . The problems come with the minor characters . The pirates are completely stupid and you wonder how they could have ever earned a living doing it because they are so incompetent . I really do n't see why this book has the place it does in the canon of good literature . It 's an average young adult novel .
 Good book , but it was formatted for kindle terribly . The table of contents does n't link , there is lack of page breaks and contained lines break mid sentence . It was very distracting .
 `` Treasure Island '' is a classic . Why foul it up by makingit ` easier to read ' ? That is just being condescending toyoung readers , and evidently , going by one of the otherreviews , they did n't do a very good job of THAT , even.Read the original , skip any of the adaptations ...
 My daughter was assigned to read this book over the summer in between 4th and 5th grade . Although I know it is a great classic , it is extremely difficult to read , especially for her age . I am reading it to her and I , myself find that it is difficult to read and there are many words which I need to look up and many phrases which I can not even lookup , so we are missing a great deal . I wish there was a modern American English translation available so that we could enjoy the story and not get so stuck on just trying to understand what is going on .
 Too many unnecessary details - a chore to read . Was reading this with a group of 8th graders and we could n't wait to get done with it - no one liked it . Too many times after reading a page , we would all go - HUH ?? - what did the author just say?You know there have been more novels written since then - why do students have to keep reading the same ones their grandparents read when they were in school ?
 i have read a lot of books in my life and this has been in my lowest ranked books along with chinese cinderalla , kira-kira , and out-of-the-dust . very dissapointing . even though i am just a kid , i think it was too violent and boyish . Yuck .
 i read 5 pages and i did not under stand 1 wordi hated every single word and thing in the book !
 Pirates . Ships . Treasure . Gold . The Sea . Do all these things come to mind when you hear about the title ? If you like these kinds of things , read this book.I found this book kind of boring because it did not have enough suspense , excitement , and comedy . I know they say this story is a classic , but to me , this story is a classic bore !
 I read Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson . I found this book to be not so enjoyable . It begins with slow , hard to follow beginning , and continues with a somewhat sped up middle with many confusing twists and new people . The end I also found to be boring . This just seemed like a short story streched out on many pages lots of new places , characters , or things in between.The parts of this book that I could follow along with were few and even still not inturesting . It took effort to read and keep everything in your head . I had to read over many things twice.If you are an advanced reader , who can keep up with many things I might suggest this to you . If you are inturested in a fantasy like story with pirates , you also may enjoy this . However if you are an average person who just enjoys casually reading or you like to have a book that leaves you on the edge , I would have to say you would not want to read this .
 Bought it because my daughter is reading it in school , and wanted it with the audio link so we could listen in the car . However , we could not figure out how to get the audio link to work.Disappointing .
 Look for another copy . This one has a typo on the FIRST page . '' ... keeping nothing back but the beaings -LSB- sic -RSB- of the island ... ''
 Sorry I 'm only ESL . I do n't understand what the book talk about , for me is nothing , i will deleted it read it after 10 years when my english is better
 i am 43 years old , reading treasure island for the first time and what a disappointment ! to start with , allof the characters seemed one-dimensional , the narrative is not very well written-it tends to jump around-and the story was not THAT good-i am sorry , but there it is.if i were to explain treasure island in a nutshell with all it 's faults , i would say the author did have a goodidea for a story : the 1700s , ruthless pirates , the high seas , a young boy , and buried treasure but , the problem with the story is the characters . we -LRB- the reader -RRB- never really connect with any of the people in the story and-i presume-the main reason is we never get to hear the thoughts or feelings that these characters are having at the time.i never knew what was going on in the mind of these people , making it difficult for me to relate to themand enjoy the story.i am not going to call treasure island , a `` classic '' novel-it just is not . i would suggest reading it as acuriosity-that is all-and perhaps someone else might see something different in it than i did ?
 I had to read Treasure Island for class . The book was published in 1883 . The main character , Jim , suffers losses at an early age . This influences him to go on a ship to find Captain Flint 's treasure . There are several people on this ship , some that Jim can trust can some that he really should n't . Some of these people use others just to get what they want . I did not like the book at all . It could not keep my attention . I found the book quite boring . The wording is confusing and I had somewhat of a hard time reading the story and fully understanding it . It took me a while to finish the book because I just could not read it . Personally it has way too much violence for me . But , it does teach good life lessons such as , be careful who you trust , some people will do anything for money , and many more . All of the problems helped the main character learn these lessons . I would not suggest this book to young children or people who do n't like violence and pirates .
 If I had known that I could buy this from Barns and Nobles for $ 4.99 , I would have gotten it there . This book was missing a chapter and my son ca n't even read it . Now I have to go out and buy another one .
 New folk 's coming to rabbit hill and all are excited because these folk 's may be `` plantin ' folk 's . '' In this book there are many animal charecters , some of the main charecters are lil ` georgie , a rambunctious rabbit with loads of energy . And Uncle Analdas who always seems to have misplaced those `` dangblasted '' glasses . join lil ` georgie on his adventure to uncle analdas 's burrow . And experience the suspense the animals feel waiting to find out who the new folks are . I think this book would be great for young readers in grades 2,3 , and 4 . young readers will have a blast in imaginitive hill were communitys of small animals live.Robert Lawrence does a great job telling this newberry award winning tale . you might catch yourself holding your breath while the contractor decides weather to build the wall over moles burrow or to go around it.This book is well organized , suspensful , full of action , and adventure . its great because it blends human decisions with animal reactions.I reccomend this book to young readers in grades 2,3 , and 4 .
 Please note
 the provider failed to say it was an abridged item and for children . It was a waste of money
 `` Treasure island '' was a hard book to understand at my age -LRB- 12 -RRB- . Its sentences were written in old English , which got you confused . The sentences were also pretty long . There word choice was hard and confusing . On page 118 the 4th sentence has like three hard words . The description was good but at times the plot was confusing . A significant event that happened was when the mutineers attacked their ship and killed Flint.My personal opinion of this book is I thought it was bad and hard to understand . It was written so far back that the old English was so confusing . It seemed like there were like ten different things happening at one time . So a good age for a reader of this book would be around thirteen and up . Twelve year olds could read it to if you 're a good reader . But if your not that great of a reader than you might think the book is confusing like I did . So all in all , I would give the book a three on a one through ten scale .
 This book is extremly confusing and i found myself thrusted into a world i had no idea about . I respect the authors writing style but as a person knowing nearly nothing about the world of pirates , i found myself not wanting to read any further than the first 10 pages . This is truly sad , as i am a fan of classic novels .
 I just got finished reading this book . I ca n't believe this was called a classic this book could barely hold my attention ! The only one I liked was Captin Flint because I like birds but besides that I would n't read it ! wait untill your older ! my class read it and no one liked it ! Alot of people told me that this book should n't be recommended to kids who do n't like sea adventure , prirates , or anything under that category !
 I read the first 40 pages or so and it did n't grab me . The narrator is n't described , there 's no texture , no detail . It just jumps into the story too quickly and I did n't feel anything about the characters or interest in the plot .
 It is no surprise that `` Treasure Island '' was written by Stevenson just in a few days as its carelessness and pretty bad style attest . On the contrary , it 's really surprising that this poor novel could have been intended to be read in `` one sitting '' as it took me no less than five days to finish this bore.One of the main reasons I disliked the book was that I usually prefer `` clean English '' to `` slang '' ; if I read English books is precisely to improve my grasp of the language and this novel does n't contribute to that at all . There are many dialogues in the story written in a confusing and illiterate `` pirate jargon '' which make the novel very annoying to read . I should have bought a translation.But , personal preferences aside , this is not the only drawback because , as I kept reading , between one snore and another , I wondered how repetitive and pedestrian the language was and how unfriendly , conventional and dry the characters were . Even the character of John Silver is scarcely charismatic and flat . The book also struck me as so devoid of substantial and perennial meanings that it is beyond my knowledge why it is considered a `` classic '' to this day . For me , the only portion of the story I enjoyed were the first six chapters , where you can perceive that something is brewing up ; after that , the novel sinks into tediousness until the end.My final piece of advice would be
 Well on top of it all i didnt enjoy the book well ! It totally bored , me and I didnt comprehend it !!!! It made no sense !! It depends the kind of person u are ! If u like looking 4 treasure maps ... well , then try it !
 I have ... It is the most boring book ever . . everything is confusing and the story does not make a common sense or even an interesting sense ... In other words
 this book is mad boring !!! how can they even publish this ??? i have to read this book for school and that is why i flunk my test . even the movie is boring !! if you want to buy this book , you can use it for a bedtime story . if it is not for your bedtime story , it is no use . so listen to me and do n't buy this book !!
 our entire class read this novel and not one of us could understand a single word that was written . The constant change in place become confusing untul they got to Treasure Island . How could someone fall asleep in a coracle and an apple barrel ? People have told me it was a classic when they thought it was terrible . At the end of the book I had no idea if Ben Gunn was on the ship or still on Treasure Island
 this is the most boring book i have ever read ... the dialouge is so confusing , so my advice is do n't waste your time on reading this book !
 The all time worst book a teacher ever made me read I would n't make my worst enemy read this piece of crap !!!!!!!!!!!
 Well , mates . I must say the first few chapters were interesting and I was really expecting something to happen to keep my interest but the ship sunk for me . About 3/4 left to read I really had to row hard to get through it ... boring . Maybe for kids its ok . Do n't recall any profanity .
 My negative review is based on one major fact . There is no where in the description that the book is 61/4 x 4 inches in size with only one illustration . Thus it was not at all appropriate for the three little girls ages 8-10 who were to receive it this Christmas .
 Let 's face it
 It 's too long and boring . I think this book is not suitable for Hong Kong students in primary six . It makes us sleep . There are a lot of difficult vocabulary words . I wish there were more pictures and easier vocabulary words . We should n't buy this book . It 's more boring than the Bible . I prefer to play computer games .
 It is a semi interesting book . I personally love to read about pirates . But the book was somewhat boring and it went really slow . The book is always throwing you off with big vocabulary . It 's not bad . I just personally do n't like the book that much .
 Over all I thought the book Treasure Island was somewhat good . I thought at some parts some of it was quite confusing . I do not think it was the writers fault for my confusion . I was confused simply because the book was a bit too challenging for me . I think I could of enjoyed it more if I was older reading it . My favorite part of the book was when they finally found the treasure in the caves . Another part that I liked was towards the beginning of the book when the boy was with captain at the inn . I enjoyed the pirate fights too . Also I enjoyed very much the way the pirates talked in the book because how they used phrases such as `` shiver me timbers '' , `` arrg '' as well as other similar phrases . The book was not too predictable . I think the author was very clever . I would have never guessed that the treasure would be hidden then re-hidden ! That is why I like the book.There are many reasons why I do not like the book . One thing is that it often went on about things that did n't have to do with the book that much . The pirates would have very long conversations with each other and they took away from my understanding of the plot even though that was probably the authors goal so that I would n't guess the ending of the story . It did not have any humor or jokes at all in the conversations or throughout the book , if there were jokes then I was not old enough to understand them . Also , I could not memorize the names of all the pirates . Therefore when they mentioned a name that was not a main character , I did not know whom the Author was talking about . I also did not like how I did not get to know the characters and their personality that well before another character was introduced . Some of these names were
 This novel was very descriptive and original , but dragged on too long . I found myself skimming chapters at a time because I became so bored with the content . This book was definately not for me . Do n't necessarily let this review discourage you from reading it , though . I recommend reading the first few chapters . By then you 'll know the general impression of the novel , and can decide whether to continue or not .
 This is n't a terrible book but I think the plot does n't make sense.If you are going to read it prepare to be confuced
 I made it to chapter 8 in this book when lo and behold it skipped all the way to chapter 13 ! I was horrified because I am really enjoying this book . I searched the entire book , and this is only place where pages are missing . Does anyone else with this very book -LRB- ISBN 0760750920 -RRB- have the same problem ?
 I read the story of Long John Silver -LRB- supposedly written by himself -RRB- written by Bjorn Larsson that is a wonderful story , but at the end of this book it says that if you want to read the last attack of Long John Silver you have to read Treasure Island because if it was written once he will not write it again , that 's why I had to read this book.This book has about 300 pages or so , but it goes out of the main story so many times that you do n't remember the story , compared with the story of Long John Silver this book has nothing to do .
 This woman is selfish , judgemental and hypocritical . She makes sweeping judgements on the male leads character based on his being a hugely successful businessman . She condems him for being focused on money and profits yet she insists on having everything her way despite the costs - which he is paying - then she asks for more money , basically asking him to buy her dream.This guy gives her everything she asks for then she throws a tantrum and storms out when he balks at giving a heritage society control over his $ 100,000,000 piece of property . `` He strung me along while he thought there was profit in it , and then he cut me loose . '' Who strung who along ? Who profited ? This guy deserves much better than her .
 This book is not based on sound acting principles . It directs teachers to ask students to play emotions rather than objectives , thus breaking one of the cardinal rules of acting . Once I saw this , I refused to read on and immediately returned the book . It literally made me physically ill to read this book .
 I owned the version from 1987 and bought this thinking it would be an improvement . I only used the first one occasionally , but in my line of work as a Legal Nurse Consultant , I am constantly using a Medical Dictionary & Encyclopedia . Each time I reach for this book now , I know now that what I am looking for will have a good probability of not being in the book , or a poor description . For example , I was looking for the typical symptoms of hypocalcemia - the book tells you `` hypocalcemia - a diminished level of calcium in the blood '' - that 's not very helpful.There are many other situations that have rendered my opinion of the usefulness of this book to be minimal if you need to rely on a medical dictionary/encyclopedia . This book was very dissapointing as I am trying to build my library . That is one reason for being able to see a book first , and have a few examples you want to look up in the book before buying .
 To describe Lapatin 's book , in one word
 The experience with the seller was great ! Product information was appropriate and valid . However , the content of the book was not what I expected based on other tatter 's reviews .
 Maybe I was expecting too much for an older book . The book was listed as in good shape . It was in terrible shape . Binder coming off and pages falling out .
 It is a mystery how this apparently unedited mess made its way into the Baskerville series . Some of their other `` Great Singers '' bios are definitely worthwhile . I 'm not talking about a split infinitive or two , but rather about such choppy syntax and punctuation that the reader has to do all the work to derive any meaning at all . Also , it conveys no real sense of the great Stevens . The 40-buck price in the jacket flap makes it all the more jaw dropping . The publisher should have at least hired a temp for a few hours to clean up the worst of it . I 'm wondering if the sole criticism in Mr. Pennino 's defense is a friend or relative . With luck , Stevens will someday receive the documentation her talent merits .
 Avoid the 6th Edition paperback version of this textbook if you can . The problem with this edition is that it was clearly photocopied from some source . My classmates and I noticed numerous errors in copies we purchased from both Amazon and our school 's bookstore , which made us all wonder if a pirated copy slipped into the stores ' inventories . Unfortunately , that was not the case because each of us has noticed the following problems with our copies :1 . The clearest evidence of this is that someone wrote on the original page 87 and his or her writing has now been preserved in every single copy .2 . There are vertical lines that indicate the edge of whatever sheet was photocopied .3 . Words are smudged and the contrast is poor in the text boxes , which use a dark background , making some parts difficult to read.Charging so much for a photocopied textbook should be a crime . Sadly , it is n't to my knowledge so all I can say is avoid the paperback 6th edition and try to find a used copy as cheaply as possible .
 Please do yourself another favour this year by not buying this textbook . The writter had a difficult time explain the meaning of money and frequency confuse what he was wrtiing in chappeters .
 AFTER ORDERING THIS BOOK , WAS ADVISED THE SELLER HAD INSPECTED IT AND FOUND THAT SECTIONS OF IT WERE DAMAGED/MISSING SO ... THEY DID NOT SEND IT AND REFUNDED MY CREDIT CARD PAYMENT.SINCE THE FIRST AND SECOND BOOK OF THIS AUTHOR 'S SERIES IS UNAVAILABLE -LRB- OR PRICED TO SELL TO VERY SERIOUS COLLECTORS ONLY -- READ
 The Tarot of the Old Path deck is beautiful and quite original , but all you need to interpret it is the instruction booklet included with the deck . The book does n't add much except the meanings of the flowers pictured on the cards -- which is less interesting than you 'd think .
 The book is good -LRB- 2 STARS - for being just good and not a GREAT book for beginners -RRB- and I read it twice from cover to back . It is more understandable just READING it , than actually attempting to create a natal chart with just this ` book for dummies ' as an aid . I am a complete novice and to entertain you more , a ` DUMMY in Astrology ' so I needed to purchase something I thought would be easy to comprehend and implement alone . Wrong , wrong and a thousand times wrong . The minute I was left on my own creating my natal chart -LRB- Gemini sun , Virgo moon and Scorpio Ascendent -RRB- I was completely LOST . I could n't and did n't understand where the dog-gone FIRST house was and I believe many other do n't either . The people who write these books should actually have a dummy like me sitting there with them and then they 'd know exactly what I mean . This book could n't get me out of the problems I discovered as I was challenging my limited ability in this subject . I used the Birth Chart on the Internet and I could SEE it . I made my chart according to Internet . I clearly for 3 hours did n't know what to counterclockwise count back from - The Sun - the book is n't clear here . Remember , I 'm the idiot . I got more of my questioned answered by asking the Internet questions than this book . Well , I said my piece and I guess I 'm in the minority here . No I would n't purchase another one of these books . I 'll use this book ONLY as a reference .
 As a practising astrologer , I try to read as many books on astrology as well as how to books for the subject , so that I may learn new techniques with which to teach people who are not yet familiar . I found this book to be condesending to the reader , though perhaps the author meant this to be comical . I did not find the humour and felt as though he was attempting to talk down to the reader rather than simplify astrology . Overall this is an extremely generalized book and not very helpful for anyone who really wants to seriously study astrology . I did not even feel that this would make a good reference book .
 With apologies to the author and her fans , of which I happen to be one . If Amazon provided a way to review audio books separately from the paper kind , I 'd rate this CD a grudging `` 1 . '' The 2 is based on the safe assumption than the book itself would have rated at least a 4 . I devour audio books in the car , and this is the first one I 've ever ejected -LRB- and rejected -RRB- without making it to the third chapter.Kathy Garver 's little-girl voice makes it hard to envision the heroine as an adult . She 'd be fine narrating audio books for very young children , but for a suspense novel , she 's simply laughable.I would probably have grown accustomed to Garver 's delivery and kept listening , if the male lead had sounded remotely professional , and if the director/producer had n't disrupted the flow of the narrative with a ham-handed attempt at having one actor interrupt the other to insert his lines.This was so unlistenable , I can only assume that somebody 's friends or relatives were in need of acting jobs . Fine for them , but I 'm out 30 + bucks.If you enjoy audio books , do yourself and Jayne Ann Krentz a favor
 I have enjoyed Jayne 's older novels like `` Wildest Hearts '' and `` Trust Me , '' but her more recent books have been plot driven without likeable characters . I especially do n't recommend spending $ 25.00 for a hardback . Wait for the paperback or better yet , check it out of your local library . I already donated my copy .
 This reminded me of a Nancy Drew story in which Nancy gets laid , more than once . If this seems vulgar , then prepare yourself for a big surprise if you read this book . Contrived `` in the nick of time '' encounters hobble the already weak suspense , and stereotypes abound . You 'll be happier with some James Lee Burke .
 When I saw that this was the preferred edition for kindle I presumed that the text would be organised in a way to fit the kindle comfortably . Instead I found that the text does not uniformly fill the page . It is written as a full line follwed by a half line . I had to increase the font size in order to make it slightly less annoying . One thing it taught me is to ALWAYS download the sample chapter first before purchasing and do n't presume that ` kindle preferred ' means you 'll be getting the best one for the kindle . Of course the book itself is brilliant .
 I bought them -LRB- Northanger Abbey , Persuasion , Mansfield Park and Emma -RRB- to complete my Jane Austen 's collection , and honestly , did n't like the paper quality , it seems like they did n't even care for the presentation of them ; it did n't look elegant , cheap to be more specific .
 As an Austen fan I was disappointed . To a non Austen fan this book is akin to watching paint dry while listening to a 4 hour lecture on the intricacies of interpretive dance , followed by a cyborg reading the phone book .
 this is terrible . you can not read it because the lines are all misaligned . a complete waste of money .
 The wording was a bit too antique for my liking . The storyline was good but I was disappointed in this book .
 I could n't get into this book . I kept trying but decided to just close it out.I would not recommend this book .
 eBook downloaded from Gutenberg . Undervalued by her arrogant baronet father and prideful sisters , meek Anne Elliott 's main goal when she sees her jilted ex-fiance is to hide her regret.Not as involving as some of her other tales , with fewer likable characters and a very draggy storyline . I gave up halfway through .
 HUGE APOLOGIES TO JANE AUSTEN AND THIS WONDERFUL BOOK . I ordered Persuasion as a gift for my mother . What she received instead DID NOT delight her in the least . It was the COVER shown here , but carefully bound to some nutjob religious rant . NOT PERSUASION . NOT AT ALL . OBVIOUS product tampering.So much for trusting in Amazon as a seller . No way to contact them . `` My job '' to jump through hoops -LRB- WORSE - to ask my MOTHER to jump through hoops -RRB- to return this trash and get my money back . Same as outright theft - selling me garbage I did n't order and making it painful to get the mess corrected . All relying on the fact that the cost is under $ 9 , and so not worth the customer 's hassle.So it 's fraud or theft - and I 'M FURIOUS . No way to contact anyone human for any help . Amazon LLC STINKS !
 I could not get interested in this book , or past the style of writing . Jane Austen is just not my cup of tea .
 My review is n't about the story aspect of the book , but rather the physical quality of this edition . It 's , well , crap . I do n't know what I was expecting , but this was n't it . As someone else said , it looks cheap . As if this was some new author who had her book printed independently . And the print is miniscule . I never complain about print , but this book is just dreadful . Tiny print and the lines are extremely close together.I 'm supposed to be reading this for my book club , but I strongly suspect I 'm going to be looking for another edition to use . I suppose I got what I paid for ; the quality of this one is just awful .
 have to admit , Jane Austen 's Persuasion was just ... pretty boring . The book mainly consists of the main character , Anne Elliot , hanging about until finally realizing that the man she really wants is a sailor whose love she turned away several years ago . Anne herself is not particularly interesting , nor are there the really fun , memorable characters like the father in Emma . The only dramatic incident in the book is one of Anne 's acquaintances taking a tumble and bumping her head , but she 's not really hurt and the whole incident is designed to help dispose of one of Anne 's potential suitors . In six months I 'll have completely forgotten what this book is about , but I will say it offers an interesting historical look at what daily life might be like in the lower-echelons of the the English gentry . It also demonstrates the high regard that Englishmen held for the navy as one of the few avenues for citizens of mundane birth to advance themselves into positions of power , wealth , and prestige.For essays , John Wiltshire 's `` Modern Interpretations '' discusses how , although the slow-moving and even mournful Persuasion was Austen 's final published novel , she was working on a `` high-spirited satire '' at the time of her death . Wiltshire also talks about a couple of recent filmed versions of the book . Maggie Lane 's `` Regency Life '' has an interesting discussion on the role of the navy during the period in which Austen was writing , as well as the use of seaside resorts as places visited for both recreation and their supposed medicinal effects . Caroline Sanderson 's `` Geographical Settings '' focusses primarily on Bath and Lyme Regis , while Josephine Ross ' `` A Modern Perspective '' offers an interesting portrait of Jane Austen 's own failed romantic pursuits and how that may have influenced her writing .
 Let me start off by saying , maybe my review of this book is not fair - I have , so far , only read about 40 % of it and was SO disgustingly BORED that I stopped & went on to another book.My first Jane Austen book that I read was Pride & Prejudice - I LOVED that book ! I was very excited to start this book , hoping I would love it just as much as P&P ... ; but I have the exact oposite feeling about it . I was bored in the begining , but I forced myself to keep reading thinking that it would get better . Finally I just could n't stand it & moved to another book . After reading so many good reviews on here , I will try to read it again - hopefully the 2nd time will be the charm - ?
 I studied this book in a first year Romantic & Victorian course which I did not enjoy . I found Persuasion difficult to get into and did not enjoy it . I studied an 18th Century Fiction course and enjoyed Mansfield Park and other very interesting novels . I did enjoy this course.I 'm returning to Austen because I recently purchased Pride & Prejudice and Zombies , and I feel it would be a crime not to read the original first.If I enjoy Pride and Prejudice I might just return to reading Persuasion again , just to see if I find it a much better read .
 The print in this book is very small and I find that my eyes begin to hurt after awhile . It definitely , for me , interferes with the pleasure of reading the book .
 This is the third book by Austen I forced my way through , but I must admit , I find her writing dry , humorless , dull , and always the same themes . It 's the constant talk about class , and who is good enough for whom , and the woman and man who just ca n't seem to get together until the very end when they admit their mutual love . It 's all very tedious . I do n't find a clever word or thought in her books . I only got through 1/2 this book , and then , in boredom , threw it aside for SINISTER STREET by Compton Mackenzie . Besides , there were many characters introduced throughout the novel , and I could n't keep them in mind . They were not at all developed as characters . They were relatives and friends , and I did n't care about any of them for they were not portrayed in enough detail to distinguish them apart.I guess , I will give up on Austen . My favorites are Trollope and Hardy . Sinister Street , so far , is superb . One really understands Michael Fane and his little sister !
 Chinese water torture ? Sounds like a welcome diversion from this boring redundant work of `` art '' to me . I feel for the trees that were wasted in the process of creating this horrendously boring soap opera in paperback . It is possible that I missed something while reading this work because I spent most of the time trying to stay awake . However , in the future if I want to read something of this caliber I would write NBC and ask for the script of their least watched daytime `` soap '' . In conclusion , not only do I NOT recommend this novel , but I pledge to do my best to begin an anti-Persuasion League , to prevent the widespread development of narcolepsy in high school students who are forced to read worthlessly painful novels .
 I must say Jane Austen is incredibly boring and all her novels are stories of women 's aspirations to marry wealthy and noble men to support them . Most great literature is so wonderful because of its timelessness , touching on universal feelings and ideas . While it may have been groundbreaking in its time , it is so dull now . We women have already established our desires of equality in culture and have already acknowledged at least an inkling of what feminine independence is but this novel is a back step . Also , it is so predictable . Of course all of the characters will end up married , and most likely to their man of choice . This book is dull and predictable and is restricted by its time period . If you want to delve into the past then maybe pick it up , but otherwise , it 's unexciting , and it still feeds on social classes and marriage as a woman 's reliance on a man for social and fiscal support .
 As it is written in old English it is very hard to understand what she is talking about!Imogene Blue
 I downloaded the sample chapter to read with the Kindle App for iPod Touch , and the line breaks were all weird . Maybe not a problem on a real Kindle ? I have n't had this problem with other books .
 I almost feel ashamed that I did not like this book , after all it is Jane Austin ! I loved Pride and Predujice , I loved Emma but I found Persuasion tedious . The characters were not interesting , the story rather disjointed and lackluster . I made myself finish it thinking perhaps it would get better , for me at least it did not .
 Like all Jane Austin novels , this was very class conscious , overly verbose , and difficult to relate to for a modern audience . It lacked the charm of some of her other books and the story dragged excessively . A long and wordy read , I would recommend reading `` Sense & Sensibility '' instead .
 I downloaded the sample chapter onto my Kindle and yes , the line breaks are strange . It does not read flush left to flush right , but rather like poetry in couplets . Which is ironic , given how poorly poetry line breaks are done on many e-readers .
 The language is so Old World , I found it difficult 2 understand . I read about 35 pages & decided Y waste my time on something so `` Drawl '' . It was written in the early 1800s & I just have a really hard time/the social ladder instilled during that era . I honestly do n't understand Y it 's getting such high * ratings .
 The story is good but I do n't like the edittion , is to small and for me is hard to read .
 i think this is the worst of the austen novels for me , alot of people choose this novel . as their favorite , my favorite,1-emma ,2 - mansfield park,3-northanger abbey 4-sense amd sensibilty , 5-pride and predjudice 6-perssuation , . i think this novel is dry , and not alot happens.although i am still an austen fan , this one is my least favorite.so i recommend , if you have never read an austen novel , please do not start with this one , i would start with her best known novels , sense and sensibilty or pride and predjudice and save persuaition for last . also keep in mind her novels are about middle-class or upper middle class girls looking for marriage .
 I bought the tape with delight , but found that I can not listen to it . Whatever producers do to reduce the hissing of the 's ' sounds , these producers did * not * do.Just the first few minutes of the first side were extremely distracting and irritating . I could n't imagine the actress - whose voice is really lovely ! - talking about the ` ssea ' and Lyme Regissssss by the second half of the book.I am sorry to have to say it , but there it is .
 I do n't know what all of you are talking about . I found this book to be boring , bourgeois and completely unsympathetic . I can not imgaine anyone relating to any of these characters , unless you are extremely rich and live in 19th century England.It was , however , well written .
 Jane Austen 's last novel , published posthumously , receives this year 's Clunky Boring Classic Award . Anne Elliot , on the verge of spinsterhood at 27 , is reunited with the man she let her friends talk her out of when was 19 . Lauded by the literary types as exemplifying Austen 's wit and irony , it 's really just a simplistic romance in which all characters spend far too much ink flapping their gums .
 I found the book to be a slow read primarily because the use of the English language is so different .
 When I saw Masterpiece Theater was doing a series on Jane Austen and her novels , I decided to read them in the order the shows would air -- starting with Persuasion . It was the first and last of Austen 's that I will read . She may well have captured the mores and social rules of the time , but she did n't create characters I could really care about . I stuck with it to the end and found the revelations about Mr. Elliot to come out of nowhere and the ending romance to be something we could see coming from the very start . I 'll take Edith Wharton over Austen any day .
 I am a fan of Jane Austen 's work , but this is definitely not her best novel . It was written later in her life and lacks the emotion and plot that are so captivating in her earlier works . Read ` Pride and Prejudice ' instead .
 this applies to all of austen 's books . by the time you get to ` persuasion ' you get pretty tired of it . same story lines , same themes , same devices . i read this book at the same time as dickens ' ` dombey and son ' . and after 200 pages of ` dombey ' , i never picked up ` persuasion ' again . i got about half way through before i dumped dainty jane . there 's just no comparison when you put them side by side . austen is really not so much a true novelist so much as she is some kind of prose playwright . her novels are really plays embellished by narrative descriptions of what people think and feel . they lack the full recreation of a physical world outside the minds of her characters . one is never even told something as basic as what her characters look like , much less how they dress , act or move . and one gets only the sketchiest descriptions of places and things , much as you 'd find in a play . compare this to the rich and vivid imagery of dickens or flaubert or proust and it becomes obvious how far short of novels austen 's books really fall . read any play and the resemblances to austen 's books become all too apparent.still , austen is a good writer . she just is n't in the same class as the aforementioned great writers .
 after reading P&P and Northanger , i just could n't slog my way through another of her books . but this one looked more interesting than any of her other works , so i thought , `` why not , i 'll give it a try . '' big mistake . by far her worst -LRB- that i 've read , but i still have emma and s & s to go , and no plans on ever reading mansfield park -RRB- . but i think it is safe to say i am not a fan of austen 's . she 's dull , and she turned an interesting idea into a dull book . i only gave her two stars instead of one because the premise behind the book was such a good one .
 It 's a shame that this book was not written by someone who had the ability to access the intense feelings and pathos that ruled Anne Sexton 's life . What was needed here were in-depth insights , an emotional full-color panorama of one of the century 's most intriguing famous people , the unfolding of the many emotional dichotomies that operated within Sexton.Instead , this biography is nothing more than 488 pages of sterile commentaries of the woman 's life and heady , highly technical reviews of her work . Middlebrook merely grazes the tragedies and disappointments in Sexton 's life -- many so universal . If Middlebrook does have an emotional observation about her subject , she well and erroneously hides it . I particularly took issue with Middlebrook 's superficial discussion of the abuses Sexton underwent as a child and then perpetrated on her own children , especially the eldest.I am not suggesting that Sexton , a child abuser , should have been presented as a pitiful creature , someone who should be glorified and admired , no holds barred . One of the book 's basic flaws was the absence of separating Sexton , the person , from Sexton 's poetry . As beautiful and haunting as her poems are , Sexton herself was a selfish , cruel woman who , despite every privilege and opportunity presented to her , was so self-absorbed that she cared nothing for her two most miraculous creations , her daughters , except how she could creatively and psychologically benefit from having children . Like they were her little science experiments , discarded at the slightest whim . That so aptly exemplified the driving force behind this woman , that it is a shame it was never presented in human terms .
 Obviously I do not think so . Sexton was I think more aware of the impact she was making and what `` turf '' was available to women writers in the Fifties . Same as today -- the body . Writing about her own body she could reach for universality . But Middlebrook is not willing to really examine her poems except to analyze their `` clang '' or rhyme scheme , and after awhile comes off as kind of dull-witted ; eternally pointing out that Sexton can rhyme . The meaty stuff of why Sexton became a celebrity , commanded high speaker fees -LRB- for her time -RRB- on such small book sales Middlebrook does n't go into . I would rather read the biography by Sexton 's daughter Linda if I can find it . I think Linda also forgave her mother for being sexual , later ; but I may be wrong .
 Patient records are privileged ; Dr. Orne justifies releasing tapes of Anne Sexton 's therapy because the daughter of A.S. approved . He wrote the preface to the book , displaying a rather passive attitude to the malfeasance of the therapist who slept with A.S. And does the end -- understanding creativity/a poet 's life and death -- justify the means ? Do outpourings in therapy tell readers about where creativity comes from , how it is shaped , the interplay of life and art ? I doubt it . People `` edit '' their therapy talk , too , though differently from their public utterings . Readers may be seduced by these secrets , hoping to find answers that can not be given , even -- maybe especially -- by therapists . I think the biographer overplays her hand , and might have done a better book without the controversial tapes .
 This book provides an evaluation by an educational and governmental researcher of the impact of several schemes of the 1990 's setting up voucher and charter schools - paying poor parents if they withdrew their children from inner-city state schools and enrolled them in the private sector . As previous school reform efforts backed by liberal-leftists had failed children , and as court-propelled desegregation led to White flight , many of America 's inner-city schools became so appalling that even Democrat-voting Blacks wanted the opportunity to seek private education - and linked up with Republicans to achieve that goal . Frederick Hess 's concern here is with the argument of pro-choice campaigners that the new private schools , far from threatening public schools by creaming off brighter children , would actually stimulate much-needed reforms in the public sector ; and his strategy is to interview heads , teachers and administrators in three public authority areas which allowed some degree of parental choice - Milwaukee , Cleveland and the Edgewood district of San Antonio , Texas.Regrettably , Revolution at the Margins says rather more about educational research than about the impact of pro-choice initiatives . Essentially , Hess finds virtually no result at all from competition with the politically well-entrenched public sector . Bureaucrats occasionally mobilized themselves to a little mendacious propaganda -LRB- hanging banners outside public schools saying ` High Standards Start Here ' -RRB- , to teaching test-taking strategies to children , and to mounting legal actions to cramp the style of choice schools ; but usually there was no action beyond verbal `` lashing out '' -LRB- for example at the `` racist and rapacious '' proponents of choice -RRB- . Behind and explaining such inertness lie the ` education systems ' of the -LRB- Black and Hispanic -RRB- slums with their low wages for , and high turnover of teachers . An area that * did * risk union wrath by sacking scores of teachers one spring found it had to re-employ them all , in different schools , by the autumn . Since only idealists and incompetents will work for low wages , yet need self-respect , state teachers would simply shrug off the arrival of competition and continue in their own favoured -LRB- `` idiosyncratic '' , says Hess -RRB- ways - telling Hess `` we have too much on our hands to worry about vouchers and charters '' and `` you 're lucky we 're here to provide this service '' -LRB- even when 40 % of state teachers had themselves stopped sending their own offspring to state schools -RRB- . Quite often , because of high pupil turnover in slum schools , teachers had literally no idea that their school was indeed losing pupils to the private sector . In any case , the size of the challenge in the three schemes studied was slight . Hess concludes that only really large choice schemes will prove sufficiently `` fearsome '' to make state teachers change ; and that , even then , change will be unlikely without background ` institutional reform ' needed for the last thirty years but never adopted - notably , giving heads the power to sack weak teachers . State educators are in an impossible position , apparently , after decades of liberal-left misrule . `` Imagine , '' Hess writes , `` a private sector producer whose consumers disagree about what kind of product they want ; who depends on the support of both consumers and nonconsumers ; whose executives are largely unable to evaluate , hire , fire , reward , or sanction employees ; and whose product is hard to judge . Any executive , whether Henry Ford , Jack Welch , or Bill Gates - would struggle in the face of such odds . '' Thus `` there was no evidence that competition bulldozed away inefficiencies or forced systemic efforts to reform policy or improve practice , as officials had neither the incentive nor the ability to mount aggressive assaults on organizational culture or procedure . `` Yet , as if all this were not depressing enough , Hess 's method of arriving at his conclusions will make grown men weep . It is not just that Hess 's ` research ' involves none of the normal listings of subjects interviewed , questions asked , percentages favouring different answers , etc. . Hess is content to provide the kind historical record of developments that could be , and probably was culled from local newspapers - supplemented by a few conversations of his own . This method results in pages littered with dollar signs , numbers and capital letters as the various outlays are made , as votes are taken , and as unions express outrage ; but even this is not the worst.A specialist volume like this should present , first , a testing of whether choice schools produce better end-of-the-year results for pupils than could be expected from their children 's starting IQs ; and , secondly , a testing of whether such value-added results occur with increasing frequency in state schools after the arrival of private school competition . How else could one possibly say whether either set of schools had truly been doing a good job ? Yet test results are scarcely mentioned in this volume , and value-added calculations not at all - and this despite the book being endorsed on its dust jacket by half-a-dozen worthies from the world of educational research . OK , since Hess believes test scores are largely determined by socio-economic circumstances -LRB- and never mentions education professor Arthur Jensen -RRB- , it might have been less problematic for him to ask the children and their parents if they became * happier * as school choice was expanded ; but Hess does not even consider , let alone use this humdrum route . Frankly , one wonders what hope there can be for America 's children when even a sympathizer with ` choice ' , as Hess apparently is , can not imagine and discuss a reasonable way of evaluating the experiment that has been underway in the cities . Hess is right as far as he goes
 This book is really awkward . There is some standard many body theory but no beginning student will be able to learn it from this book alone . Second of all there are some very awkward statements like `` fermions . . behave like non-local excitations because fermions can not be created alone . '' -LRB- p146 -RRB- While his line of reasoning for a particular model is decently clear , the statement about the nonexistance of a lone fermion is ridiculous . He makes occaisional grandiose statements like '' -LSB- his pet theory -RSB- provides and answer to the origin of light and fermions '' -LRB- p9 -RRB- . I find the calculations sketchy at best -- you can learn deep things but at great expense . overall i find this book to mix ridiculousness and obtuse reading with insight . I think it 's a poor book because pedagogy should be paramount in a textbook .
 I thought the time I spent on reading this book was wasted as there are several other books out there that explains the new age concepts much better .
 Fantastic books on Christian prayer and fasting are those by Bill Bright , Mahesh Chavda , and Kingsley Fletcher.I 've read each at least 5 times , and done a great deal of wonderful fasting myself.This book by Lindsay is nowhere close to the above 3 books .
 My son is a Breaking Benjamin fan and I ordered this direct from the photographer in October of 2006 . He took my PayPal payment , but six months later I still have n't received it . I have n't received a refund of my $ 19.95 , nor a recent email explaining the delay.The book may be very good , but they do n't seem to care about potential readers .
 Nice introductory materials , including market perspectives and a market analysis , and loaded with names of the famous and not-so-famous . Because of the layout of the chapters , however , you might have some difficulty locating a particular person in your search for an autograph value . For example , in which chapter would you hunt for Howard Hughes ? Aviation ? Business Leaders , Economists , Financiers , and Publishers ? Newsmakers ? Then again , why would I want to hunt ? A purely alphabetical listing would prevent quite a few headaches , or an index would end my misery altogether.Or would it ? Because unless you live and breath the autograph world , the abbreviations in this book will befuddle you . The abbreviations and what they mean should be printed on each page , even if in very small print , because locating the abbreviation keys -LRB- different in each chapter , it seems -RRB- is an exercise in utter madness.Finally , with all the advertising in this book -- yes , advertising , starting with a full-page ad on the inside-front cover ! -- it should be priced like a large magazine at maybe $ 5.95 or so . The $ 24.95 cover price seems hard to justify with so many ads -- including ads interspersed throughout the book , 24 consecutive pages at the back , and one big ad that dominates the back cover ! It 's a book-a-zine ! I 'll give Baker 's book two stars out of five for its comprehensive coverage of the autograph field , but not more . I 'm still trying to locate a few signatures , but with no index , I 'm getting tired of hunting .
 This book , by the prolific author Gaylord Dold , promised to be an exciting , informative , and insightful chronicle of a turbulent time in Germany 's history ; a time which would eventually give rise to some of mankind 's greatest crimes . But poor editing -LRB- or writing -- it 's hard to tell who made the errors -RRB- jarred me from beginning to end , starting with the first page.What jarred me ? Firstly , a poor technical knowledge ; i.e. , a Pistole ' 08 , called a P - '08 in the book , is a Luger semi-automatic pistol . Dold called it a ` revolver , ' which is not a generic word for a handgun.Secondly , a poor choice of words ; the author or editor apparently does n't know the difference between ` critical ' and ` crucial . ' Believe me , there IS a difference . Likewise , he does n't know the difference between ` poured ' and ` pored ' when used in the context of intense study of documents , or of ` tick ' and ` tic ' when writing of involuntary nervous movements.Lastly , there was too much gratuitous sex . WAY too much , described in unnecessary detail in an obvious attempt to make the book appeal to a mass market.Those things spoiled a good story for me .
 I was attracted to the cover of this book because it reminded me of `` The Girl with the Pearl Earring '' which was a book I loved . Unfortunately this book was nothing like that one , except that they both involve paintings.This book was like reading one long therapy session . It follows the journey of 12-year-old Richard as he struggles to remember something that has happened in his past . He is able to communicate with characters in paintings and they give him clues to follow as he tries to track down one particular painting that will be able to answer all his questions . It appears to be set in England maybe in the late 1800 's or early 1900 's , and he is a very polite and proper young man.I found this book very difficult to get through . For one thing , the author uses a lot of incomplete sentences -LRB- especially when the painting characters are talking -RRB- in an attempt , I think , to create suspense . The thoughts are never fully disclosed , but instead of being intrigued , I was frustrated . I could tell early on that the boy was going to have to remember something painful from his past and I even tried to rationalize that a therapist was showing him various paintings to get him to relate his feelings and remember the event , or that he was mentally ill and was imagining talking to the characters in these paintings . But I was wrong . He apparently was really conversing with them as they also able to relate their feelings when this horrible event took place.The majority of the book is Richard 's quest to find the essential painting . The final two chapters are actually the story . It wraps up the entire `` mystery '' cleanly and we presume that Richard will now be `` healed '' and no longer bothered by unexplained nightmares.The entire book is very innocent and clean up until these final chapters where we discover some mature themes have occurred , and that all the essential paintings were in the same room when these events happened . The concept sounds great , but unfortunately I found the author 's writing and style to be lacking and he just did n't achieve that story that could have been very intriguing .
 I must say that I absolutely hated this story . I describe this book with three words and these words are ... pointless and confusing . Trick of the Eye is extremely slow for the first 80 pages and then after that the story gets so mixed up and confusing that you ca n't understand it . This book was so confusing I do n't even know what the story is really about . And as and ending note , I would like to say that the first 80 pages could have been written in eight !!
 Although some of the ideas have potential , this book is very amateurish . The adage `` Never judge a book by its cover '' did not hold true here . When i looked at the cover , my first impression was slightly negative . Then i browsed through the book . There are so many pictures completely out of focus ! At first i thought my eyes were faltering , but that 's not the case -LRB- quite yet -RRB- . Go to page 61 , 103 , 106 , even the photo of the author 's son in the dedication ! This should be unacceptable , especially in a book that tries to convey suggestions and ideas for projects in a visual way.I did not care much for the romantic quotes and new-agey messages interspersed among the pages . Some of the projects look interesting and i might even attempt to try a few of them . But in general , i was disappointed with the quality of the book and would recommend that you think twice before purchasing it .
 Seriously ? $ 50 for a 50-page book ? I just bought a Bourke 's parrot , but it cost less than the book . Give me a break .
 Having heard this book was based on Henry David Thoreau 's life , I bought this book for my grandson . But the book is actually contrary to Thoreau 's ideals . Thoreau 's ideas are inspiring in saving our world today , which is getting buried in a moutain of non-needed commodities . Thoreau supported conservation and opposed anti-environmental practices such as fashion . In the child 's book the bear Henry tries to build a simple house but does it all wrong ; the little house is terribly too small . Thoreau showed how a person could live consuming little . This book laughs at a childlike figure who tried that . It would be better to read `` Walden Pond '' and tell the child about Thoreau 's ideas than to buy this book for the child . One can only say it 's based on Thoreau 's life if you entirely ignore his ideas and focus only on the fact he physically built a cabin by a pond . When my father -LRB- a lawyer like me -RRB- died , he had one book in his briefcase -- `` Walden Pond '' in paperback . It is a treasure , and , sadly this book is like a mockery of the book and a mockery of the childlike bear who tried to accomplish something .
 I should have looked at how many people were eager to sell their copy and not just the reviews I saw below!The story line had a lot of potential but the mystery was never developed . The psycic ability did n't jive either ... There was never any hint of who it would turn out to be and no reason for this person to have been the KILLER . The credability that this `` mad '' person could have fooled so many was beyond belief . That is for starters but even the romance part was purely physical and there was very little I found that made the couples work as a couple ... Several couples are worked on in the book but not one seemed to have a strong basis for a relationship ... I read the book through as I tend to do to see how all well it tied in but ... being a romance reader and I read about 25 books a month or more ... I was not impressed . My bet is that it is geared to people who like their men to be hunks , their women Barbie DOLLs and their romance HOT LUST ... and if there is a threat and he has to show cave man instincts to rescue her ... all the better .
 I have been using this system of bidding for ten years . I have played with a foursome using this system for these ten years . We have entered some local duplicate tournements and have never finished worse than second . The local directors do not like us to use Precision bidding and have tried to outlaw it or prevent us from playing .
 I bought this book based on the other recommendations on this page , but when I got the book I was pretty disappointed . It seemed like it focused more on selling cockatiels as a fun family pet or giving the author an outlet to proclaim her love for cockatiels than actually giving usable advice on how to care for and train them . Another reviewer actually stated it perfectly
 ordered in november and were almost half way through the month and still no book . was not very pleasedd with the urgency to send this book out .
 I bought this book and then returned it -- I was not impressed . It did not tell me what to do when my bird laid an egg -LRB- eat it I presume ! -RRB- . That was the main reason for my purchase.It has a large chapter on the cost of owning a cockatiel . I may not be wealthy , but even I know that its not a **** ing racehorse -- how much can it cost ? What a waste of print.Can anybody suggest a better book ?
 What 's with all the high praise?The difference between a classic and a piece of ... something that 's not a classic ... is its seeming timelessness . Time period flavors the plot , enriches the characters , places the action . `` Dancer From The Dance '' , `` Giovanni 's Room '' - these are classics . `` The Lure '' is just a dated embarrasment . The writing is amateurish , the plotting hilarious and the lead character is an early example - in a LOOOOOOOOOOOOONG line - of bad homosexual fantasy figures
 Wow . I just finished reading this book , which I purchased on the basis of all the positive reviews . I can honestly say that I WANTED to like this book.I WAS drawn into the book early on . For the first 200 pages or so I was very excited to read what would happen next . -LRB- this in spite of how a straight main character is written to view gay life
 George Bliss was a sadistic , power-hungry , drug addict , alcoholic with a ferocious temper . He physically , emotionally battered his second wife in particular and turned his violence on innocent children.He thought nothing of plagiarism and fabricating stories as this `` man ' was immoral , amoral in every aspect of his sordid life . Power-hungry , he destroyed people for sport and self-aggrandizement . He manipulated other reporters to do the work he was incapable of doing himself . He is guilty of entrapment . Aptly disguised as a derelict , he fabricated `` facts '' in order to close down a nursing home that was doing a fine service to the community.Early one morning he put a bullet in the head of the woman who self-lessly and compassionately that raised 6 of his children -LRB- 5 of them stepchildren who had lost their mother -RRB- as she slept . Then he turned the gun on himself.Had he with malice aforethought , murdered a stranger no one would dare embrace his mediocre at best writing ability.At present , he is frying in the depths of Dante 's Inferno - bottom level reserved for the foulest of demons .
 It should be pointed out that since the 1980s new information about Reed has come to light through access to Soviet archives . These sources reveal that Reed was another in a long line of influential Americans who were paid agents of one of the deadliest totalitarian forces in human history . This does n't tend to get mentioned when the NY Times and academic establishments praise this book 's greatness .
 Hard to believe that someone could take one of the most dramatic events of the twentieth century and make it this mind-numbingly boring . Written with an overly verbose , convoluted style , it just never seemed to get to the point . NOTE to future authors
 EXCERPTED FROM `` GOD 'S COUNTRY '' BY STEVEN TRAVERS ... The 1920s were a strange time . John Reed?s `` Ten Days That Shook the World '' reached a large audience in the United States and internationally . Many wanted to know why an entire planet could be thrust into war . In an attempt to address that issue , some decided that nationalism , governmental agendas , realpolitik , racism , class warfare , capitalism , Democracy , and corporations in bed with politicians and militarists were to blame.Nationalism was part of it . German unification and Balkan nationalism played a role . Governmental agendas and realpolitik always have played a role in conflict . Since Communism addressed the concept of `` one world government '' and a `` world without borders , '' some concluded that Communism offered the answer to these problems.Racism was never an original part of the war , but would emerge as an ugly by-product . The Turks unleashed an open can of worms resulting in `` ethnic cleansing '' and genocide pitting Christians against Muslims , Turks against Arabs , secular vs. religious . In Germany , an easy scapegoat began to emerge
 Although this book may be so brilliantly written by John Reed , I found it to be too laden with historical details , and even somewhat confusing for someone who is using this book to merely familiarize her -LRB- him -RRB- self with the makings of the Russian Revolution for the first time . The book provides with a glossary of Russian terms , events and political parties necessary to understand it but even so I found myself hopelessly stumbling through the chapters trying to pick up information here and there . However , due to my lack of knowledge of Russian history I was unable to piece together any of the information . So , in frustration I gave up and relinquished the book to somebody who knows somebody who is a `` history buff '' . From this experience I learned that if you want to familiarize yourself with a historical event about which you know truly nothing , it is always better to read a book which describes that event perhaps in a very broad outline form on the first page of the book . The rest of the book should be written according to that outline . A glossary of main events would also be helpful . On the other hand I do realize that most historical events are way too complicated to be approached in this manner . Anyway , if you would like to expand your knowledge about the Russian Revolution , I highly recommend this book . However , if like me you are looking to merely acquire a basic knowledge about this historical event you will get lost in its too many facts .
 I took Sheila Fitzpatrick 's `` History of the Soviet Union '' at the University of Texas the same semester `` Reds '' came out , so it was only logical that I would read John Reed 's book on the side . One had a hard time believing that he could be so calm and cool about the thuggish agenda proclaimed by Lenin , Trotsky , Zinoviev , Kamenev , Stalin , _ et al. _ Then , when the Berlin Wall came down and Gorbachev called an end to the Soviet Union , we obtained access to Soviet state archives . What do you know ! John Reed received payments of over $ 1,000,000.00 from the CPSU in the 1910s and 1920s ! Who else ever got _ more _ money , in current dollars , than this Communist agent ? Maybe I.F. Stone.It 's stunning that American publishers , etc. , still give this fellow attention even after we know that , as Solzhenitsyn says , over 65,000,000 people were murdered by the Soviet Communists -LRB- and that 's not counting the cost of their alliance with Hitler -RRB- . Amazing moral obtuseness at the heart of American culture.It 's a boring book , too .
 I began this book in quest of an accurate historical account . Perhaps I was looking for something this author never intended to provide . I found it to be thoroughly confusing and tedious . Just about the time I thought I was beginning to understand what I had read , I found out that I was farther off base than ever ! I 've read reviews that indicate failure to complete is not unique to me . I made it to 40 % . Perhaps upon completing other works I will return and see if this one makes more sense .
 I read a lot of history books and I just found this very boring . I gave up after reading 50 % .
 Hilary Mantel has a unique ability to tell a story through the conversations of her characters . The book is carried along by each character 's thoughts and words . This story told in the Irish dialect of its subjects , is at times amusing and often poignant , but ultimately depressing . Frankly there were no surprises in this story . It ground along with the giant and his retinue heading for their predictable end.After reading Mantel 's last book , Bring Up the Bodies , I was really disappointed in this one . She has certainly honed her craft since this early work .
 the reader from Hoboken reflects my sentiments about this novel
 I ca n't begin to describe my disappointment in this book . Perhaps it was simply Hilary Mantel 's writing style but I found it annoying to try to follow her train of thought . Often I was n't sure of the narration perspective ; was it O'Brien 's narration at times and then at others the author 's ? I 'm frankly amazed at the books apparent popularity .
 I began the book knowing that it was primarily fiction not fact . However was very disappointed in the overwhelming `` fantasy '' nature of the novel . Somewhat shocked as well at the portaitures - necrophiliac misanthropes - of the Hunter brothers . Students of history look elsewhere .
 I would n't mind the fragmentary style -LRB- which even the book 's defenders admit to -RRB- , if the book had heart . But it does n't . What it does have is a certain messiness and nastiness . And at the end , you think , `` Well , what 's the point ? '' The last line is good . Too bad the rest of the boook is n't .
 The gore , the language and the extremely confusing story made this a true disappointment for me after this exciting wait . I could not wait to get it and then really had to convince myself to even finish . I did read it to the bitter end hoping for a string to be pulled to make it all worthwhile . Alas ! No string . Just a disturbing story that did not make it worthy to recommend in my opinion .
 I am an avid King reader and have read just about everything he has written . Like other readers who have reviewed this book I found myself unable to finish this one . A couple of the characters are interesting but they take a back seat to the characters that are n't and King 's real strength , his ability to build suspense , is simply missing in this book altogether . You keep asking yourself , `` when will this chapter end so we can get to something interesting ? '' Eventually , I gave up looking for something interesting and gave up the book .
 I wish Stephen King would realize that he does his best writing in novellas and short stories and lay off the over-long novels which only fill pages . And please ... try writing a novel with no children in it . Look back over King 's novels and you 'll find he seldom gets away from this ploy . How about his giving us a nice 300 pager full of adults and maybe then he might be scary again . By the time I read the last chapter I was hoping all of the characters would die and Mr. Gray would win . Perhaps he 's killed his leg demons now and can try writing something less soul cleansing and more mature .
 THis had everything to be a great book about the good old alien theme . But King blew it.The friendship between the five characters is very touching , I really enjoyed it . But the book keep coming back and forth , the Kurtz character is so cliched , the flatulence stuff is atrocious , the ending is disappointing . And there 's noc lear explanation to what will happen . And it takes so LONG to finally understand -LRB- more or less -RRB- how the aliens operate , how the fungus work and why there 's that canibal worm.But King is such a master writer that even so I found myself reading it fast and anxious to reach the end .
 This was the ABSOLUTE worst King book I have ever tried to read . I always finsh his books , even when he gets a little to long winded . I was so anxious to buy this book that I bought it the day it was available . I got half way through thinking OH MY GOSH this has got to turn the corner for the better . A few more pages and I gave up . This was the only King book i never have finished . When King 's next book comes out , I will wait a few weeks and check out the reviews on amazon .
 I could not take this book after 100 pages , this is not Stephen King as I know him . This may be his Worst Book every written , The language was really going over the edge , Not even Clancy went this far . If you want to read real Stephen King read Bag Of Bones & Hearts In Atlantis , They may not be Horror but they 're good books and they 're better than this stink bomb . Grade
 This books starts well but ends with a fizzle . Stephen King obviously lost interest in the book . This book does n't begin to compare with Hearts in Atlantis or Bag of Bones . If I did n't know better , I would think it was written by someone else . I would n't recommend this profane , grotesque , absurd story to anyone . If you have read or listened to the excerpts , you 've heard the best parts of the book . I lent the audiobook to two friends -LRB- Stephen King fans -RRB- and they each gave up listening after two tapes . Yes , it 's that bad .
 Do n't get me wrong . I love Steve King and have read everything he has published . Have been reading him since 1975 . But I found this overly-long novel a poorly-rendered work filled with characters hashed-out and remasked from many of King 's earlier works.You 'll find many references , directly and indrectly , to King 's past works -LRB- ` IT ' , ` Tom Gordern ' , ` The Stand ' -RRB- to name just a few , while the plot reworks common King-y-ing themes of good-vs-evil . We have seen this book before
 Over the last year or so , I 've read `` Bag of Bones '' , `` The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon '' and `` Hearts in Atlantis '' . I saw a review - ca n't remember where - that said `` Dreamcatcher '' was kind of `` It '' meets `` The Tommyknockers '' , so I went back
 I hate to say it but this book stank . Not that Mr. King 's writing style is bad , I just suppose I want REAL EARTHBOUND SUPERNATURAL TERROR ! Mr. King , leave the psycho and alien storylines alone please ! I found myself quickly ripping thru the pages looking for a scare . Unfortunately , I found none .
 I guess I 'll be the first to pan this monstrosity . The first two hundred pages were n't bad , not scary , not thrilling , but not good either . Then the book started to fall apart for me and continued to bore me until , for the first time ever reading a Stephen King novel -LRB- and I have read them all and loved most -RRB- - I STOPPED reading and gave up . I did n't care about the characters -LRB- a very poor imitation of `` The Loser 's Club '' -RRB- , I did n't care where the story was going - where did it go anyway ? Big disappointment for me as I am a big fan of King 's . Not since INSOMNIA have I hated one of his books so much . I found it boring , wandering , illogical , and very UN-scary . The theme has all been done and been done better . King was way off this time . Maybe that Waterman pen he used sprang a leak .
 Do n't read this book even if the first 200 pages catches your attention . The rest of the book is drawn out , lacking energy and originality . The theme of `` alien among us '' is done to the death and this book offers nothing that ca n't be seen in other similar stories . Total waste of time .
 I was a big fan of king up till the shining and since then he 's just another get paid by the word hack.I got the loan of this book from a friend and spotted every single old idea of his that he 's recycled hundreds of times over ... The man just is n't scary and he 's oh sooooo predictable . `` HP Lovecraft '' . your mantle of the best horror writer this century remains unclaimed .
 I hated it . Bad plot , poorly delivered , terrible book . SK has written some really good books , but this one was so bad I have not read another SK since . I do not believe would even be published if unknown author . Do n't waste your time !
 Being a big fan of Stephen King , and having read nearly everything he 's ever published , I picked up Dreamcatcher on the day it hit the bookstores . At almost 600 pages it looked to be good value for my money , but I 'm warning every King fan who 's contemplating buying this book
 I really like Mr. King . I have read nearly all his books , and devoured them all . But for some reason , this story just does n't get off the ground . It has a great story idea , but no real direction and no real plot . I found myself dragging myself through the pages in hopes that it would get better . I have to say that I was extremely dissappointed in the story . Sorry horror fans , but this was a flop
 I originally rated this book a strong 2 but since Amazon 's censors did not publish that review , I now have rethought my rating into a very weak 1 . That 's not to say that this would change if we were using the old fashioned alpha grading system , in which case I 'd have to give this a resounding D - . We see in this novel King falling back on many tired and irritating stereotypes , the kind that Hollywood still likes to pander to the public as part of their empty dream factory -- namely , that all psychotic paramilitary types are Jesus freaks . This so old that it is laughable , if it did n't hurt so much that the publishers want so much dough for this lousy book.The story was trite and also did not go anywhere . Many hundred of pages were initially devoted to rambling stream of consciousness dreck , none of it making any sense , and most of it emphasizing trivial concepts and attachments . The characters were also too unbelievable , too goody-two-shoes . I sensed that perhaps Stephen King was trying to imitate Dean Koontz 's style , and doing a banged up job of it too!This all combines to make this book the year 's most immemorable performance by the late grand master of horror fiction . I 'm glad I reviewed this from a borrowed library copy and did not go out to purchase this tome . Yuck !
 I understand the author was not going through his best time when he wrote this book but I was very disapointed
 I gave up on this book at page 124 . It is coarse and the characters are not very interesting . The story seemed to be heading in the alien abduction direction , but I found I did not care enough about any of the characters to bother reading further to see what might happen . I have seen this book compared to `` The Stand , '' which was a very compelling read , and I can not understand why unless a whole lot more happened beginning with page 125 ! If you have an interest in owning `` Dreamcatcher , '' I suggest you check a copy out at the library first to make sure it 's something you want to read .
 As a huge fan of early Stephen King works , I had heard that this was so much like `` IT '' and `` The Stand '' and so I was excited about reading it . In my opinion it was totally vulgar and I do n't think that all that vulgarity was necessary to create the story . I found the book to be confusing as well , towards the end . There were times when I had to stop reading it as I felt sick to my stomach ... maybe that 's a good thing ??!! King is still in my opinion an extremly great writer but I thinkat times he tries too hard to be gross . All in all , I was disappointed ... hopefully the next one will be better ...
 I wish the man would just tell the damn story . I could n't wait to get my hands on this book -- bought it the first day it was available , made no week-end plans , announced that carry-out food only would be served for the following days while I plunged into the pleasure of a Stephen King . About halfway through the book I gave up -- a major yawn and somewhat irritating to try to read . I imagine Hell to be a road trip with this book being on the tape deck .
 As a fan of Stephen King for over 20 years , I bought this bookwith high expectations but have been heartily disappointed by it . Across between `` The Tommyknockers '' and `` Invasion of theBodysnatchers , '' `` Dreamcatcher '' chronicles the tiredworld of ET 's attempting to take over the world . Two-dimensionalcharacters do not help the story . I knew and cared about every singlecharacter in `` The Stand '' but I kept getting the relativelyfew characters in `` Dreamcatcher '' mixed up . Stephen King ` sfascination with secret government operations is also gettingold.This book reads like a first draft and lacks the carefulcharacterizations and brilliant plots of books like `` TheTalisman , '' `` The Shining '' , and so many of King 's earlyworks . I do not recommend this book .
 I 've been a fan of Stephen King since I was maybe eight or nine years old ... He 's produced work that I consider to be right up there with the best I 've ever read
 I love Steven King ! This novel , however , was a disappointment . I could not wait for it to arrive and begin reading it . It started off great and then for about two hundred or more pages it really dragged on and on . I was determined to finish the book to the end but it took me a very long time to get to that point . I found it confusing and boring for two thirds of it ; gripping and exciting for one third of it . The plot had so much more potential but something was definitely missing . I was delighted to see that Mr. King chose a young man with special needs to be the hero , that in itself was a great thing . Thank you for that Mr. King .
 I have to say that when we got the advance copy of Dreamcatcher in the bookstore where I work , I could hardly wait to read it . I was truly excited that King was finally returning to his roots and his fans with supernatural horror , always his strong point . The size of the book did n't daunt me -- I thought it would be 700 pages of greatness ! Color me WRONG . I tried to like the book . I kept reading long after I lost interest and emotional involvement . But in the end , I had to quit 200 pages short of the end . I do n't know how this book ends , so I ca n't ruin it for you . But I have to warn you -- I do n't CARE how this book ends . If you 're a die-hard King fan , wait till it comes out in paperback , then it might be worth your money . But for now , just wait . And do n't get too excited over it .
 I think I have read just about every book by Stephen King and I will admit that sometimes his endings are lacking . But this book was ridiculous . I had no idea what the book was about . I mean I had an idea but it had one of the worst story line Ive ever seen . I just didnt see the point of the book . He should have cut it down and made a really short story of it .
 This had to be one of Stepehn Kings slowest , most boring , most complicated books and was by far the most torturous to read.The first part of the book intruduces 4 friends who were in HS together . It introduces them each seperately in their current lives showing how different they all are from each other and also intruducing the powers that one of them may or may not have . This section was definately slow going.The second section follows them on a hunting trip where Jones nearly shoots a mean because he thought he was a deer . He takes the man back to their cabin and helps him get better as he is disoriented , sick and missing several teeth . The other 3 are off in the woods and run into a woman who has the same condition as the man and who was part of his hunting parts . She later explains and is afraid of mysterious lights in the sky which is later shown to be an alien spacecraft . During this section we are introduced to a mentally challenged individual was was saved by the 4 when they were kids , and it is also hinted that he has psychic powers as well.Finally , both of the travellers give `` birth '' -LRB- i 'm not even going to touch that one , read the book if you are curious -RRB- two a worm like alien creature that starts running arround killing and attacking people . Jones fights one of the worms and winds up becoming infected by the spores it releases , now making him able to communicate with them telepathically.The next section follows a military commander sent to quarentine the area , and to kill off all of the aliens who it has been revealed have been attacking and attempting to dominate earth since the 1940s . On the way back they find Jones and bring him to the quarentine area where the book turns into a boring muddy convoluted string of who is saying what telepathically to who . The rest of the book details manipulation by the aliens of several of the main characters as well as the human fighting back.This book was terrible was boring as hell and went absolutly nowhere fast . The end is typical alien movie ending , which can be spotted from a mile away . If you want to read this book read the wikipedia synopsis , that should be enough to get you through it , as the dragging slowness of this book is a nightmare itself to read.My opinion is eaither to skip this one , or to rent it from the Library .
 I 'm judging this book having read it once , waited a year , and then read it again , and this book did not survive the journey well.Every plot twist was predicted , every villain was a stereotype , everything , everything in this book could be seen in advance or simply mirrored some other book or story , and served only as a pale imitation of the sources it copied . The only good thing in this book were the aliens . Sorry , better luck next time .
 This book is certainly not one of King 's best . It has most of the elements that make a Stephen King book great but it is lacking something . Being over 600 pages long does n't help the matter.The plot is where the major problem lies . I 'm still trying to decide if this book was about a retarded boy with magical powers , space aliens , or four friends who could ` see the line ' . King tries to tie everything in this book together with the ` dreamcatcher ' and it just does n't jive -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- . The idea of the dreamcatcher is n't very clear and seems almost thrown in as an afterthought -LRB- or for a cool title -RRB- . Dreamcatcher does contain entertaining reading and it will pull you in at certain points . King is a genius at shocking and making you laugh , even in this book . However , there are times when it feels like a chore to read . This is n't a horrible book , it 's just extremely mediocre . It may be that I 've become spoiled by all of Stephen King 's wonderful novels . If this book was written by another author I may have given it another star but I must grade King by his own standards which are very high .
 Being a very loyal Stephen King reader , as I started reading the book , I was very astonished that King published this book -LRB- you have the freedom to write , but this does n't mean that you should publish it , right ? -RRB- The story starts well , you think something good will come out of it , but even after a hundred pages - a lot of things happen but - nothing happens actually . After around 250 pages I could not go on reading any more , I pushed myself several times to move on , but it simply did not work at all , and then I realized that I actually do n't care what is going to happen next , or what is going to happen in the end , and I do n't care if they all die or survive , because I did n't have any feelings towards any one of the characters.Stephen King is the king of making people believe the unbelievable . But in this work he fails in putting ` unbelievable ' things together to make a good story out of it .
 I was very excited to read the new King book , especially since this was supposed to be his big comeback to horror . However , with the exception of ONE scene in the book , NOTHING at all was terrifying . Not scary , not even a little creepy . King had 879 pages to work with and did nothing with them . Sure , the writing itself is good -- no one denies that . But he needed to get to the point a lot sooner . Master horror authors such as Bentley Little and Richard Laymon could have wrote this book much more effectively in less than half the space ! He rambles on and on and on . Maybe the reason this book is so mediocre is that King 's real-life car accident did permanent damage to his brain .
 I do n't know if you have noticed , but Stephen King 's best works have been ones written outside of the horror arena . `` The Body '' and `` Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption '' were not only his best writing , but they also translated into the best movies made from his work . `` Misery '' was also an excellent piece of writing , but the horror in it came from within `` normal '' human abnormalities . His best horror writing has involved , again , `` normal '' horror sources , such as vampires or haunted cars or teenagers with telekenetic powers . I have read all of his work except for the towers book , upon which I quickly bogged down . I read `` Salem 's Lot '' while working graveyard in a convenience store and have two crosses scratched on the back of my St. Christopher medal as a consequence . The man has power . Unfortunately , none of this power shows up in `` The Dream Catcher . '' No power , no imagination , no fresh material . Just a changing around of the plot elements in `` The Tommyknockers , '' one of Mr. King 's dreariest books . `` Hearts in Atlanta '' and `` The Girls Who Loved ... '' were both entertaining and well written . This one was a waste of time , both for Mr. King and for the reader .
 This is a review from the hard copy ... NOT an audio !!! I would n't use audio for Stephen 's books ... his writing is too intense for audio -LRB- normally !!!!! -RRB- and should be read in black and white !! I 've been an avid fan of Stephen King 's novels for over 25 years . I have n't read them all but have read most ... including The Plant online . I was probably one of the first to order Dreamcatcher as I was just so anxious to actually get my hands on a hard cover by King ... it had been too long . To say it was n't his best is putting it nicely . To say he 's always done better is , hopefully , saying that we 'll see better from him down the road ... or we 'll see the Stephen King most of us love and admire . Dreamcatcher caught my 100 % interest 1/3 of the way through . By 1/2 point , I was having a real tough time finding any enjoyment as his ` alien ' creatures and mindnumbing -LRB- mine !! -RRB- attempts to try to figure out who was who -LRB- & why !! -RRB- became such big distractives ... I could n't finish !! First time in my life that I could n't finish a Stephen King novel !! I missed the `` I ca n't put this book down until I finish it '' feeling ... I hope Stephen can bring that back .
 This book is certainly not one of King 's best . It has most of the elements that make a Stephen King book great but it is lacking something . Being over 600 pages long does n't help the matter.The plot is where the major problem lies . I 'm still trying to decide if this book was about a retarded boy with magical powers , space aliens , or four friends who could `` see the line '' . King tries to tie everything in this book together with the `` dreamcatcher '' and it just does n't jive -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- . The idea of the dreamcatcher is n't very clear and seems almost thrown in as an afterthought -LRB- or for a cool title -RRB- . Dreamcatcher does contain entertaining reading and it will pull you in at certain points . King is a genius at shocking and making you laugh , even in this book . However , there are times when it feels like a chore to read.This is n't a horrible book , it 's just extremely mediocre . It may be that I 've become spoiled by all of Stephen King 's wonderful novels . If this was book written by another author I may have given it another star but I must grade King by his own standards which are very high .
 I read , TommyKnockers , Thinner , Talisman -LRB- my favorite -RRB- , and others by Stephen King I dont remember right now . I was expecting alot from this book . This book was nothing compared to his previous work I read . I found it boring , and confusing , some parts were not detailed enough , and why did he have to go describe exactly what EVERYBODY is thinking ? Some of the characters were typical , and predictable . Most of all , I hate books that seem like they could become cheesy `` made for tv '' movies .
 I bought this book hoping that it would be similar to `` It '' or `` The Tommyknockers . '' Unfortunately , it was very disappointing . The story started out well enough , and the flashbacks to youth were very Stephen King-esqe . Even the 4 adults were somewhat likeable , even with their flaws . The middle of the book was muddled , confused , and meandering . I ca n't explain why , or I 'll be giving away too much . With the weak middle , weak overall plot , and basic confusing premise , the climax of the book ended up being unsatisfing as well ... Skip this one unless you are a die hard Stephen King fan . This book will not make you a fan !!
 I have been a fan of King for years , reading anything and everything he writes . From the description of Dreamcatcher , I had decided that I was not going to read it ; as another reviewer said , it sounded as though it had been done before -LRB- in both books and movies -RRB- . But I purchased it anyway , and found that my initial instinct had been correct.I could not get involved with the any of the main characters , especially since only two of the boys are in a majority of the story and the Kurtz character is laughable and easily forgotten . The event that happened when the men were young is uninteresting and weak . The storytelling is not the best ; I thought it was choppy and sometimes even confusing . I was just disappointed with the overall effort . I know King had the accident and wrote this one by hand , but he does n't need to publish everything!Why King would choose to write about aliens -LRB- too similar to the movie Alien -LRB- s -RRB- -RRB- after writing Bag of Bones , Hearts in Atlantis , and On Writing is beyond me . I thought a new King was emerging and was excited for his future endeavors , but somewhere along the line King got an idea for aliens , and unfortunately decided to go with it . This book should have been written early in his career , not at this point in his career . He is too talented a writer to tell a story about aliens and telepathy.Overall , low rating is for poor storytelling , poor concept , and for King losing some of that writing maturity I had been waiting for .
 Anyone you talk to will tell you that I am probably the biggest Stephen King fan they know ; I love his writings !! HOWEVER , I was greatly disappointed in Dreamcatcher . I found it to be very dark and downright WEIRD -LRB- not to mention that the language was atrocious even for Stephen King ! -RRB- much more reminiscent of Richard Bachman than the Stephen King we 've come to know and love of recent years . It 's my humble opinion that this book was SK 's way of lashing out at all the pain he 's suffered both mentally and physically since his accident . Want a good King novel ??? Pass on Dreamcatcher and pick up THE TALISMAN -- now THAT 'S a story !!
 There have been good ones in the past . The Body . The Stand . Bag of Bones . This is not one of them . And that 's okay , because prolific writers , like career rock stars , have to release some filler with the doozies.King seems to have been pretty miserable during his recovery period following the accident . We are here treated to his convalescent bitchery . If you enjoy lengthy descriptions of farts , of course , you 've found your bible.Overall , however , the strongest thing coming out of the book is an overwhelmingly juvenile worldview . The `` diabolical madman '' character , a mishmash of Apt Pupil 's Nazi general and Marlon Brando in `` Apocalypse Now '' , is n't mad at all -- just good at what he does . The `` innocent hunters '' are portrayed as feebly-minded as the crowds in `` Frankenstein '' or any kill-the-beast literature -- easily swayed and hardly free-thinking . And the friendship of our four heroes and their Downs buddy is not believable in any sense -- nor does it have the depth to carry us through 600 + pages of anecdotal proof of their solidarity.I greatly respect King 's talent . He can describe post-WWII America with an eye for detail that misses little and puts us right there with the characters . But when he tries to moralize or begins to ride the socially-conscious wagon , he loses his narrative thread and winds up sounding silly and empty . Usually , he balances these strains well enough to sweep us through a story and leave us with a quasi-believable sense that he has a healthily skeptical hope in the good of humanity . In Dreamcatcher , however , we do n't get the descriptive power or the narrative oomph . We 're left with ugly chaos and a kindergarten cutout view of the world .
 This is , hands down , Stephen King 's worst work since `` The Dark Half '' . Formerly a diehard fan , I have now vowed to never again spend my time with a new novel by Stephen King.Although shorter than some of his most recent work , this book rambles from page one , going on tangents that make no sense and have no apparent destination . The characters are bland , except for Duddits who can be best described as sickly sweet and who utters not one understandable word through the entire book . Every line of his dialouge -LRB- Ay ooo-eevviie-ooo ood urn ook -RRB- is immediately repeated -LRB- so as to be translated -RRB- by another character.The author seems to have gotten bored with his premise two thirds of the way through the book . What starts out as an alien presence overtaking the -LRB- questionable -RRB- hero 's body is suddenly revealed to be some kind of time-warp mind trick which proves the hero to be in control of the alien , rather than vice-versa . And how do the good guys escape and save the world ? Not by a clever turn of plot or inguenuity on their -LRB- or the author 's -RRB- part , let me assure you . It seems as if the writer has befuddled himself nearly as much as he bufuddles the readers and the good guys triumph by a conference call of minds and -LRB- from what I could tell -RRB- imagine the alien to death . All orchastrated by the ever sweet Duddits , -LRB- gag -RRB- whose dying words are `` I ove oo , Eenney '' -LRB- I love you , Henry . -RRB- Perhaps that line would be better untranslated.I 'm sorry Steve . It 's been a long and wonderful relationship but you 've changed . I have to leave you now , and keep myself company with memories of the good times -- those published prior to 1992 .
 Let me say at the outset
 Dreamcatcher seems to be 2 unrelated books -LRB- one good , one bad -RRB- bound in one volume . The first is about 5 childhood friends with a secret . The other is about a cartoonish military person who 's somewhat less believable than Yosemite Sam . When dealing with the 5 friends , the writing is affecting and absorbing . When dealing with the military person , the writing is excruciatingly , embarassingly bad , consisting of nothing but cliches , endless pop culture references , and melodrama that would make a 6-year-old cringe.Most astoundingly , the last 250 PAGES -LRB- 250 ! -RRB- are about an uneventful , slow-speed car chase that will put you to sleep -LRB- in fact , many of the characters in this chase ARE sleeping -RRB- . You might as well skip straight to the epilogue , except that the latter offers no satisfying resolution to anything , and by this time in the book , all the good elements/ideas have long since played out . It seems that the author had a great premise but then went on to write the book without coming up with anything else.Fatally flawed as a novel but containing a few hundred pages -LRB- bunched toward the beginning -RRB- that make it worth reading/skimming .
 On the recommendation of a friend , I read this , my first Stephen King novel . For the first 100 or so pages , I was hooked . But the novel began to drag . What starts out as the gripping tale of four hunting buddies encountering strange happenings outside their cabin , devolves into a wandering , unfocused and bizarre piece of writing . By page 400 , I had lost all interest in the book . But , since I dislike not finishing a novel , I struggled on . Unfortunately , by page 500 -LRB- 3/4 of the way through it -RRB- the writing was so terrible , the plot so absurd , and the characters so cliche , I had to put the book down . Whatever originality or imagination King once possessed is gone . He now relies on co-opting characters from other genres . For example , he names a sadistic , unbalanced Army General `` Kurtz '' after the sadistic , unbalanced Army General in Apocalypse Now named `` Kurtz . '' King consistently refers to movie director James Cameron , as if the two are enjoying some inside joke , which detracts from the story . While I did n't anticipate great writing , I expected first rate story telling . The writing was high school level at best . I 'd skip it .
 `` Dreamcatcer '' is one of the most controversial books I 've read so far . Therefore , I am going to separate my analysis to positive points and to negative points.Let 's start with the good news
 Reading this , I remembered why I stopped reading Stephen King several years ago . It is not simply that he has n't had an original idea in years - maybe decades - though that is a factor . Dreamcatcher is a recycling of bits from The Stand , It , Tommyknockers , and other novels , most of which were better - though Tommyknockers was pretty awful , come to think of it . Moreover , the characters are wooden , flat , cartoonish stereotypes . Kurtz , the villain of the piece -LRB- discounting the amorphous `` Mr. Grey '' -RRB- , is so predictably fascist and megalomaniacal he is almost laughable . -LRB- I 'm reminded of one of the most memorable lines from the old Dr. Who series
 I saw the preview for the movie last month and had to read the book ASAP . What a dissapointment . I was hoping for a good sci-fi book that at least explained something about the aliens . King cops out in the worst way in trying to explain where these creatures come from and why they come to earth . There are logical flaws so huge that really take away from the otherwise fine writing . You are left with an empty feeling at the end . Those who want to read the book for King 's writing , go ahead , but those who like sci-fi , avoid like the plague .
 I 'm a big King fan and I think the man is a great storyteller BUT . I could not finish this book . The farts and body function descriptions went on and on and on in the beginning then I became so disinterested after the bathroom scene -LRB- which was great classic King -RRB- that I became confused about what was going on because my mind started to wonder and everything ran together and I did n't know where the characters were or who they were or what they were talking about ... . It just could not hold my attention . I may try to read it some other time because I did pay for a hard copy .
 Take some good advice ! Find three of your best buddies , rent a mountain cabin and replace Dreamcatcher 's tainted mind infusion with wonderful memories deserving of the setting . Who wants to spend a thousand pages of time reading about extreme body gas and the `` f '' word -LRB- purposely not capitalized -RRB- repeated over and over again in every imaginable contortion , etc ? -LRB- I will always wonder how this kind of `` carrying on '' gets published in the first place , regardless of who wrote it . -RRB-
 I have read all of Stephen King 's books , both fiction and non-fiction , and was very disappointed with `` Dreamcatcher '' . I think the story was more of a psychosomatic vomiting relating to King 's recent accident and sounded rather morphine tainted . It was like a fruit salad -LRB- parts and pieces -RRB- of his other stories and lacked it 's ability to stand on it 's own . Sometimes less is better , and even though I love a long read , `` Dreamcatcher '' needed to be downsized and rehabed into something a little clearer and crisper.Why have all of Stephen 's books gotten progressively more infected with profanity ? I 'm not a prude , but knowing a million ways to rhyme the f-word and other crude language really does n't captivate me . Like the `` Byrus '' , this ran amuck .
 I have read and -LRB- for the most part -RRB- enjoyed S. King books for 25 years . But Dreamcatcher was way too easy to put down . I never got into any of the characters , which turned out not to matter since most of them were killed off early in the novel anyway . I picked it up again last week and read it one more time with a bit more comprehension . But still , the aliens were straight out of Roswell ... incredibly cliched.Remember the good ol' days of `` Cujo '' and the like ? Even though those characters were flawed , they were real people ! The characters in Dreamcatcher are extremely two-dimensional by comparison .
 What a disappointment ! The first section was true King , but later King 's muse dies . I truly wish he could have maintained the momentum as I felt deflated when I realized this book was going nowhere interesting . Discovered I did n't care what happened to any of the characters , so sadly I closed the book about half-way through and returned it to the library for some other unsuspecting King fan .
 I can read King 's work all day long , he is a quick and enjoyable read , but this book had me thinking that it was written to fill a publisher 's quota for 2001 . The character 's childhood friendships could have been developed more and I found the characters had no depth at all . I had to finish the book , but I felt like King forgot he already wrote `` IT '' and was trying to capture the same glory .
 First let me say that I have been an avid reader of Stephen King novels for many years , with classics like Christine and Salems Lot being old friends to be reread ever few years.I 'm afraid the same ca n't be said about Dreamcatcher . If I was asked to summarise the style of the book , it would have to be as the literary equivilent of a B-grade slasher movie , with bad overacting and plenty of gore to try and keep the readers attention.Earlier SK books have a depth that totally entraps the reader . The multiple layers and inter-twined stories of Christine , the charactor development within The Dead Zone , even the inner turmoil of Gerald 's Game.Dreamcatcher comes across to me as very shallow . The charactor development is minimal , the story line barely hangs together , and the bulk seems to be made of overly lurid descriptions of what blood and bodies look like . I understand you have a phrase in the USA describing this kind of offering ... something about Phoning It In ??? I will still buy his next book in the hopes he develops a bit more pride in his work , but this was disappointing .
 Two years ago I saw this book at a bookstore with `` The International Bestseller '' printed on its cover . I bought the book , hoping it 'd draw me into another world like many other Stephen King books have . But after 5 pages , I put it down because it was boring.Last week , I took the book from the bookshelf and forced myself to read it . There are a few fascinating bits within , like how Jonesy , Pete , Beaver and Henry met Duddits , but the book has generally been tedious to read -LRB- and I 'm only halfway through -RRB- . The massive amount of jumping back and forth through time is confusing . Some parts of the book just seem like rambling and fluff.I 'm a Stephen King fan , but this book is a little disappointing . I 'd recommend The Shining , The Bachman Books and IT to first time King readers .
 Hearing about the book Dreamcatcher from my friends , I assumed it was a great read and I look forward to reading it before ever opening it . After the first six chapters , the book was really boring me . If it were n't for the fact I had to write a book report on Dreamcatcher for my class , I would have quit reading it right away . A couple of parts were interesting , but the alien conflict was little to none . I guess you could say Stephen King caught the wrong dream to write about this time .
 I had a free weekend coming up and decided to pop for the hard cover price of Stephen Kings latest effort , Dreamcatcher . My advice to hardecore SK fans is to save your money and wait for the paperback.Plotline is such . We have childhood friends on a hunting trip who have a certain bond -LRB- remember IT -RRB- from their childhood experiences and space aliens who take over bodies -LRB- remember The Tommyknockers -RRB- with the storyline moving back and forth from the friends ' childhod to the present and the so called threat to the world from the aliens.This book , unlike most of SK 's previous efforts was not scary and even a bit tedious in places making it hard for me to keep my concentration much less interest.If you like to read about alien controlled bodies with a bad case of flatulence and something growing inside -LRB- Remember Aliens 1,2 , & 3 -RRB- , then this book is for you.This book feels like an effort to fullfill a contract requirement . It is a mismash of two of SK 's previous efforts i.e. . IT and The Tommyknockers , which I enjoyed and the `` Alien '' movies with Sigourney Weaver
 The Dreamcatcher started out great ! The pace was good , the content exciting and building and then BANG ! Everything stopped dead and this book got boring , boring , boring . Plus , it made me feel bad . Usually King 's books either excite , scare , or make you want to duck under the covers . This book just felt bad.The pace picked up some further on , but it really never got it 's rhythm back . I usually ca n't put a Stephen King book down , this one took me a couple of weeks to finish . What a disappointment . Stephen ... what were you thinking ? It does have a certain feeling of the book `` IT '' , a little Langoliers and a few other of his books . I felt like I was reading Stephen King 's version of the movie `` Aliens '' . I bought it because I buy all his books for my library . But , it was n't one of his best .
 -LRB- SLIGHT SPOILERS -RRB- I 'm a stephen king fan . I will gladly defend the body of his work to all the literary snobs who seem to foolishly believe that commercial success and mass appeal equal artistic compromise and marginal talent . I will go so far as to say that i believe that he will be remembered as one of , if not THE , greatest american writer of the 20th century ; not because he writes scary books , but because he tells good stories . William Shakespeare wrote plays to pay the bills , and they happened to be popular . His work has survived while most of his contemporaries , despite being more `` critically acclaimed , '' have faded from history . I feel the same about the majority of Mr. King 's work.But not all of it.I ca n't explain this book . I ca n't imagine what made the story seem worth telling to the author . I ca n't imagine what made it seem marketable to the publisher -LRB- well , yes I can
 I am a big fan of Stephen King , and listen to his books on tape while driving to work . The Dreamcatcher was 16 cassettes , and took me a month to complete . What a waste of my time ! The first half was great ; Stephen King has a way of writing that makes me laugh out loud . His characters were real , and their thoughts and interactions were very humorous . The first half of the book flew by . Then came the second half ... Slow moving and very complex . I think Mr. King tried to put too many different aspects into one book without considering some of the inconsistencies . For instance , did the weasel creatures hatch from eggs or develop inside a living host ? I never quite understood the connection between the birus -LRB- forgive me if I spelled this incorrectly , but since I listened to this book on tape , I never saw the word actually written -RRB- , the egg-laying `` space weasels '' , Mr. Gray , the Dreamcatcher , Duditz , and the telepathy . It was like Mr. King could n't decide what to focus on , so he put EVERYTHING in . The last half of the book moved so incredibly slowly with so many different layers of plot that I became bored . I finished the book just because I hate to start a book and not finish it , but when all is said and done , I wish I had stopped reading when it first started getting tedious . Overall , The Dreamcatcher left a sour -LRB- and bored -RRB- taste in my mouth . My recommendation is that your time could be spent much more wisely than reading this book .
 I have read every Stephen King book ever written and I could n't wait to get my hands on this one . Well , what a let down this was . Dreamcatcher was not a good book in my opinion . The start was great but after a while you get the feeling the author was just making it drag out to get the 600 words . This story could have been done in 300 words , it would have been better . All up I was seriously disappointed . The story line was totally unbelievable and way too far fetched . I did n't like it and would not recommend this book . It was n't in the slightest bit scary . Disappointing !!
 I 've read every Stephen King book . No lie , every damn one of them . And if you 'd asked me a week ago which one I thought was the worst , I might not have been able to immediately choose ; even the really bad ones , like The Tommyknockers and The Dark Half , gave me some amount of pleasure . Now , if you asked me , I 'd immediately tell you
 Like many of the reviewers here , I 'm a diehard , longtime King reader . He 's been my favorite author since I bought the HC of Cujo when it first hit the shelves , and last year marked my 20th year as an avid fan . I just think he 's a great storyteller , and love his writing style , especially his characterization.The first book I actually had trouble finishing was Gerald 's Game . After that , a few more came , and I was starting to worry King had finally burned himself out . Then the Green Mile restored my faith . Since then , there 's fortunately been enough titles that I 've really enjoyed interspersed with the ones I read once and put away with the rest of my collection , gathering dust . Unfortunately , of the latter titles happens to be Insomnia , and that 's the King book Dreamcatcher reminded me of most strongly.I am sorry to say that Dreamcatcher falls into the `` never pick it up again '' category . I really did n't think it was going to . All the excerpts I read online were wonderful , and I was starting to get attached to some of the characters already and could n't wait to read more about them . I was pretty sure this was going to be one of his better ones . I did n't have high expectations , but I did expect the rest of the novel to be in the same ballpark as the excerpts I read.At first everything was going great-I was getting into the plot , I could n't wait to see what happened next , and hoping nothing bad happened to the characters I liked . There were a couple of points where I got a little confused , but no big deal . A couple of plot-lines that involved events in the character 's past started , and I was interested to know what happened to the characters as kids . The narrative jumped around just a tiny bit , but I knew it would be explained later.Then I finished part 1 -LRB- about 150 pages in , I think -RRB- . Part 2 started and it was n't quite as enjoyable , but I gave it a chance . Fortunately other readers have commented that the narrative was confusing , so I do n't feel so stupid , but I started having to page back and see if I 'd missed something , or get the male characters straight . IT jumped around a lot too , and while I agree IT was uneven and bordering on sloppy in a few spots , it 's one of my favorites . 3/4 of the way through , I wondered if he had to rush this book out because of a deadline , because it seemed like he was desperately slapping together the plotline as he went along . I know King has said with many novels that as he was writing , he did n't know what was going to happen next , and the book almost wrote itself . I have no problem with this when the prose is well-written and I 'm drawn into the characters-some of the books he 's said this about were among my favorites . Unfortunately , it did n't seem to work so well this time.There were scenes in the character 's past that seemed to play a big factor on the events that were eluded to , but on a couple of him , he never went back and fleshed it out . I also wondered if he 'd handed in a rough draft , and since this was his first fiction since his accident , his editors did n't want to discourage him so they kept their usual feedback to themselves and figured it was better to put out the book , flaws and all , quickly and not give any suggestions to improve the book . I also get the sneaking suspicion someone in charge said , `` what the hell , it 's Stephen King and his first novel since his accident so it 'll sell like crazy no matter what 's between the covers '' . It just seemed to need polishing up , and I kept wondering if King just submitted the first draft the second after he finished it without even a re-read , and that 's what was published.I 'm running out of room , so I might as well sum up with what I liked about the book and what I did n't . What did n't work for me -- the character of Duddits and his mother started out great , but I ended up feeling manipulated and feeling like Dean Koontz -LRB- who I also enjoy , but when I want to read Koontz I 'll pick up one of his books -RRB- stepped in to write a section , and did n't try very hard.-there 's a strong theme of childhood and memories of past , but the novel did n't flash back long enough for it to work , and it felt incomplete . Several times I found myself paging back , wondering if I missed something . Nope . - what seemed like recycled material from IT and Tommyknockers , which is fine if it works , but it did n't ring true to me-too much of the plot being all over the place , too many places at once kind of at random-the whole ` Mr. Gray ' thing along with the character of Kurtz - just did n't hold my interest and bordered , I felt , on self-indulgent-now that I think of it , almost everything after the first `` act '' . What did : - characters I cared about -LRB- though not as much as usual with King -RRB- - the `` in-jokes '' about Derry that first time readers wo n't catch-the flashback scene to the first encounter with Duddits-the you-know-what weasels-almost all of Part One.So , if I had the put every King novel I read in order of my favorite to least favorite , this would n't be at the very bottom -LRB- Insomnia would be there along with Rose Madder and Gerald 's Game and The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon -RRB- . But it would be in the bottom 10 . I did n't rate this above 2 stars because I know King can do so much better.If you 're a hardcore King fan like I am , obviously you 'll pick it up like all his others if you have n't already . But I would advise not paying full cover price , and keeping your expectations low . . Unless for some reason you loved Insomnia , in which case you 'll probably have more fun with this book than I did . I understand that there 's bound to be some misfires with a writer as prolific as King , so I chalk Dreamcatcher up as one . Fortunately , I know there 's gon na King books somewhere in the future that I love and become some of my favorites . This just is n't one of them . Oh well ...
 4 boyhood friends meet each year to go hunting at Beav 's cabin , Hole in the Wall . Each is having difficulties in their lives and look forward to the hunting trip . But this year , a man stumbles into their lives and the cabin , missing teeth and time and carrying a frightening parasite that not even he knows about.This is not King at his best , but as he wrote this book while recovering from his near-fatal car accident , it is wonderful that he has written again , period . The book is frightening and , at time , gross . There are flashes of King brilliance in this book , but a lot of the 700 + pages are taken up with sub-plots and routine stuff that could have been left out of the book . I rejoice that Mr. King is still around and still writing - and recommend this book only half-heartedly .
 Sometimes it happens even to the # 1 fan ... It looks like king was trying to write a long episode of x files.And not quite comprehansive one.The story lose momentum as you past the first 60 pages . Even the attempt to tie the character with the dream catcher faild.Is this the same author of the stand and IT ? Does King become soft after the near death experience he had -LRB- i hope not -RRB-
 Stephen King just messed up here -- the book does have good points -LRB- the mental battle between Jonesy and Mr. Gray is probably one of the better bits he 's ever done , adn why it got 2.5 stars -RRB- but on the whole , the books is flatter than a can of soda that 's been open for a month.Normall , his characters seem to be derived from stock characters but then fleshed out and made better , more real -- here they 're not . Kurtz is just a one dimensional killer . He 's easily forgotten , and really almost comid and for a writer who makes his villians -LRB- and over all character writing -RRB- his strength , that 's fatal . With the exeption of Jonesy , the four hunting buddies never really get to grow on you , and neither does Duddits . With the main characters in a thousand page book that takes a screwup of magnificint proportion.The subplot involving Duddits -LRB- semi-retarded , and a sufferer of Downs -RRB- just feels ... well , too sugary to me . I liked The Stand , and IT , and the Dark Tower series ... so length is n't a problem for me , when the books is well written . But , here , the length is . There is some decent writing , but on the whole , it 's a cut or two down from his normal prose , several more from his normal character and plot development , and the effect is just terrible.The only King book that 's worse is Eye of The Dragon . Go read something else , and skip this one .
 What a disappointment . Nothing like my favorite , The Green Mile . Dont waste your time . Boring .
 I had thought my only criticisms of King were that his prose is a little flat , though he creates one hell of a fun read . I 've found even some of his sloppier sprawling work such as It and Tommyknockers to be compulsively enjoyable page turners . I 've been a fan since I was in high school nearly fifteen years ago , sometimes turning away for more highbrow writers like Robertson Davies , but always returning for the sheer joy and fun I find in King 's work . Not this time . The Dreamcatcher was bloated , the plot plodded like a disjointed thorazine hangover , the characters were not memorable and not even particularly likeable . Worst of all it was just plain boring . I found I did n't care about any of the people in the book , and this is the first time I 've felt that way about ANY Stephen King book . My distaste for this book certainly is n't me `` out growing '' Stephen King as a friend suggested . I just read the six installments of King 's `` The Plant '' that he had posted on his website recently , and it is everything the Dreamcatcher is not
 SInce `` IT '' King has been very hit or miss . And this one is a miss . His worst book alongside `` Insomnia '' . This one reminds me of `` Bag of Bones '' too . A 300 page story inflated to 600 + pages . There was some great writing but it lost me at about the 200 page mark . The stuff with the weasel-like parasites was great but once Kurtz showed up I became bored .
 Having waited quite awhile since King 's last release , I was elated when Dreamcatcher hit the bookstores . I read numerous reviews that praise it as a `` masterpiece '' and `` a gripping title . '' However compelling , the reviewers neglected to mention the vulgarity , bathroom humor , and cliched subplots that pepper the book 's contents . Not only is the dialog extremely redundant , but the books references to the past experiences of the main characters are limited to a few short anecdotes which seem to be repeated every other page . Even the main plot of the book is relatively obscure , and throughout most of the book there is no sense of urgency that King is apparently trying to express . After reading this six hundred page book , I realize it could have been written with a third of those pages . When you do put this exciting thriller down , I hope it 's in the trash .
 It 's too long , much too long , for the story . The characters are thinly drawn , the portrayal of Duddits is hopelessly sentimental , Kurtz is a stereotype and a cliche , the biology of the aliens makes little sense , nor does the connection between the four friends and Duddits -LRB- we never quite know just what Duddits has been doing , if anything -RRB- and it all has a hangdog , been-there-done-that feel . ...
 i did n't like the story at all iam not a big fan of scary moviesi felt that the book was very confusing it had you going back and forth from the past to present then back to the past again . i give the book one thumb down .
 Stephen King is a great author . I felt like he should had written a better book . I watch his movies and stuff , but I ca n't read any books if his . This book started out with four close friends going back in their past to survive . I got confuse after that whole part . I would n't have read this book until someone special picked it out for the whole class.That 's my personal reaction after I read it .
 I love a good horror book & this was not it . This was a total waste of time . I had to force myself to finish it only so I would know what people are talking about . A book has to be really bad for me not to finish it . I found it really stupid with all the belching & flatulance although I imagine teens will really like that part of it .
 Sorry , but this book does n't live up to the name of the author.In this work , King almost undermines the existence of extraterriatrals by vulgarizing their intelligence into some mass-produced weazel horror movie that has become so clich&eacute;.Probably written during one of King 's bored periods ... Only two stars .
 I think Mr. King suffered brain damage in his recent accident . This novel starts out with a great idea and then becomes an un-readable jumble .
 Just curious , but , am I the only person who was offended by the repeated advertising in this book ? There are at least five references to specific products such as a semi-popular bottled water , Napa or some such thing.Why do we need to be subjected to advertising while reading a Stephen King novel ? Is he so financially strapped that he has to do that crap?I 'm disappointed not only in how King took a storyline that is more than a cliche , wrote a bad book , but also had the gall to make us read ads throughout it as well.It is sad to see King use the same formula that he has used a number of times before , big threat to human existence , some gifted person or persons who may or may not be able to overcome the threat , one of whom is extra special , then , lo and behold , the world is saved . Does he use the same outline for these stories now?What do YOU think ?
 I am an avid fan . I have read each and every book that King has written . This book was a TOTAL disappointment ! I was so excited when I noticed his book in the bookstore . I purchased it immediately . Well , I ca n't get past the first 100 pages .
 I have read almost all of Mr. King 's novels and liked most of them , but this one seems a little splattered . The premise , aliens in New England , seems interesting enough , but somewhere along the way , I kept losing interest , skipping ahead pages and not really caring what happened to most of the characters . I do n't think this one is up the standard I associate with Steven King novels .
 I consider myself a big King fan however this I will erase from my memory . I did find some parts of the book interested like the relationship of the friends , how they cared for Dudits and how they had all been friends for years . I loved the story until the guy with bad farts came along . I am not into aliens and do not find story lines along that nature very exciting but I thought King would pull it off . To me , it was just like any other Alien story ... a bit more creative and gross but not anything I wanted to read . I did n't even finish the book because it was getting too ridiculous .
 IT WAS SAID IF YOU LIKE BAG OF BONES YOU WOULD LOVE DREAMCATCHER . WELL , I DO NOT AGREE . I READ BAG OF BONES IN A MATTER OF DAYS , IT HAS BEEN A MONTH AND I STILL CAN NOT GET INTO DREAMCATCHER . IT IS VERY SLOW AND DOES NOT SEEM TO PICK UP ANYWHERE . NOT AMONG THE BEST KING BOOKS I HAVE READ .
 Like many others I am a big fan of Stephen King . Most of his books are terrific but `` Dreamcatcher '' joins his other two bombs , `` The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon '' and `` The Talisman '' . The first part of the book is well written but it later deteriorates into gibberish . I had a hard time telling who was in who 's mind or who was doing what to which when . As someone once said `` In every fat book there 's a thin book trying to get out '' . King claims to have written this whole book with a fountain pen . I hope he has gotten over his writer 's cramp by now so he can start on a better book up to his usual higher standard . Think thin -LRB- or is it `` Thinner '' .
 I have read a few Steven King novels , but this one just did not do it for me . I normally do not read novels dealing with Science Fiction , but it did sound a little interesting . After reading the first chapter I completely lost interest in it . After reading further , I disliked the book more and more . The book jumped around too much , I could not follow the content at times . In my opinion , King is an excellent writer , but this one was not one of his best .
 In some funny way , this is absurd humor . Horror it ai n't . Grasping at straws , it gets boring , so humorous it also ai n't . So what 's the point ? I guess living up there in Maine , a body 's got to do SOMETHING to while away the time .
 Do n't know WHAT the Amazon.com reviewer read but this is a book to lament , not for fans to rejoice over ! King -LRB- as we all know -RRB- is a fantastic writer but somehow when he tries to delve into science fiction/invaders from outer space he simply falls flat on his face . Tommyknockers was my least favorite novel of his - but now this one is a tight contentder for that designation . The first half of the book just drug on terribly between jumping between characters and flashbacks -- I really kept losing interest and having to walk away and at times forcing myself to go back to it hoping it would pick up . From reading all the advance reviews I think everyone knows about the `` implants '' but it takes almost 300 pages before the aliens even make their first appearance ! For me , the second half involivng the military pursuit of the alien inhabited character was the best part . That was when some of the old King suspense shone through -LRB- although you never had ANY doubt about what the end result was going to be -- unfortunately predictable in that area -RRB- Finally , do n't pick up this book , as others seem to have , thinking it is some sort of sequel to `` IT '' or even the clown . Except for a VERY fleeting reference to child disapparences in Derry during one of the flashbacks you wo n't find any more talk of that story . Final thought ... PLEASE do n't let there be a sequel to THIS book as was alluded to in the end of the story . If so , it would be the very first King book that I would decide not to spend money on .
 I am a big Stephen King fan and have all his books . However this one was hard to finish . About half way through I almost gave up . It is hard to follow and sometimes you have no idea what he is talking about . The book started out great but , it 's easy to get confused with all the characters and their thoughts . I am very disappointed as I always look forward to his next book . Maybe Mr. King should go more for quality instead of quantity .
 Too bad it 's over 600 . This book becomes the most monotonous of Stephen King 's career . I have read all of his novels , and this is one of his worst . The only thing that saves it from being THEE worst -LRB- that honor still belongs to the overrated Christine -RRB- is the first 200 pages , which are gory , over-the-top fun . The rest of the book comes off as both trite and pretentious , at the same time . The characters are developed fairly well in the first 200 pages , and then go no where . The character of Kurtz is the ultimate cliche , and having him sucking up a large part of the last 200 pages was a BIG mistake . The extended chase at the end is tedious , not at all frightening , and turns a novel that started out excellent into an absolute disaster .
 I was very disappointed in the latest novel from MR. King . I found it way to long and convoluted . I wonder if he is being paid by the word . I also have this same problem with Tom Clancy 's more recent works . In Mr. Kings case his best works were his earlier creations . The dreamcatcher for me was just a bad dream .
 Do n't get me wrong , because I really enjoy Mr. King 's books , but `` Dreamcatcher '' did not grab me . -LRB- not like `` Salem 's Lot '' did when I was afraid for the sun to go down -RRB- The story line is boring and too long . I struggled to get through it . Sorry , but all I can say is `` Bring back the vampires ! ''
 Do n't get me wrong , I love Stephen King . I own most of his stuff and have been working on reading everything of his for years now . But this one just does n't cut it for me . It 's boring and hard to follow compared with his other stuff . If you 've never read King before and are trying to pick a book of his to start out with , avoid this one . He has plenty of others that will blow your mind .
 This is the most boring book I have ever read . I have never skipped pages while reading a book but this book is so annoying I skipped pages in between and still could keep track of what 's happening .
 I eventuially received the item . This was the longest I have have waited for a product from amazon . I contacted customer service and I did not receive a reply . However I did get the item .
 Like many of the reviewers I am a big Stephen King fan . His horror stories always had likeable characters who made you care about their survival . Yes , Henry , Pete , and Jonesy were appealing although you hardly got to know them before they were killed off or taken over by the alien in one way or another . Beav was mostly a collection of bad language that seemed excessive -- yes , we get it - he swears a lot but he 's really a sweet guy . Duddits was interesting although not particularly so until the end . His mom was nice but she was very peripheral.All the bouncing back and forth between Kurtz -LRB- what a cliche -RRB- and the military crowd and the four protagonists and their flashbacks got so irritating I was ready to throw the book against the wall a third of the way through . But I slogged on.I understood early on that Kurtz was your sterotypical over the top military psychopath that we 've seen in a dozen movies . The allusion to Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' was just too cute . His manic diatribes got exceedingly tiresome . We get that he is one crazy dude -- no need for overkill . His story was not particularly interesting since he was such a one dimensional character nor did it move along the central plot line of alien invasion.Towards the end I got interested in the book but in general it seemed to be mostly a collection of disgusting and/or painful incidents tied together with a confusing and tiresome mishmash of flashbacks , telepathic visions , and two and a half story lines.I sincerely regret that Mr. King had to suffer through the aftermath of a terrible and senseless hit and run accident . I hope `` Dreamcatcher '' was a catharsis for him during a painful time . It wo n't be a book I will likely reread and I wo n't recommend it to King fans .
 Several of Stephen King 's novels and stories have been filmed . Arguably , the best are Director Frank Darabont 's versions of the novella Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption -LRB- The Shawshank Redemption -RRB- and the serial novel The Green Mile . Darabont 's genius is that he compresses King 's wordy literary style into polished scripts that give just enough detail to carry the story . Stephen King is a master of the story , whether working in his traditional horror genre or moving into more subtle fields . As King himself has admitted -LRB- `` I have this disease , literary elephantiasis '' -RRB- his work suffers from overwriting . Nowhere is this more evident than in Dreamcatcher . The story line is simple and elegant
 This book had the ability to be something truely amazing . With well rounded charactors and an enticing plot ... and S ** t weasels ?!?! The story took a huge dive and pluged in to the territory of a horrid B-movie plot line . It had the feel of a split personality one side the chance to be a intelegent classic ... and the other a freakish dead weight draging the story down in to the neither world of a bad read . I wish I had stopped reading before the downward plunge of plot so that i could still appricate the charators with out shuddering .
 I bought this book with great enthusiasm . The New York Times book review was great . But , in contrast , I found the novel to be confusing , boring and retro . Retro ... It reminded me of the segment King was in in the first Tales from the Crypt movie . Remember King playing a red neck whose farm is hit by a space ship and then he drinks the water and turns into a giant topiary ? As some of the other reviewers have stated , I also had to page back to try to find references to what I now was reading . This novel is a regurgatation for King . I await another Shawshank Redemption , Green Mile , The Stand . Mr. King , I love ya . But not this one .
 My only hope is that Steven King occasionally reads some of these reviews because if he did , he would notice a growing number of us who have become increasingly unhapphy with his work.My theory is that the author has an adversion to any form of editing . The result a 350 page novel that is bloated to almost 900 pages . Fortunately for the author , there are still a large number of die-hard fans who will always buy and praise anything he writes . I 'm convinced that Steve King could publish the white pages of a large city phone book and not only his loyal fans buy it , they would also give it their customary 5 star rating .
 In Dreamcatcher , four men , friends since childhood , are out hunting in the woods of Maine . A lone hunter stumbles upon their cabin sputtering nonsense about mysterious `` lights in the sky '' while being plagued with the worst case of gas ever imaginable . It 's Stephen King so you know what 's coming.The first third of the book is great . King hooks us right in and then beats a frantic pace
 I have read every book SK has ever written , and I must say , I was very disappointed in this book . The first few chapters , I thought , OK here we go ... but about 1/3 of the way through the book , I became disenchanted . This book reminded me of the Tommyknockers , the one book of his that I was not to thrilled with either ... I was very interested in the characters at first , but suddenly they are all mostly dead ... this book flip flopped back and forth with little explanation . Unlike IT , which also flip flopped back and forth , but that was very easy to read . I felt this novel was NOT easy to read , and found myself skimming over too much , just because I did not care ... which is very unlike me when I read a SK novel . Hopefully , the next one will be better !!
 First , I 'm a hardcore Stephen King fan . The man is a great writer on many levels , especially his hurmor and sense of irony . But , this one does n't make it . I think King is trying too hard to work through his emotions since he was hit by a van , and I understand that . However , in so doing he 's created a story that is so jumbled it 's hard to follow . And what 's worse , it 's hard to care about any of the characters . The story is all over the place , and one of the characters even has a near fatal run-in with a car . Plus , the four main characters , men who were friends since childhood , are too much like the kids in `` Stand By Me . '' I hope Mr. King can come to grips with his ordeal , and I wish him well .
 Like a previous reviewer , I nipped and nibbled at this book with only marginal enthusiasm that slowly diminished as I neared the end . The characters were more interesting as they each recalled their childhoods than they were as adults , meaning that the plot in the book 's present time was not that exciting . Poor character developement for the antagonists is partially to blame , but I also feel the story could have been told in a series of at least three books that may have fleshed out several of the characters along with the overall story . Try reading some of King 's older works instead .
 I thought it would be nice to read the book before going to see the movie . However , after reading the book , I do not want to see the movie at all . There are a lot of cheap thrills in the book ... the play on bodily functions , while funny , is dull after awhile . Duddit 's cancer and Down 's Syndrome seem somewhat overly dramatic , like the book is trying too hard . Plus , by page 200 , I can not help but feel stupid for reading the book . Nothing in the book is fresh or imaginative . The emotions that are supposed to be stirred up are unconvincing and uninspiring . Although the plot is interesting enough for me to want to find out what happens at the end , I feel like I wasted a lot of time reading all 600 + pages of it when I finished it . If you are a Stephen King fan , this may satisfy you . However , if you are not a fan , do n't bother .
 Critics jokingly refer to King 's `` loggorhea '' , his ability to churn out several lengthy tomes of new material each year , but the underlying implication is that this is one of the signs of his greatness . Pardon me for dissenting , but when every other novel -LRB- and sometimes several in a row -RRB- are of as poor quality as `` Dreamcatcher '' maybe it 's time to take a laxative and kick off the shoes for awhile.This book is cookie cutter King at his worst . Not only does he bite heavily from other writers and filmmakers , constantly quoting other superior works that deal with similar themes and plot elements , but he 's guilty also of ripping off his own material . We have shipwrecked aliens that use mind manipulation techniques to control humans -LRB- Tommyknockers -RRB- , recurring flashbacks to life altering events in the characters ' childhood -LRB- It -RRB- , an intellectual infant who turns out to hold the key to everything -LRB- too many books to count -RRB- ... the list goes on . Unfortunately so does the book . I suppose it 's King 's matter-of-fact storytelling that makes some fans feel every word that spills out of his typewriter is priceless , but it 's rather obvious to the more objective reader that very little he 's churned out in the past 10-15 years -LRB- at least -RRB- could n't use some judicious editing . Most of the back story in `` Dreamcatcher '' is mildly diverting but not at all necessary . Not to mention it smacks of that old `` Moby Dick '' ploy of heightening the suspense by tossing in chapters unrelated to the current narrative at key moments . Problem is , Melville employed this technique with expertise and finesse , rarely overstaying his welcome , whereas you get the impression with `` Dreamcatcher '' that King just does n't have much of a plot to work with and is padding out the opening segments with excess exposition in a vain attempt to achieve some sort of balance with the later parts of the book . This `` balancing '' means the novel takes over 300 pages to really get going.I hate to even expand too much farther on my thoughts here , since most people reading this review will probably be diehard Stephen King fans and the ensuing carpal tunnel syndrome will be all for naught , but when that `` 4 out of 162 people found this review helpful '' eventually appears above the byline I want to make sure I 've earned the right to protest -LRB- after all , rating a review is not supposed to be whether you agree with the writer 's assessment , but rather how well they 've elucidated their opinion and given someone who has n't read the book an idea of what they might expect -RRB- . So what else do we have here ? First of all , as others have already mentioned , King 's penchant for namechecking pop culture icons and including snatches of classic rock tunes in his work used to be cute and quirky , but after thirty years of publishing it 's now only indicative of his inability to get up off his laurels and try something fresh.Furthermore , though King has long been known for his realistic portrayals of children -LRB- particularly teenagers -RRB- , he also has a tendency to take advantage of their youthful uncertainty to make them do things that would seem plausible to an adult . In `` Dreamcatcher '' , the pivotal event in the lead characters ' life comes when , as 8th graders , they come across some high school bullies tormenting a mentally disabled kid and intervene . That in and of itself is not all that unbelievable , but the fact that they befriend this kid -LRB- Duddits for those keeping score -RRB- for life seems like an act of charity unbefitting these capricious youths . I say this because , frankly , Duddits as written is not all that endearing a character . I 'm sure his enthusiasm and baby talk were meant to be cute , but instead he comes off as a complete caricature that is bordering on offensive in and of itself . The bottom line is he 's portrayed as a challenged individual that would be more likely to be tolerated for his inadequacies than embraced as a joy to be around . Furthermore , I 'm getting a little sick of these `` innocence as salvation '' motifs in King 's work , but if it had to continue here he could have at least fleshed out the whole telepathy aspect a bit more , maybe explore the possibility that Duddits ' mental deficiency is tied in with his telepathic abilities , etc. . And speaking of fleshing out character arcs , one character 's drinking problem is mentioned repeatedly but only serves to force him into making one dumb decision that helps to drive the plot forward -LRB- deus ex machina , anyone ? -RRB- . Another character 's accident the previous year is introduced as a psychically tramautic event but only gives King an excuse to introduce the element of intrusive thoughts before the aliens swoop in and give them something of their own to think about.I could go on but I 'm held to 1000 words and I 've got ta be getting close . Hopefully I 've managed to convey the depth of inadequacies in this book without beating anyone over the head , but the various levels of failings in `` Dreamcatcher '' do warrant more than a brief `` thumbs up/down '' synopsis , especially in light of King 's reputation and prior body of work . I 'm sure he 'll bounce back -LRB- and forth -RRB- , but in the meantime he might consider the idea that not everything he sits down to write needs to see the light of day . There 's another book entitled `` The Lost Writings of Stephen King '' that I was perusing recently , and I noticed that the lion 's share of unpublished fiction was either written in his younger , pre-published days or in those first 5-10 years of semi-stardom , when his work was judged strictly by it 's quality and not just because it had King 's name on the cover .
 First let me say I love Stephen King . I 'm pretty sure I 've read everything he has written . I 've seen most movies he 's been involved with . But I have to tell you ... Coming from Stephen King , this book is a huge let down . I am definitely more of a fan of the `` old '' King.I admit I have n't absolutely loved alot of his more recent works . But to be brutally honest
 In my opinion , horror works best when it takes ordinary people , in ordinary situations , and introduces unexplainable events . It dose n't work when the unexplainable is just too laughable ... or in this case nauseating , to get frightened about . I have read nearly all of King 's works , and lately he seems to be severely running out of ideas , thus the need to reintroduce some of his old ones -LRB- i.e. the aliens in the Tommyknockers who affected people by having them lose their teeth -RRB- . The book started out just fine by introducing us to the four characters who came together on a fateful day that they saved another student from harm . But just as quickly , the aliens arrive and our characters start to die ! King then introduces new , much less interesting characters , and the book begins to spiral down into a kind of psychological morass of who 's really in who 's head ... BORING!All of King 's bad habits are here , the impossably flawed main character who sits helplessly doing nothing for most of the book , the long charactor digressions , mostly while in the middle of conversations , many of which go on for pages , the childlike fascination with bodily functions . I remember reading where King once said that if he could n't horrify his readers , then he 'd go for the gross-out . Well I did n't lose any sleep reading this mush , but it did leave me feeling sick when I finished ... and that 's not a good thing .
 Avoid unless desperate for a Kingfix . This novel blows a gasket in the final `` act . '' Up until that point , I was hooked , especially after two hundred odd pages of a gripping chase sequence . But the long heralded return of the Duddits character , while moving , is also a major let down . King is one hell of a yarn spinner and sustains interest throughout , but tale 's end is an abrupt fizzle , downgrading this into a routine X-FILES pastiche . DREAMCATCHER does not continue King 's winning streak begun with BAG OF BONES and then THE GIRL WHO LOVED TOM GORDON . No worries , he 's sure to get back into the groove in the future .
 King 's not known for tight , disciplined writing , and this novel is an example of him at his most careless . I have to agree with the reader who said he could benefit from a merciless editor . The story is remarkably thin for an over 800 page novel . It 's the length of a civil war epic , yet the tale is a simple one and involves a small cast of characters.It starts out strongly enough , with a series of vignettes introducing us to the main characters . We learn about their pasts , and there are ominous hints about what the future holds for them . This being a King novel , the reader can guess that it 's not good . After that we travel to the Maine wilderness , where the friends gather for their annual hunting trip . Things take a bad turn when they run into two strangers who are not what they seem.King does a good job here with a convincing depiction of male comradery . He also manages to find some grissly new twists on some old science fiction themes . After a while he begins to repeat himself however , and the story really begins to bog down . There are some plot developements that are just ridiculous , like the killer shrubbery in The Shining . One is a looooooooong psychic battle that takes place in a wharehouse that is supposed to represent one characters mind . It 's ridiculous , and undercuts whatever suspense King has going at that point.It 's something of a shame since much of this book is effective . Somewhere in this bad 800 page novel is a fairly decent 400 page science fiction thriller , I bet . Perhaps King should spend a little more time editing and refining his work before he moves on to the next thing .
 I love Stephen King . I have read most of his work and I was really looking forward to adding this one to the list . Sadly this book is probably one of the worst ones ive read . I have actually been a fan of King 's newer novels , but this is the first one were I am able to see the deterioration of his work . There was not a single point in this novel that I cared about any character . The plot not only has huge wholes but delivers a surprise ending that not only makes no real sense , but is contradicted many times in the novel itself . Dont waste your money on this book in hardcover . If you must read it wait for it to come out in paper back .
 I 'm a big fan ; I 've read everything of his that has been published , including his essays . The only book he has ever written that I did not like was `` Hearts in Atlantis . '' I eagerly awaited `` Dreamcatcher '' and grabbed it the moment I saw it . I was extra-excited becaise it is his first book since his terrible accident and I was happy for him that he was writing again.At first , I could not put this book down . Part One was fabulous , with disgusting aliens , fascinating character development , and creative , suspenseful scenarios . But as I began to read Part Two , annoying flaws in the text began to manifest and the narrative began to seem heavy-handed . I became confused by the many Jonesy 's and mind-trips . I stopped caring about the characters and felt that each had been given a stock `` Oprah show '' flaw by King -LRB- alcoholism , suicidal ideation , etc. -RRB- . The hit-by-a-car guy seemed like he was whining too much . The wacky military guy -LRB- Kurtz -RRB- seemed too much like the wacky military guy in `` The Long Walk '' . Characters started dying too quickly . There were no major female characters being given spots in the narrative yet -LRB- except for a previous chapter with Duddit 's Mom -RRB- ! And what was up with the aliens ? Two kinds ? I liked the snake-things but the grays were just not fully developed as unique to King 's imagination . I know King has a much better imagination than that ! Finally , I think the title of the book is cliche . It has the word `` dream '' in it , an overused word in book titles . Was the dreamcatcher supposed to represent the characters broken dreams ? If so , please !!! I do n't think I can finish this book . This will be the first King novel I have not finished . I feel bad because I really like Stephen King and I want to be a loyal fan , but this book is not to my liking . I am disappointed . He can do SO MUCH better ! I have faith that his next book will be great .
 Like many other people who have written their reviews , I too am a huge Stephen King fan . I have read 95 % of his books -LRB- including the first 6 installments of the Plant - which is excellent -RRB- - and therefore I have a lot of experience to draw on to say that this book is truly a disappointment.The premise of this book was exciting ... four childhood friends gathering together in a hunting lodge to bond and remember their childhood days and the mysterious connection that they had with `` Duddits '' - a child hood friend with down syndrome . However , when your started throwing in `` sh*t weasels '' , aliens , bacon , fungus , and a random car accident , and most random of all a Russian woman attempting to contaminate the water of an entire town ... it becomes tiresome . Because I had just read `` It '' -LRB- again -RRB- right before this I was truly expecting something of that caliber , but I was disappointed.What has always made Stephen King an excellent novelist was not only his ability to tell a riveting , story ... but was his ability to mix the horrors of fiction with the wit of everyday life . Moreover , the skill with which he develops charcters and makes them three dimentional has always been the hallmark of his writing ... yet he fails miserably here . With the concentration on the action of the army , and the aliens , King neglects to develop his characters as he usually does . We receive such token character development of Jonesy and Henry that I am shocked and disappointed to realize that they are the main characters 200 pages into the book . They seem very empty and token.Moreover , with all the flashbacks , all the pieces do not fit together . Its as if he had many different ideas swirling around , but they did n't connect into one all emcompassing story . King was treading on the surface of several stories , but not delving into the depths to tie them all together . The best way to describe it , is that it is a superficial read.Finally , King 's conclusion does not follow with his other works . Instead of ending that lays all the characters to rest , this story just kind of got tired , gave up , and died.I will end this review saying that I am still a huge Stephen King fan , and despite some of his more recent disappointments -LRB- Dreamcatcher , Bag of Bones , and Hearts of Atlantis -RRB- ... I will continue to purchase the next book that comes out , with the hope that the well has not run dry ... yet .
 I 've read nearly every King book written , and when I read this one , it was as if he cut and pasted old books together to build this story . There 's aliens , like Tommyknockers ; there 's childhood friends who reunite as adults , like IT , et al ; there 's a child with disabilities who has an extraordinary mind , like Desperation ; even the ending is eerily reminiscent of the ending to Needful Things . The list just goes on and on . If you like Stephen King and you do n't mind that the utter lack of originality , go for it . But be warned
 I 've been reading S.K. since 1980
 I never thought I would say this , but this makes ` The Tommyknockers ' look like a really excellent book ... this is not up to par with King 's recent offerings such as ` Bag of Bones ' and ` Hearts in Atlantis . ' King goes for the the gross-out in this book , and leaves the reader cringing with graphic images of various bodily functions . I am a big King fan , but I can not in good conscience reccommend this book .
 I love King books . I do . I was even given the complete uncut version of The Stand as a Valentines Day gift . But this book was -LRB- and there 's no nice way to say this -RRB- utter crap . It did n't even seem like a King book . Maybe some parts did but the writing style was very odd . I do NOT recommend it , not even for die-hard King fans like myself .
 Like so many others who reviewed this book , I have read almost everything that Stephen King has written . Lately , however , I find his books hard to finish . Yet , I stay with them and ususally find that it was worth hanging in there . Most recently , I expereinced this with `` Bag of Bones . '' So , I ran out to get this book the day of release ... which was March 20 , and I just finished it last night ... August 29 . `` Dreamcatcher '' is boring , plodding and just plain ridiculous . It is even difficult to feel anything for the characters because so many details get in the way . From a psychological point of view , the connection of the five main characters comes through , but it does not come easy to the reader ... you have to plow through too much to get to the connection ... almost like everything in this book is covered with the `` byrus '' that takes up so much space here . Personally , I think books like , `` Misery , '' `` Gerald 's Game '' and `` The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon '' and even `` Dolores Claiborn '' have so much more focus and depth psychologically . From this reader 's perspective , this was the least appealing Stephen King book to date .
 It took me a long time to finish this book ... not just because of its paperweight size either . But because it was simply hard to get through . It was such a poorly characterized novel that I had to put the book down many times and just sigh at the amateurishness of it . This surprised me greatly since many of Mr. King 's previous works were excellently done -LRB- It for example -RRB- . But Dreamcatcher was poorly developed and insulting in many ways.Most notably we never really get inside the characters heads -LRB- except for Jonesy and Mr. Gray -RRB- . But we never understand motivation or come to care about any of these people . When they die -LRB- which many do -RRB- , I just had to say , `` yeah , he died . So what ? `` I also think that Mr. King is running out of original ideas . He seems to be stealing his own works from the past and trying -LRB- in vain -RRB- to reinvent them . I saw a Twilight Zone mini-movie years ago in which Mr. King himself starred . He played a back-country hick who had a large meteor land in his backyard . When he touched it , he got this red-orange fungus on him that grew and grew and eventually took over his entire body before he killed himself . Sounds way too familiar to be mere coincidence . Also , if you 've ever read or watched ` The Stand ' you 'll remember the lovable but retarded man that everyone likes -LRB- `` M-O-O-N that spells moon . '' -RRB- and Mr. King seems to have tried to reinvent that character in Dreamcatcher as well in the form of another retarded but gifted man/boy named Duddits.But of all the problems that I had with this book , my largest concern was the use of insulting biogtry . Although the comments that Mr. King used came from the mouths of characters , since these characters were so poorly developed it did n't seem natural and only sounded prejudicial . Although I must admit that he left no culuture , ethnic group , or religion out in the telling . He equally insults the Irish along with the African Americans and all the way up and down the social ladder . Disconcerting.The story
 I just could n't wait to get my hands on this novel . I bought it on its release date and started in on it immediately , and I thought it did begin with a lot of promise . But , within 200 pages , I could really tell that King was n't up to his usual self , especially compared to his last full-length effort , Bag of Bones . In comparison , BoB was an absolute masterpiece . This is the first time I 've read a King novel where the main characters came across as flat and lifeless -- usually , if anything , he spends too much time developing them with back story , but that was definitely not the case in Dreamcatcher.The story moved along fairly well , I guess , but the final couple hundred pages were nothing but a long drawn-out chase scene . Heck , even compared to his early novel The Running Man , this one falls flat on its face . I honestly ca n't think of a novel of his that I 've enjoyed any less ; even The Regulators , which was developed from a screenplay , put Dreamcatcher to shame . That 's not to say that Dreamcatcher is all bad -- at his very worst , King towers over the pretentious drool spewed forth by the likes of Poppy Brite and John Shirley , but still , I feel let down.I ca n't remember the last time I read a King novel and wanted to get the darn thing over with , but this time I found myself trudging through the last hundred or so pages just looking forward to putting the book aside so I could read something I actually enjoyed .
 This book is not King at his absolute best like `` The Talisman '' , `` Carrie '' , `` Desperation '' . The plot is tightly woven as always , stays on the psychotic and narrow , like always , but there 's something there that teases the reader . In this novel , King writes like a tired , exhausted writer , barely able to fashion the tip of his pencil into writing a word . Some of the passages seemed forced , like King was prying them out of his head with a dessert spoon ! It just seemed remarkably unbelievable . This is n't new for King , but when a homicidal car started terrorizing people -LRB- `` Christine '' -RRB- , I was a afraid of my Crown Vic 's seatbelt , because he made me believe it . But with `` Dreamcatcher '' , he failed .
 After 30 years of writing , I guess Stephen 's ideas are gone ? `` Hole in the Wall ? '' What is this ... Sound 's like Stephen wants to write westerns now ! For a fresh taste in modern horror , I would suggest the new author Mark Ventimiglia.Mark is possibly the BEST KEPT SECRET OF MODERN HORROR FICTION ! His imagination is gripping and his imagery , vivid ! There are many stories in his book -LRB- THE RESIDENCE -RRB- that defy reality ! There is a tale of a ring that eats its owners fingers ; a story about a house that is possessed by a spirit of cockroaches and it makes a father whig out and slaughter his family using only sandpaper and a wire brush , there is an awsome Lovecraftian type of tale that vividly shows an innsmouth transformation , and a story about a declawed housecat that extracts vengence on its owner for declawing her . There are many other stories here too , and some poetry , as well as cool art work . What this author was thinking when he wrote these pieces is anyones guess ! FANTASTIC !
 Predictable , boring , and above all STUPID . I love sci-fi horror even bad sci-fi horror . But let 's get real . This is an unconvincing book that is a complete waste of time . The characters are predictable and stupid . After 15 minutes I found myself wanting to put the book down but had to read on -LRB- my bad -RRB- . I found myself wondering who really wrote this ? If it was King I was sure he must have alzheimers because he sure forgot how to write . The movie is even worse !
 I much anticipated this book but am disappointed . I hope that Stephen King has n't lost his touch ! I am a fan of his work and must say that `` Dreamcatcher '' is my least favorite . The story line had potential but it felt rushed and did n't concentrate on the entertaining aspect of this work . I found myself rushing through this book to go onto the next .
 Unlike other fans I really liked Bag of Bones and Heart of Atlantis . King found a new way to tell his stories , a more personal and authentic way - and the language really worked like a fine clockwork from Switzerland . `` Dreamcatcher '' is a step back . In many respects it is an old fashioned book , with characters -LRB- like Kurtz -RRB- who would fit into a 70s film about civil war in Latin America but are not convincing in the year 2001 and reusing ideas he employed before . The people lose their teeth and are able to read others ' minds as in `` Tommyknockers '' . Again we have a gang of children fighting against the bad boys who are still friends in middle age as in `` IT '' . But in the earlier books it worked ; it was full of life , gripping and full of inspiration . Now I had the feeling that King had to finish a book without having any new ideas . I ca n't understand that people say he is back on his best form in this particular novel . The horror in the book does n't work either ; just some images of splattering bodies without the atmosphere which is so distinctive in his earlier work . In `` Pet Semetary , for example , one had the feeling how it must be if a loved one is stolen by a terrifying power . The same strong atmosphere is likewise present in the first chapter of `` IT '' and in the gruesome Marden House of `` Salems Lot '' . To sum up , the loss of amtmosphere , combined with the sometimes rather cheap characters and the lack of new ideas made it impossible for me to finish the book . I 'm not an old fan , I 'm a new one -LRB- and still I am -RRB- , but I do think King should continue the path he chose in his most recent books and should not try to rewrite the old stories .
 I am a Stephen King-a-holic . I buy everything as soon as it comes out ... Even though there are few characters , I had trouble keeping up with them . Duddits speech patterns were annoying because I could never figure them out unless King translated . This is the only King book that I skipped over boring parts and had trouble reading to the end . I usually finish a good King book in a day or two but this took me a week because it was n't good . I miss vintage King -LRB- The Stand , Salems Lot -RRB- those were good books . This one unfortunately , is not .
 Stephen king may have outlined the plot but it was not written totally by him . One of the `` ghost writers '' was English.I read the book but I am getting increasingly bored with the mass produced stuff . Tom Clancey is doing the same thing . Supervising , not WRITING!What does `` fag '' mean in Stephen King 's own language ? . . Who in the US Army would say `` fag '' and why?plus there are gramatical errors that are indicative of a northern england person .
 I am a dedicated Stephen King fan , and I will continue to read his works even after reading this lackluster , disappointment of a novel . Despite my love for King 's work , I found this book to be a giant letdown . Just as everyone says about this book , it IS a lousy combination of many great King novels . It 's X-Files meets It meets Tommyknockers , without any of the excitement . I had to give it 2 stars , because King writes well as usual , but the plot and the actual story stink . I found myself not caring if the characters lived or died , and instead , simply hoping that the book would end soon . Unless you 're a dedicated fan , do n't waste your time with this , the worst novel in the King catalog .
 Anything the guy writes appeals to me but this one just did n't seem to hold together . A lot of good ideas but none explored or exploited the way it could have been . Really a mish-mash in which King , himself , does n't seem to know where the story is headed or why . Could have used a good editor , too.Black House is , so far , much more enjoyable but gosh , do I miss the King-days of `` The Shining '' , `` Dead Zone '' , etc. , etc. .
 Characters - one dimensional . Could n't identify with any.Story - Kind of silly.Execution - Overlong and overblown.Readability - Very confusing at times . Flashbacks within flashbacks within flashbacks .
 I have been a fan of Stephen King 's works for over 20 years , and have read pretty much everything he 's published . Most of his work is engrossing , fascinating , and hard to put down -LRB- most notably The Bachman Books , Cujo , Different Seasons , and Hearts in Atlantis -RRB- . ~ ~ I was looking forward to checking out his latest effort and I was greatly disappointed . The novel drags on and on in a very disorganized and boring series of events . The best parts are the flashbacks to the group of 4 boys and their special friend Duddits as children . King writes convincingly and honestly about growing up as a boy in Maine in several of his books , and this one is refreshing and realistic in those episodes . ~ ~ The `` present day '' front story , full of strange alien fungus and wanna-be `` Heart of Darkness '' style military escapades is just tired and sad . I had a tough time plodding through this book , when normally I literally ca n't put a King novel down . I hope this post-accident work is just a fluke and not indicative of a new direction for King .
 Once again in Dreamcatcher King has delivered the literary equivalent of 5 pounds of horse manure in a ten pound bag . I used to love reading King but his last 5 books have proven to be a great disappointment . He ought to give some of his royalties from this book to the Estate of Richard Laymon from whom he `` borrowed '' the evil aliens from . Does King even have an editor thsese days ? Belive it or not King we are n't all interested in evry thought that pops into your head . -LSB- ... -RSB- . I give this book the big `` Thumbs Down ''
 This book is little more than glorified toilet paper.Go buy some Charmin ... it 's softer , the words on the package are more interesting , and it wo n't burn your a ** when you realize you 've wasted your money.I 'm serious . This book is about aliens that live in your ... and look like red gold , legless weasles . Laugh , it 's ok ! ... I did ! This story has to be a joke . If it is , Mr. King , I salute you for your humor.If you seriously thought this was a powerful work of literature or even a slightly entertaining read , you 're a butt weasle .
 Do n't waste your time or money on Dreamcatcher . This is definetly not King at his best . This book should n't even be mentioned in the same breath as The Stand .
 The setup is by far the best part of this clumsy tale about friendship and aliens . I do n't want to give away the plot , but I was hoping that the four -LRB- five -RRB- friends would stay together and their relationships would deepen . Instead , the story fragments and turns into a tangle of cliches.While King 's trademark humor and descriptiveness are present -LRB- the reason it even gets 2 stars -RRB- , and some of the characters are developed well -LRB- Jonesy , Henry , Duds -RRB- , the whole thing reads like something you 've read before , only flimsier , more rambling , and less compelling this time around.The Duddits character and the flashback scenes are worth saving . Too bad he could n't have written a 400 page book and concentrated on that part , and left the little green men out of it .
 I have been a fan of Stephen King for as long as I can remember and I eagerly bought this book the first day it was available . I rushed home , opened it up ... and almost vomited all over this complete piece of offal . It seems that Mr. King believes that his past glory will make up for putting out one bad book after the other -LRB- see `` Bag of Bones '' , `` The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon '' etc. -RRB- . This is simply one of the worst books I have read by anyone in years . The plot , as such , concerns a group of men who constantly pat themselves on the back for being kind to a mentally-challenged boy in their youth . Not only are these one-demensional characters really proud of themselves , but their selfless act of kindness has somehow made them psychic ! This ability comes in handy when faced with a race of aliens that are not only generic , but force the reader to encounter a lot of flatulence along this novel 's bloated 600 page length . Convoluted and -LRB- even worse -RRB- DULL , `` Dreamcatcher '' is a book that deserves to be ignored by King fans and non-fans alike . There is still good horror fiction out there , but maybe King is not one of the masters anymore .
 Mr. King 's `` Dreamcatcher '' starts off in dank , dark bar in New England whare Beaver is going throu a mid-life crisis . He goes on hunting trip with his buds Peat , Henry , and car acident vitim -LRB- art imitating life for mr. King -RRB- Jonesy . They find a man with an alien inside of him . -LRB- or s *** weasel as they are called in the book -RRB- Before long -LRB- achully is it preety long this book drags on like you would not believe -RRB- they are in a stuggle to save the planent from aliens that occupy one 's body . This plot has never been used before has it ? Do n't get me wrong King is a great writer . His use of lanuge is only thing that made me continue to read this book . His charecters are very well-drawn aswell . You really get inside thier lives . There is some mysisism in here dealing with a down syndrome kid `` seeing the line '' and being able to see things others ca n't . His powers rub off on his friends . Peat has a great sense of direction , Henry can really real with his phsco patants . This book drags on and cantains alot of things and we do n't need . What 's up with the Rolling Stones song bit . The thing I really did not like about this peice of literature was that it skiped around . It was hard to follow . Not one of King 's best . I have no desire to see the movie .
 This is , hands down , Stephen King 's worst work since `` The Dark Half '' . Formerly a diehard fan , I have now vowed to never again spend my time with a new novel by Stephen King.Although shorter than some of his most recent work , this book rambles from page one , going on tangents that make no sense and have no apparent destination . The characters are bland , except for Duddits who can be best described as sickly sweet and who utters not one understandable word through the entire book . Every line of his dialouge -LRB- Ay ooo-eevviie-ooo ood urn ook -RRB- is immediately repeated -LRB- so as to be translated -RRB- by another character.The author seems to have gotten bored with his premise two thirds of the way through the book . What starts out as an alien presence overtaking the -LRB- questionable -RRB- hero 's body is suddenly revealed to be some kind of time-warp mind trick which proves the hero to be in control of the alien , rather than vice-versa . And how do the good guys escape and save the world ? Not by a clever turn of plot or inguenuity on their -LRB- or the author 's -RRB- part , let me assure you . It seems as if the writer has befuddled himself nearly as much as he bufuddles the readers and the good guys triumph by a conference call of minds and -LRB- from what I could tell -RRB- imagine the alien to death . All orchastrated by the ever sweet Duddits , -LRB- gag -RRB- whose dying words are `` I ove oo , Eenney '' -LRB- I love you , Henry . -RRB- Perhaps that line would be better untranslated.I 'm sorry Steve . It 's been a long and wonderful relationship but you 've changed . I have to leave you now , and keep myself company with memories of the good times -- those published prior to 1992 .
 I had to force myself to get halfway through . This book seemed to drag on forever and is more comical than anything else . I never bothered to finish it !
 ... not Wyoming . That 's just the start . That King , a former Colorado resident , could make such a blooper testifies to this book 's sloppy construction . Other critiques here have mentioned that the book reads like a first draft . Indeed , the editor of this book should throw himself on his blue pencil.The book is also derivitave ... with material lifted from everything short of the Manhattan telephone directory . A renegade colonel named Kurtz . An alien invader with an unusual life cycle and a disgusting habit of bursting out of people 's bodies . Of course , King tries to make this literary pillaging okay by naming the alien fungus `` Ripley , after the woman in the movie `` Aliens '' '' -RRB- , and explaining that the bad colonel borrowed his name from the villain in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness . '' In addition , anyone who has read other King books will see plot lines , plot points , and plot tricks that he stole from himself.Finally , SK shows the usual disregard for the rules of the universe he has set up , bending and changing behaviors of people , places and things to suit the plot instead of serve it . This is nothing new to his work , though , so I suppose I should n't complain . I knew about that one going in ... To the book 's credit ... I did read it all the way to the end , and King managed to get there without pulling a deus ex machina -LRB- like in `` The Stand '' and `` Needful Things '' -RRB- . What he does instead is almost worse . -LRB- SPOILER ALERT -RRB- In the final pages , all of the violence and havoc of the preceeding pages are blamed on a kind of beast within , even absolving the alien invaders of responsibility . Perhaps he should have just had Jonsey wake up to find Henry in the shower and the events of the last 600 pages a dream . -LRB- END SPOILER -RRB- I 'm glad that Mr. King survived his accident and that writing this book helped him recover . But this is one therapy session I wish I had sat out .
 Talk about a waste of paper ! Shoot , I 've read books that left me wanting my money back , but this one left me wishing thay used the paper and ink to print coloring books!Set in the wood , a bunch of guys who once saved a handicapped person from eating a turd are menaced by aliens . Some fungus grows , and a evil/crazy army general runs around playing Rolling Stones tunes , and by the end you no longer care what the point was.I 've seen the quality of Kings books as a downward slide after Salems ' Lot , so guess this is sort of the literary version of `` Freddy Got Fingered '' In other words , it 's so bad , sovile , and so poorly written that people are going to line up to throw more money into King 's pockets .
 While not the WORST King has written , I hardly think that any comparison to `` The Stand '' is in order . Some interesting aspects , but not as good as many .
 I enjoyed the parts of the book about the four friends and their strange powers , but once Kurtz and his crew came on board , it got hard to follow . It took a long time for the storylines to mesh . The dialogue is Big Steve at his best , but I think the Duddits stuff was a little overdone .
 I 'll keep this short , no need for a plot summary , just knowthat this book is not worth your time ! Luckily , I checked Dreamcatcherout from the library , so I did n't get taken ... . I plodded along for300 pages before realizing I was wasting my time and giving up . I haveread every Stephen King book published , and this is his worstever . The writing style is crude and bitter , he must have been on alot of painkillers when he wrote this one . I 'll never give up onStephen King , but do yourself a favor and skip Dreamcatcher ! END
 I 'm not too excited about this , actually . I thought this one felt a lot in tone and mood as The Tommyknockers , easily the weakest King novel of them all . The punch is n't really packed here , I 'd expected more . The first 250 pages were the hardest to get through.I would n't compare this to IT . In a sense of scope , it is , but on the whole ... I dunno.That multi-angled thingee could have been done sharper . This is just too blunt .
 As most Stephen King fans , I bought this book without following any suggestions , or reading any reviews -- just because he is Stephen King . I began reading this book over 3 weeks ago , and I finally put it down yesterday because after 400 pages , I just did n't care to finish it . -LRB- I read the first 200 pages in a little over a day -RRB- . Shame too , because `` Dreamcatcher '' began as such a promising story , written by the man who I attribute many hours of captivating reading . Not this time . Do n't bother !
 I am normally an avid Stephen King fan . I was terribly disappointed in this book . I had a hard time following the frequent jumps from point of view to point of view . Plus , I am not that big of a fan of the alien \ government conspiracy storyline . In my opinion , this was more cynical and more bitter than King 's other works . He has written much better .
 Mr. King obviously has a little anger to work out . In the first three chapters of the book , three of the four main characters are in major car acccidents , depressed , suicidal and just plain angry . While most people pay for therapy , Mr. King has obviously discovered a way to foment his anger about the universe and car accidents by writing about his own personal experiences , thinly veiled by the fiction the publisher prints.But the real problem with the book is not the story , the unfairness of the universe or aliens bopping into Maine . The problem of the book is simply that it is an ugly book . Characters in the book display no beauty , speak in an unending stream of four letter words and provide laughs through sophomoric stunts of farting and belching.I truly thought `` The Sixth Mile '' was one of the most uplifting pieces I have read . But obviously , `` Dreamcatcher has not caught the dreams of beauty and truth .
 For the first few pages I entertained the hope that SK might be back to something of his old form . However I soon noticed that no sooner had the story started to get interesting than King would switch away to another storyline , completely killing the suspense . The plot lacks originality and owes a great debt in particular to the Alien films . It is rambling and incoherent and I suspect that without the King name it would have never seen the light of day . He has managed the feat of writing a book which is way way too long yet failing to fill in many important details of the past which are hinted at all the way through the novel . The so-called plot twist at the end was just confusing and left me wondering why I bothered to finish the book .
 Why always so long . Good story with excellent ideas and some very well written elements . But seriously rambling in places . King seems to believe the quality of his books is proportionate to the length . Disagree .
 This book is NOT one of S.K. 's best . He is still a master writer , however the flashbacks every five pages got a little annoying . As always the characters lept off the page , but the plot is left seriously wanting . Do n't read this book unless you have major patience and time to kill .
 After Bag of Bones and Hearts in Atlantis , I was hoping for a truly well written book . I know he is still capable as the Green Mile and Wizard and Glass have proven . So what is this ? Not his worst book . Remember Tommyknockers or Needful Things ? But certainly nowhere near his best work . There is some great dialogue and neat concepts in this book , but not enough to save it . Wait for the paperback edition and save some money if you really must read it . I will not buy another King book right after it has been released . I am that disappointed .
 Review by Lynn Nicole LouisStephen King has always generated mixed reactions for me . I think his best form is the short -- he 's written some truly wonderful short stories and novellas . In my mind , his success with book length fiction has been somewhat spotty . Note that in this case I 'm not defining success in terms of financial gain , but in how much I enjoyed the book.The Stand is one of my all time favorites . Sure , it has it 's problems , but as far as end-of-the-world books goes , it 's top notch . Other King works have been less successful for me , and some -LRB- such as The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon or Gerald 's Game -RRB- were just downright bad.Still , I must be infected at some level with the King virus , because when a new book comes out , I dutiful wait for the paperback and then buy it ... Dreamcatcher tries to be a story about friendship and survival , but it 's worth noting that one of the main characters is recovering from a serious automobile accident , as was King at the time he wrote this . King 's anger about the event is easy to see ; perhaps writing this book is one of his ways of coming to grips with what happened to him . But we all know that good truth does n't necessarily make good fiction . King 's ... er , the character 's complaints , moans and gripes wore thin after a while.Overall ? My recommendation is to avoid this one unless you 're a King fan . It 's a long book , takes a big investment of time to read , and ultimately has a low return . There are a lot better alien invasion books out there.Lynn Nicole LouisRead the full review at www.SFReader.com
 I found that this book to be much like other books written by King , and it even mirrors King 's apperance in the 80 's film `` Creepshow '' , in the segment where King himself plays a character who is reduced to the `` Hemingway solution '' when a certain green growth overtakes his person and house like kudzu after a meteor falls . -LRB- Sound familiar ? -RRB- Certain elements from `` Stand By Me '' -LRB- the four childhood pals -RRB- , `` The Stand '' -LRB- telepathy and the end-game plot -RRB- and of course , `` TommyKnockers '' -LRB- aliens who make your teeth fall out -RRB- are also re-hashed in this novel . I feel that Robert McCammon 's `` Stinger '' is a better novel depicting human-to-alien transformations .
 This is just one more of Stephen King 's recent ramblings . It probably has a good plot , but the constant use of `` shock-words '' and vulgarities detracts from a good story . It is way too wordy and could have been written as a novelette such as `` Thinner '' . All indications are that this may be my last Stephen King purchase .
 Not even close . A group of early middle agers from Derry , Maine who as a group once did something really great as kids are back together years later facing something horrible . The problem with this book is that it 's far too long at just short of 900 pages to be just a Saturday monster movie in print . It also involves too few supporting characters for a story this long . It 's far from unusual for King to do grossout , but when that 's all there is to one of his books , it 's usually a lot shorter . When he does it in epic format -LRB- `` It '' , `` The Stand '' -RRB- , he does a `` Herman Wouk of horror '' number with a heavy-duty story and a whole lot of people involved -- the horror aspect is just the nature of the dilemma his protagonists face , the same way Wouk 's Henry family faced World War II -LRB- `` Winds Of War '' -RRB- and Ferber 's Benedict family faced social changes in Texas -LRB- `` Giant '' -RRB- . Another thing King should watch out for is overuse of school bully scenarios as subplots -- in this case , Our Heroes ' rescue of a retarded kid who was being picked on when they were kids . 25 or 30 years ago , society in general was a lot more sympathetic towards the weak than it is now . Despite the greater number of mechanisms in place to help the unfortunate , there tends to be a grassroots `` human garbage '' mentality towards individuals who do n't fit in nowadays -- sort of a social Darwinism that might have many readers wondering why King brings the juvenile human predator issue into so many of his books . Personally , I do n't find it off-putting , but then again I used to be a liberal . And King needs to address a wider readership than us `` compassion fascists '' if he wants to remain popular .
 Stephen King is one of my top five favorite contemporary writers -LRB- along with John Irving , Richard Russo , Neil Gaiman , and Bruce Alexander , in case you 're interested . -RRB- However , Dreamcatcher is one of my least favorite Stephen King novels . There are traces of the things that have made me a devoted SK reader , but they are scarce . Perhaps the best part of the novel is the character Duddits and the role he plays . A major weakness is the impression that much of the novel seemed to be written with Hollywood in mind . And while we have all reluctantly learned to expect grossness in SK novels , Dreamcatcher carries it to new extremes , and seriously hindered my ability to enjoy the novel . Do n't expect anything approaching the greatness of The Stand or It or The Dark Tower series .
 Stephen King , the brilliant author of so many wonderful stories has so disappointed me with this book . Curiousity of how he will end the story kept me going , but the horrible toilet references and boring military ego chapters made me cheer when I gratefully reached the end !
 The best summary for Dreamcatcher is that it ended up as typical Stephen King fare . For me , that is not a good thing . I have always felt that King writes novels by taking some fairly simple -- perhaps weird , perhaps scary , but still relatively simple -- ideas and milking them for all they are worth . I nearly always come away feeling cheated , that the time spent was not worth the final result . Dreamcatcher fits right into this theme.With Dreamcatcher , King takes the ever-ready body snatcher formula , mixes in some really crude and disgusting bodily functions -LRB- ... from Alien , with a twist only a twelve-year-old boy would appreciate -RRB- , pours on some completely undeveloped aliens and the generic military crazy guy , tries to spice it up with a poor pinch of biochemistry , and winds up with a labored and predictable car chase . It ends up being a mess . How bad can the book get ? When King runs out of old ideas he can muck up , he comes up with stuff like
 I was a die-hard SK fan until about 4 books ago . He 's lost his touch . I so wanted to like this book , but it 's bad , really bad . Incomprehensible and all over the place , and much , much too long . Sorry , Mr. King .
 I eagerly anticipated the new King book as I always do when one of his books comes out . Sadly , `` Dreamcatcher '' was just not up to par . The characters are fairly interesting , but like `` Gerald 's Game '' and `` The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon '' there just is n't enough to keep the reader interested.I felt that this book had a lot of potential , but was completely destroyed by rambling writing and tedious attempts to gross the reader out.There was so much more that he could have explored about aliens , but instead this book reads like a pale imitation of `` the regulators '' .
 I guess I am one of the minority of those who reviewed this book , but I did n't care for it at all . I have been reading King for 20 years , and while I have my favorites -LRB- The Stand , Christine , Pet Sematary -RRB- I have never before disliked one of his books . I was very disappointed in this effort by him . Hopefully his next book will be more like the King we know and love .
 I was so looking forward to this book because everyone blurp I 'd read had me thinking that the characters in this book were the same as the heroes in `` It '' . Beware ! They are not !! As much as I love Stephen King , this book is tedious , long , and rambling . I think I 'll go re-read `` The Stand '' ...
 I have no problem with lengthy and intense narrative or rather good narrative but this book just drones on and on and on - and it is n't the reader - Jeffrey DeMunn does a wonderful job - it is a shame that the material is so poor . I hope that Mr. King has now worked through his demons and that his next book will have a plot . Not up to his usual standards - dull , long and ultimately pointless .
 Stephen King did his best in the days of `` The Stand '' and `` It . '' Lately -LRB- the past couple of years or so -RRB- he 's average , at best . Dreamcatcher was disappointing due to its tired `` flashbacks '' and lack of a moving plot . He 's still a master of words and sentence structure , but he 's lost his old `` exciting plot '' ability . AND , do n't even watch any TV or movie programs in which he was a co-producer !
 The shame of Stephen King is that he is now a better writer than he was twenty years ago.His characters are much more fleshed out and have infinetely more depth.The problem is that he is flat out of ideas.He has become so predictable and repetitive and melodramatic it is disheartening.Maybe I 've read one book too many of King.In fact I 've read them all , and this one is down there with `` Christine '' , `` The Regulators '' , `` Desperation '' and `` The Tommyknockers '' as the worst and least inspired of his works.I guess King and his genre of writing wear thin once you 've passed the age of 14 or so , because that is the last time his work gave me the goosebumps or made me think there was anything profound in his writing.He may be the bestselling writer on Earth , but it is certainly not on the merits of his literary prowess.He has become an institution and lifelong fans will buy anything he releases.I 'm an old fan but the old King has become threadbare .
 Dreamcatcher is one of his recent books written right after the near-fatal accident where Steve King presented a very interesting concept on how our brain works . Good , if not for the appalling packaging . Snip
 I tried . I did . I read 150 pages of this book before growing bored and vaguely repulsed . If you enjoy numerous bloated , over-inflated descriptions of bodily functions -LRB- stinky burps and farts -RRB- , you 'll love this book . The characters were dull and poorly defined -LRB- I kept mixing them up -RRB- , the pace was glacial , and the plot dull . And I generally love Stephen King . I think he wrote this as therapy , as one of the characters was recovering from a near-fatal car accident . But it was n't very entertaining .
 Maybe , if I 'd not be a big Stephen King-fan , I 'd say ` Dreamcatcher ' is a average novel , good entertainment , whatever . But unfortunately I 'm not and so I have the heavy task for the first time ever not praising a King-novel . And even this is an understatement . I can not only not praise it , I also have to say how bad it is . Having read every King-book I have to say , even if there were some not-so-good ones , there never was a bad one . Never.But there is ` Dreamcatcher ' now -LRB- in german it 's called for no real reason ` Duddits ' -RRB- and my disappointment about this book started after reading about 100 pages.The story
 This book caught my attention the first 300 or so pages and then I was totally lost . What in the world ! King was all over the place and there were so many characters that I couldnt keep up with them all ! I am not real big on alien books but I thought that I could at least deal with it some but this was so stupid that I just quit reading it . I just wasted my reading time on this book . Would not recommend this book unless you have alot of patience and dont mind being confused the whole time . Very bad book King .
 I was anxious to read this book , but a friend of mine -LRB- who is a die-hard Stephen King fan -RRB- said she did n't like it at all . I found it at a book sale for $ 1 so I figured I did n't have much to lose . I should have taken her word for it ! I got up to about page 150 and I just had to put it away . The story just did n't seem to gel together and at the point I put it down a truly out-there thing had just happened in the story which I just could n't buy into.I recently re-read Bag of Bones for the third time , also by Stephen King , and it was just light-years better than this book ... do n't waste your time with Dreamcatcher , read Bag of Bones instead !
 I have read almost all of stephen kings books and of all that i have read this is by far the worst . I could go on and on about how bad it was and why but trust me it is a wast of time . Dont bother .
 I have read every single book Stephen King ever wrote . Until Dreamcatcher . Around page 300 , I gave up . The story of the four friends was very interesting and started to develop but then it sort of got lost in details and cryptic telepathic descriptions . Frankly , sometimes I had no idea , what and who King was talking about.This is such a disappointment and I guess I will think twice before buying more books by Stephen King .
 For months before the release of Dreamcatcher I was crazy with anticipation , certain that Dreamcatcher was a sequel to IT -LRB- based on the promotional material , can you blame me ? -RRB- I was upset when my hopes were dashed -LRB- for a while I even tried to convince myself that MAYBE Dreamcatcher was taking place in a parallel world , in which Jonesy is Big Bill 's twinner ... -RRB- Needless to say , this did n't work for long , and I eventually had to come to terms with reality
 Any Stephen King fan would have to admit tha his past few novels , `` Green Mile '' , `` Bag Of Bones '' , and `` The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon '' were a sort of renaissance for him . His writing and plotting were in peak form . Unfortunately , `` Dreamcatcher '' fails to keep the streak going . While it starts off fast and furious , it runs out of gas about halfway through . The plot threads seem to unravel at various times . Try as he might , King ca n't maintain the suspense . Part of the problem may be that he has returned to familiar territory with this novel , and many of his old tricks just do n't trick anymore .
 I looked forward to this book like crazy . It got off to a slow start then picked up and then it went right down hill again . I kept speed reading through some of the pages-something you should never do-but it was so bad . Boring , badly written and it could have been told in about 300 less pages . I bought it as i have all of SK 's books and will continue to buy them , sometimes he can suprise you . but let this one rot on the bookshelves . it will never go out of print , i mean Geralds Game is stll around -LRB- what a howler that one was -RRB- . Stay away it 's as bad as The Tommy Knockers . Yeck !!
 After I was done chugging through this crap , I felt naseous , delirious , and wondering why I just wasted 5 days of my life . Stephen King apparently wrote this while he was recovering from a car accident , and you can definitely tell from the 500 pages of incessant rambling that is a pathetic excuse for character development . The other 200 pages are actually used for good scary plot development , which is not much , but it prevented me from burning this damn thing . In this 700 page monster chalk full of gore and utterly repulsive images , I could sense a trace of good ideas smothered under meaningless words which is why i give this 2 stars instead of 1 . To anyone interested in literature
 I have in the past enjoyed King 's books however , the Dreamcatcherjumped around to much , in fact in places it just rambled on as ifKing just wanted to fill up the pages with words . I read the first400 pages hoping it would get better , it did not . Graham Mastertonis still the best .
 I was n't particularly impressed with this novel . I reeked to much like some of his earlier works combined together . It just lacked some of his originality . One of the things I love about Stephen King is his character development . I did n't feel he pulled it off in this novel . I also thought it was pretty gross . Why did there have to be parasitic alien creatures which caused massive burping and farting ? Definitely not my cup of tea ...
 I 'm a huge Stephen King fan , so I always read his works expecting something great about him.And the begining of this novel certainly proved to be amusing and entertaining , but it all drifts after chapter 1 , ending in an odd mix of characters and non-sense arguments.Very weak and dissapointing .
 All of King 's books have found a home in my personal library , but `` Dreamcatcher '' has been collecting dust . Has taken months to force myself through 354 pages . Every time I open the book it 's as though I 'm overcome by a case of attention-deficit-disorder . However , having read a few glowing reviews offered in this venue , I will continue the read , searching for a bit of the magic that has made Mr. King a master storyteller .
 I 'm sorry that this book was n't up to some of the earlier long novels like `` The Stand '' or `` It '' . The old formula , of a group of kids bonding together , as a strong front against evil has worked before ... but not this time . Maybe they 're just not that likeable , so we do n't really care what happens to them . I was encouraged , at one point in the book , when the action returns to good old DERRY , and a sign is found , stating `` Pennywise Lives '' and I hoped , that one of King 's finest villians , would be resurected , but no way ! Maybe we 'll see him in another tale but I found this one weak !
 I actually made it to page 180 till I put it down in disgust . I have read everything King has written and this one is a real piece of ... Makes ` Tommyknockers ' look like a winner . Its all recycled stuff and King tricks from previous novels . All the the reviews I 'm reading here that say ` Great ' and ` Awesome ' are baffling to me , were we reading the same book ? I hope he remembers how to write for the next Gunslinger book , screwing that up would be a REAL disappointment . .
 I am an avid Stephan King fan and have read almost everything written by him and I thought this book was horrible . The initial story About the five friends is interesting but the description of the aliens being born out of people 's butts is disgusting . I was so grossed out by the persistant description of flatulence accompanying the births too . This was also the most profane of his books with the F word on at least every page and the S word almost as much . It has too many unnecessary characters that are described in detail and then killed off 5 pages later . It was gory , gross , laden with profanity and mental plot lines that did n't make sense . Of course I did finish it being such a fan of his but I would not recommend anybody to waste their time reading this 600 + page book .
 DREAMCATCHER is King at his worst . The four childhood friends fighting against evil is hardly a new idea even within his own oeuvre and once again a saint like mentally disabled person shall lead them , giving King an opportunity to write some of his most inane dialogue ever . Aliens from outer space manifesting themselves as fungus or body snatchers or even intestinal parasites that will leave your body in the most graphic and disgusting manner imaginable just showcase the overall lack of originality found within the pages . Add in a single-mindedly obsessed army officer self named Kurtz if you can believe it , and you have the makings of a real disaster . Yet despite this King has a nasty way of making you want to keep reading . What could possibly happen next you wonder and even if you predicted the outcome , the man 's talent for moving the reader through his novels is to be commended . Even when you get to the end and wonder , `` Why 'd I finish this thing ? ''
 Stephen King is a great storyteller , but Dreamcatcher is not one of his better efforts.This novel recycles many of King 's elements -- a character hit by a car -LRB- see King 's own accident -RRB- , a group of boyhood friends -LRB- see The Body , later made into the movie Stand by Me -RRB- , a slow , goodhearted character with magical ability -LRB- see The Green Mile -RRB- , and a group of characters who have a psychic connection -LRB- see The Stand or even the recent The Cell -RRB- . The central premise of King 's story is an alien invasion in the woods , and the subsequent attempts by the military to cover it up . King is a big fan of `` The X-Files , '' and you will notice some similarities . That 's the main problem with this book -- there is nothing fresh and original . You feel like you read it somewhere else before -- in another King novel or an episode of `` The X-Files . `` Dreamcatcher , like all of King 's works , is entertaining and a quick read -- even if it is over 800 pages in paperback.This book was made into an even worse movie featuring Morgan Freeman and Jason Lee .
 I have always been an huge S.K. fan . I was disappointed in this one , however . It starts out good , but towards the end it becomes long , drawn out and boring . I had to make myself finish it . The concept of the book is good , and had the latter part of the book flowed as easily as the first part , it would have been very good .
 I found that I could n't get more than 200 pages into this book . The book made no sense . I like X-Files and thought that aliens would a good topic . It turned out that all I read was that a bunch of drunks and suicidals were meeting to go hunting . I read about them yelling and thinking , `` f * this and f * that , and `` dickweed this . '' It just reminded me of a bunch of R-rated adolescent junk . Nothing intelligent seemed to come of the story line . I am ready to send the book back to the publisher and demand my money back . What a waste of time !
 Dreamcatcher has several good plots but it never brings them together into a cohesive whole . The first 80 pages were by far the best of the book , the rest rambles and jumps from story to story . This is novel that does n't know what it is or what it wants . It could have been a great horror novel . It could have been a great novel about friendship . It just never delivers on the promise of that first 80 pages .
 Critics jokingly refer to King 's `` loggorhea '' , his ability to churn out several lengthy tomes of new material each year , but the underlying implication is that this is one of the signs of his greatness . Pardon me for dissenting , but when every other novel -LRB- and sometimes several in a row -RRB- are of as poor quality as `` Dreamcatcher '' maybe it 's time to take a laxative and kick off the shoes for awhile.This book is cookie cutter King at his worst . Not only does he bite heavily from other writers and filmmakers , constantly quoting other superior works that deal with similar themes and plot elements , but he 's guilty also of ripping off his own material . We have shipwrecked aliens that use mind manipulation techniques to control humans -LRB- Tommyknockers -RRB- , recurring flashbacks to life altering events in the characters ' childhood -LRB- It -RRB- , an intellectual infant who turns out to hold the key to everything -LRB- too many books to count -RRB- ... the list goes on . Unfortunately so does the book . I suppose it 's King 's matter-of-fact storytelling that makes some fans feel every word that spills out of his typewriter is priceless , but it 's rather obvious to the more objective reader that very little he 's churned out in the past 10-15 years -LRB- at least -RRB- could n't use some judicious editing . Most of the back story in `` Dreamcatcher '' is mildly diverting but not at all necessary . Not to mention it smacks of that old `` Moby Dick '' ploy of heightening the suspense by tossing in chapters unrelated to the current narrative at key moments . Problem is , Melville employed this technique with expertise and finesse , rarely overstaying his welcome , whereas you get the impression with `` Dreamcatcher '' that King just does n't have much of a plot to work with and is padding out the opening segments with excess exposition in a vain attempt to achieve some sort of balance with the later parts of the book . This `` balancing '' means the novel takes over 300 pages to really get going.I hate to even expand too much farther on my thoughts here , since most people reading this review will probably be diehard Stephen King fans and the ensuing carpal tunnel syndrome will be all for naught , but when that `` 4 out of 162 people found this review helpful '' eventually appears above the byline I want to make sure I 've earned the right to protest -LRB- after all , rating a review is not supposed to be whether you agree with the writer 's assessment , but rather how well they 've elucidated their opinion and given someone who has n't read the book an idea of what they might expect -RRB- . So what else do we have here ? First of all , as others have already mentioned , King 's penchant for namechecking pop culture icons and including snatches of classic rock tunes in his work used to be cute and quirky , but after thirty years of publishing it 's now only indicative of his inability to get up off his laurels and try something fresh.Furthermore , though King has long been known for his realistic portrayals of children -LRB- particularly teenagers -RRB- , he also has a tendency to take advantage of their youthful uncertainty to make them do things that would seem plausible to an adult . In `` Dreamcatcher '' , the pivotal event in the lead characters ' life comes when , as 8th graders , they come across some high school bullies tormenting a mentally disabled kid and intervene . That in and of itself is not all that unbelievable , but the fact that they befriend this kid -LRB- Duddits for those keeping score -RRB- for life seems like an act of charity unbefitting these capricious youths . I say this because , frankly , Duddits as written is not all that endearing a character . I 'm sure his enthusiasm and baby talk were meant to be cute , but instead he comes off as a complete caricature that is bordering on offensive in and of itself . The bottom line is he 's portrayed as a challenged individual that would be more likely to be tolerated for his inadequacies than embraced as a joy to be around . Furthermore , I 'm getting a little sick of these `` innocence as salvation '' motifs in King 's work , but if it had to continue here he could have at least fleshed out the whole telepathy aspect a bit more , maybe explore the possibility that Duddits ' mental deficiency is tied in with his telepathic abilities , etc. . And speaking of fleshing out character arcs , one character 's drinking problem is mentioned repeatedly but only serves to force him into making one dumb decision that helps to drive the plot forward -LRB- deus ex machina , anyone ? -RRB- . Another character 's accident the previous year is introduced as a psychically tramautic event but only gives King an excuse to introduce the element of intrusive thoughts before the aliens swoop in and give them something of their own to think about.I could go on but I 'm held to 1000 words and I 've got ta be getting close . Hopefully I 've managed to convey the depth of inadequacies in this book without beating anyone over the head , but the various levels of failings in `` Dreamcatcher '' do warrant more than a brief `` thumbs up/down '' synopsis , especially in light of King 's reputation and prior body of work . I 'm sure he 'll bounce back -LRB- and forth -RRB- , but in the meantime he might consider the idea that not everything he sits down to write needs to see the light of day . There 's another book entitled `` The Lost Writings of Stephen King '' that I was perusing recently , and I noticed that the lion 's share of unpublished fiction was either written in his younger , pre-published days or in those first 5-10 years of semi-stardom , when his work was judged strictly by it 's quality and not just because it had King 's name on the cover .
 I 'm a pretty dedicated fan of Stephen King , and even though I do n't expect to like ALL his books as much as I liked The Stand or It , I do expect some originality which is totally missing from this book . Axtualy , this book is so bad that I could n't make myself read any more than the first 150 pages or so ! I only managed to read that far because I kept thinking that it just HAD to get better ... The book tells of four friends who had once saved a Downs Syndrome boy in Derry , and as a result became telepathic . These concepts are already unoriginal
 I really , truly wanted to love this book . I have been reading Stephen King since the late '70s and always look forward to anything new by him . I could only get through 300 pages before I just had to give up . I reached the point where there were three Jonesys and then I realised it was time to throw in the towel . King is best when he does straight horror and Sci-fi is not my favourite genre , but this book was kind of muddled and kept jumping all over the place . I think that this story would have benefited by being 200 pages less and not delving so deeply into the whole psychological thing . Anyway , I will continue reading Mr. King 's books , but just ca n't really recommend this one .
 This book really stunk . It almost seems like he forgot to send the manuscript to the editor . Surely the editor would n't have let him ramble on and on about snow , and trees , and oh-my-god the smell and sound of the bodily functions of these `` people '' . I vowed that I would never again rush to the store to buy one of his books because they have been so diappointing , but I did this time because it was tauted as `` a return to horror '' . I now once again vow to NEVER rush out to buy his books . The used bookstore will have plenty of his stinkers for 50 cents in the future .
 I have been reading Stephen King books since discovering `` The Stand '' at the age of 14 . -LRB- over 20 years now -RRB- But this is the first one that I would even consider returning . I kept thinking that it would get better and it never did . While there were some good parts , there were certainly not enough . I just hope that this was a result of too much time since the last book and the ol' writing skills were a little rusty . I look forwarded to the next one . Everyone deserves a second chance .
 The more time that passes since reading this book , the more disappointed I am . Although a fast and compelling read , I ca n't shake the feeling that all I 've done is read the outline of a much better book.Readers will naturally draw comparisons to `` IT '' because of the life long friendship , anchored by a life changing experience in adolescence , of the four main characters . But what King did with such skill and beauty in `` IT '' , drawing us into the make up of the individuals as well as the group dynamic , he merely pays lip service to in `` Dreamcatcher '' . King sets us up with the key elements , but fails to deliver . We get only one course of the meal King has taught us to expect.This book made me want to re-read `` IT '' , which I am currently doing with great pleasure .
 There are over 100 reviews already here , so I wo n't go over the same old stuff . Every true King fan might want to ponder this idea for a moment - does n't it seem as if King has lost touch with `` real people '' as his fame has grown ? His early books were great , but as he has grown older and richer , his fame may be causing him to lose touch with reality as the rest of us `` worker bees '' see it , and his writing has suffered from it . He 's tucked away in a mansion in a small town in Maine , with not much exposure to the outside world . Also , Stephen knows , and so do we , that anything he writes will become a bestseller . So he does n't have to really worry about pleasing the reader anymore - he knows it will sell a trillion copies and he 'll get even richer . I will continue to read his books , but I 'll get them from the library - I 'm not paying a cent for these crummy stories anymore .
 DREMACATCHER -- 2 STARSI could n't wait to read this one . The first 200 pages were SOOOOO good ... I was hooked ... then I do n't know what the happened ... king was all over the place , I was kind of lost at around the 300 page mark . Then I realized why , it 's because the story/writing was just falling apart . Like a snow cave melting in the warm summer sun ... there was all kind of stuff going on , and in a way where it was easy for the reader to get lost ... lost and lost QUICKLY ... its a shame ... I read 300 pages of this book , and I had enough ... I was falling asleep after 10 pages ... I said `` good bye '' and benched it ... I have recently been reading MISERY and I CAN NOT put it down ... I have been up the past 2 nites reading it and it will be finished tonite ... STAY AWAY from DREAMCATCHER !!!!! This book is only for the PUREST of fans and that have EXTREME patience ... even for those people , I can promise you this ... you will be counting down the pages to the end !!
 Stephen KIng is a master writer . Reading his books , however , may be an exausting experience , since he frequently writes a lot , I mean a lot , of unecessary pages . BUt , most of the times , he does it showing that he 's really a gifted writer.But in DREAMCATCHER things somehow go wrong . It 's a hard book to read , even if the chemistry among the four old friends from Derry , more Duddits , was something very enjoyable to follow . But he kept developing unecessary histories to the plot . Case in point
 Just a very short review but I thought I had to do it . This is Stephen King 's worst book and the only one I have been unable to finish . I loved his last four books . It 's a good job you can return books at Amazon.com .
 THIS BOOK ... SO MUCH ... I mean if you wan na waste you ... summer reading this book then go ahead . See what this book has taught me ? NO just kiddin it was good .
 I was very disapoined - King just does not write like he used to
 My mother was always a big fan , but I 've never been intersted to read any of his books -LRB- esp after seeing his films -RRB- . After hearing what this book was about I thought I would give it a go & was bitterly dissapointed . I found as I should have expected -LRB- just like his films -RRB- a subject with great potential just wasted . I can see this one being made into a film one day . Try Simon Ings - Headlong . Its not 100 % either but it was definatley better than this , although it is not horror but sci-fi .
 Stephen King 's use of obscenities has become more pronounced with each succeeding novel ... the last one I really enjoyed was The Stand . After wading through about a third of Dreamcatcher , I left the book in my hotel room when I checked out ; page after page of disgusting obscenities were more than I could take .
 I have been a Stephen King fan for years and loved his earlier books . This one is a disaster . I kept trying to read it but finally gave up . I think he has lost his ability to write great books such as The Stand , Carrie , Pet Sematary , Salem 's Lot and other earlier books . Luckily I got this book as part of an introductory offer for membership in a book club . I 'm glad I did n't spend much money on it .
 I am a big SK fan , but this is just IT meets TOMMYKNOCKERS . . I loved both of those novels , but DREAMCATCHER is kind of tired stuff . I started to lose interest with the first falling tooth - been there , done that . Duddits is an intriguing character ; in fact , I liked all of their gang , but the book just did n't hold my interest .
 I have followed the story of Mr. Jett since it first broke . I am generally intrigued by Blacks who work on Wall Street , and when I first heard this story I was amazed that Blacks could do so well there.Initially I felt that Jett got the shaft , and became the scapegoat for his corporate mongers . After reading the book I feel a bit different . It is evidenced by this book that Jett is an intelligent and perceptive man . Yet he reminds me of those who are too intelligent , and too perceptive for their own good . He seems to have lived in a world in which he was compelled to prove others wrong , even when there was only an inkling that he might be right . He seems to have lived in a world in which if the computer says it 's so , then it must be so . As if to say , hey it 's not my fault you ca n't design a system that stops me from showing enormous profits.Upon deeper review of this book I find that because of his intelligence , confidence , and arrogance , that Mr. Jett comes across as no more than a glorified SMART-ASS . And nobody likes a smart-ass . If not for the alleged ineptitude of his superiors , Mr. Jett would probably be in jail.At the same time I salute Mr. Jett for various reasons . 1 . He 's the only person in corporate America to at least attempt to challenge the mythical God status of Jack Welch . 2 . He never laid down for those who sought to stereotype and demean him on the basis of his race . 3 . He gave us insight into the most intersting person in the whole saga , his father . 4 . He showed himself to be neither too right nor too wrong in the scandal.And I too feel it was a miscarriage of justice to accquit him of fraud and find him guilty of records and books violations . I admire Mr. Jett , I frown upon Mr. Jett all at the same time.But in the end no one likes a smart-ass !
 As one of the 6,000 people who lost their job thanks to this man I had to waste the money to read his side . I was one of many people who were working around the clock for forty five days unraveling what he did . It made everyone sick when we were told how much he actually lost . He has failed to give the entire story and left out many , many key facts . I 'm so sorry I gave him my money to read this piece of garbage . What a waste of my time and money and my JOB .
 I know for a fact that this joker was indeed incompetent , and arrogant as well . it is too bad this clown tries to drag down others when he should slink away and crawl under the rock that he came from .
 I am the spouse of an ex-Kidder employee who was deeply involved in figuring out what Jett did and how he did it . He is guilty as can be , he put everyone at Kidder through pure hell , and he has gone virtually unpunished . If you must read this book , get it from the library -- do n't donate money to him . He already has much more than he deserves .
 As a former Kidder Peabody employee on the government desk , I am thoroughly nauseated with this delusional account of events . The fantasy element expressed throughout this fairy tale makes me think it would have been more appropriatley titled , `` Joe Jett in Wonderland '' . His completely fraudulent actions not only displaced thousands of hardworking and honest Kidder employees , but also further damaged the reputation of Wall Street . Lastly , his making this a racial issue is disgusting , and hopefully he will also be excommunicated from the African American community as well as that of Wall Street .
 Joseph Jett is an appalling African-American . He basically denied his race , as black as he was , for the purpose of becoming regarded as a ` good ole boy ' on Wall Street . He never dated black women ; he never supported the black interns and students ; he helped to demean women in general . I 'm a Black woman , and I do n't like him . He screamed discrimination when he could n't date white women . I would n't want any of my sisters , black or white , to have lunch with him , let alone date him . He was his own undoing . I know that there 's discrimination everywhere in this world , but since he is an uptight , arrogant , unnecessarily rude person , he deserved to be brought down a peg or two . He did n't even consider going to a Black firm , until everyone on White Wall Street rejected him . He only associated with his own people , when he had no choice . He never considered Black counsel . He never mentioned church . Even though his trades were walking the fine line of being legitimate , he was clearly out of line . He made his bed , associating with unscrupulous businessmen , in the first place . A good upbringing should have taught him that ambition is n't a sin , but greed is . I think that he got off too easily .
 It 's been a long time since Joe Jett was in the news , despite his hefty PR Agency bills , but I just could n't resist making a couple of comments.I was flying home yesterday on a AerLingus flight from Dublin and by chance flipped to one of the in-flight channels that was showing the 1999 BBC `` documentary '' Blood on the Carpet . I had never seen this `` documentary , '' before and was surprised to see iit aired so many years after the actual events took place . II worked with Joe at CSFB in the mid 1980 's . I was amazed to how the BBC was capable of painting Joe as the good guy -- as someone who 's been falsely accused , and used as a scapegoat . Joe was fired from CSFB for a reason . He was probably one of the most unethical -LRB- and ineffective -RRB- people I have ever worked with in my 22 years on Wall Street . He was deceitful on more than one occasion in an effort to improve his position within the firm . I 've never seen anything like it since . But that 's not why he was fired . He was fired because he produced very little that was considered to be value added , socially as well as economically.I 'll never forget the day in the early 1990 's when an old CSFB colleague called me and mentioned that Joe was now considered to be a big shot on Kidder 's government trading desk . I was dumbfounded , commenting on how this could n't possibly be the same Joe that I knew . It was n't long after this call that Joe 's Kidder career came to an end.What strikes me most about the BBC 's `` documentary '' is the lack of research that was done prior to it 's production . Not one former colleague was interviewed other than the Kidder or GE bosses that were involved in the legal proceedings . Joe demonstrated a pattern of deceit during his career , and any investigative reporter -LRB- or employer for that matter ! -RRB- worth his/her salt would have looked into why he was fired from 2 firms in a relatively short period of time.However , Kidder is not without blame . Joe 's boss and the firm allowed the fraud to occur by not being more careful about how strips and Treasury bond profits/losses were accounted for . Unfortunately , Kidder -LRB- apparently -RRB- was n't thinking enough about how a rogue trader might use the system for personal gain.Finally , it 's worth mentioning the outcome of Joe 's appeal to the SEC 's ruling . Joe filed an appeal on 8/11/1998 . On March 5th , 2004 , the SEC ruled that Joe was indeed required to disgorge $ 8.21 mm in unearned income , and also had to pay the $ 200,000 in civil penalties . Joe was also barred from working in any registered securities business for life . -LRB- Hedge Funds are unregulated -RRB- Why do I feel compelled to write about Joe and the series `` Blood on the Carpet ? '' For several reasons I suppose . Joe , in my humble opinion , is a fraud . And yet , the BBC -LRB- and by Joe 's own accounts in his many books -RRB- has him portrayed as the good guy being attacked by big corporate America and subject to overt racism . What a great story for the media , it 's got all the right stuff . Color , money , sex , bla , bla , bla . What a bunch of B.S.What have I learned from this experience ? Several things , but number one is to be very careful about who you hire . Kidder blew it by hiring this guy . All they needed to do was to dig a little into Joe 's past , and they could have saved themselves alot of grief . This is particularially true in the financial services industry . It only takes one rouge trader or crook to take the whole place down . There have been multiple examples ; Barings , Kidder , immediately come to my mind .
 The only way to improve this work of fiction would be to have O.J. Simpson write the foreword.Jett was given an opportunity and the capital to succeed . O. J. let his footprints behind , jett should pick up his shoes and stop blaming others
 The book was very loathsome to me as an African-American woman . It appears an immoral man who happened to have brown skin went to work for an immoral company.Kidder Peabody 's management and staff , embodied in the villainous Ed Cerullo , thought being white and working on Wall Street was the great divider between themselves and everyone who was n't one of them . On the other hand , Joseph Jett thought that making money at their game was the great equalizer.Wake up Mr. Jett . You belittled yourself and disgraced African-Americans by playing their game.If Mr. Jett had any concept of evil -LRB- e.g. racism , sexism , deception , etc. -RRB- he would have left them to their own vices when all that incorrigible behavior first began . I hope we , African-Americans and white people , are reminded by this book to stand up for our principles and leave the people like those who worked at Kidder Peabody -LRB- including Mr. Jett -RRB- to devour each other in their insatiable greed , arrogance and racism.Finally , this book has a caution for the rest of us . Do n't invest one dollar in a company that does n't operate in a manner which you respect .
 HUH
 This could have been an interesting book -- a black man who fights his way to Wall Street , makes millions , and ends up in tangled web of lies and corruption . I picked it up because the story of Joseph Jett seemed intriguing , but sadly , the book ends up being dragged down by the fact that Jett is a very unlikeable person , the way he tells the story makes it obvious that he is lying about what actually happened , and in the end the book does n't say much more about Wall Street than we already know.Jett was fingered as the guilty party in a bond trading scandal at the firm of Kidder Peabody and black-listed from Wall Street . This book is Jett 's attempt at his side of the story in an effort to prove his innocence . The main problem for me in reading this book is that Jett comes across as a real jerk , and as a result , I really did n't empathize with his position and I really did n't care about what happened to him -- my feeling was `` This greedy arrogant jerkwad got what he deserved . `` Secondly , the parts of the book detailing what supposedly happened at Kidder Peabody just do n't seem realistic . I 've worked in the securities industry , so I have something to guage Jett 's story by , and it just does n't come across as 100 % accurate . I think the real truth is somewhere in the middle of what Kidder Peabody said , and what Jett said.The early chapters of the book , where Jett describes his upbringing and life before Wall Street , were the best ones , because you get to understand the forces that drive him and the barriers he had to overcome . The book rapidly degenerates after the early chapters and I found it quite boring . If you have n't read any books about Wall Street or the real world of finance , then you might find this interesting . If you have , you wo n't miss anything by skipping Jett 's tale .
 The reader learns next to nothing about bond trading or Wall Street . Jett feels that his trading activity was real and profitable , but declines to give the reader the nuts and bolts of his strategy because it is too technical and difficult for us . Of course , this does little to counter the argument of Jett 's attackers that there was nothing to Jett 's trades and strategy and that his profits where nonexistent and simply accounting tricks to obtain bonuses from his employer . -LRB- See http://www.sec.gov/enforce/alj/id127cff.htm for the SEC decision . -RRB- Jett was not a particularly nice guy to work for since he viewed work as a strictly impersonal war . Thus , it 's hard to commiserate with his protestations that others in this `` war '' were `` unfair '' to him.Jett describes many situations that did call for positive ethical actions by him . Mr. A hires Jett to investigate Mr. C and liquidate some assets . Jett meets with Mr. C who tells him that he is n't going to investigate or liquidate anything , but Jett can come and work for C at a higher rate of pay . Jett did n't blink in changing sides . Jett is hired as a Vice President -LRB- thus owing a fiduciary duty to the company -RRB- , but never reports to the Board of Directors or the CEO various irregularities of those around him.In the end , I do n't know what this books tells you . Jett had many commendable personal qualities and was may well have been subjected to terrible racism and corporate world mendacity . But Jett does n't present any clear proof that his trades were anything more than accounting entries that foolish and greedy people used to give themselves bonuses . Jett may or may not have done right , but he does n't give us the info to decide .
 As a person close to much of that described in the book , I can say that Joe Jett is completely deluded . Additionally , it stuns me that such a poorly written fantasy has been promoted heavily let alone published at all . Were it not for the comic value that exists for me as someone who knows much of the reality re . all of this , I would not have graced this piece of trash with more than a very few moments of my time .
 I knew Joe Jett while I was working on Kidder 's mortgage-backed security trading desk . Joe alleges that white Kidder higher ups were jealous because he lived well , had a white girl friend , was paid a lot of money , and was aggressive in his trading methods . His allegation of racism is the biggest load of crap . I am a minority and on my desk there were 6 other minorities -LRB- including several Indians -RRB- and we were all vice presidents or senior vice presidents . Our group was extremely profitable and we all made a lot of money but we nevered felt like 2nd class citizens and no one `` went after us '' because we were minorities or Indians.Additionally there was a mixed race couple working at Kidder -LRB- woman is white and man is black -RRB- who had a relationship and later got married but mothing ever happened to them and they made a lot of money . Joe of course does n't want to reveal any of this because it would fly in the face of his allegations and then he would have to explain himself vis a vis the trades he made .
 UGH ! ONE CAN ONLY HOPE THAT JETT AND HIS APOLOGISTS FADE AWAY AND LEAVE US ALL ALONE . IF PEOPLE KNEW THE TRUE DECEPTION PERPETRATED BY JETT AT KIDDER PEABODY , THEY WOULD FIND NO SYMPATHY FOR THIS CRIMINAL !
 I worked on the trading floor -LRB- a few desks from Jett -RRB- at Kidder-Peabody during the scandal and nothing in the book remotely resembles the environment he describes.Compensation on Wall Street is BASE SALARY + BONUS . Your base salary has a maximum value -LRB- for Managing Directors at the time it was probably 150K to 250K -RRB- His much-hyped 8 million dollar bonus ... was COMPLETELY discretionary ! They could have paid him ANYTHING and he had absolutely no recourse except to quit.So ... why would Kidder pay him ALL that money ONLY to take it back ? Because they were all racists ?????? Why go through all that trouble!Joe Jett had access to the head of Fixed Income 24/7 ... he was always in his office , no one treated him disrespectfully -LRB- he had the audacity to claim the Admin staff dissed him ????? -RRB- Folks ... if the writing were n't so long-winded , pretentious and over-baked the book would make a great fiction thriller .
 JETT HAS PENNED A TIRED NOVEL THAT NOT ONLY IS FRAUGHT WITH INNACURACIES , BUT ALSO TAKES ON THE ELEMENT OF FANTASY . HIS ATTEMPTS TO PAINT OTHERS AS THE CULPRITS AND INCOMPETENTS IS LAUGHABLE . JETT SHOULD THANK HIS LUCKY STARS THAT HE IS ABLE TO WRITE A TABLOID ACCOUNT OF HIS PAST , INSTEAD OF BEING LOCKED IN A FEDERAL PRISON .
 I have been looking for a book for my children to share thorugh illustrations and imagination the stories of my childhood when it came to the Legend of the Old Befana . I found this to be the closest so far yet it does not follow through on the tradion that follows the Befana each year in Italy . It did not captivate my our my son and I found myself having to more explaining than sharing The drawings are nice though .
 My children in my preschool class was so excited to read about `` Old Befana '' during our study of Italian Christmas , however , when reading the book it was the quality dissappointed me.The spine of the book was bound so tight is was hard to open , it cracked , and was hard to hold open during oral reading . If I had time before out school 's culture presentation , I believe I would have returned it . In the past I have always received good quality maybe this was good qaulity but bound too tight . Thanks for the opportunity for my review.Janice Payne
 This book left me with a feeling of sadness and without sympathy for the main character.Too much wallowing in self pity for me.I also was surprised by the mistakes in grammer , spelling , etc. , either made by the author or missed by the editor.I would n't recommend this book to any of my friends.We live about 5 miles from Bodega Bay , and I enjoyed reading about the town .
 First time Amazon shopper . I was looking for the book , and did not realize this was a short play format until I received it . Too much hassle to return it for the cost . I 'm better off going to the second hand book stores .
 When i read Rebecca i decided i wanted to read anothor book by the same author . I picked this book because i thought this would be another fabulous book , but i tunred out boring and dull untill the very last page .
 I was captivated by the story of Rebecca by this author , and looked forward to reading this book , however I was bitterly dissapointed.The storyline was badly drawn and the ending was a complete surprise . I felt there should have been another chapter when the story finally made sense .
 I had to read this book in my Final Year at High School and I did n't like it one bit . Now it is 25 years later and I re read it and found I did n't like it anymore the second time around . The protagonist describes his early life in Melbourne as a boy and how he became obsessed with masturbation in his early teens.He seems to have a fascination with homosexuality as can be seen by an early incident in this book.As a consequence of his twisted personality he becomes a teacher where he enjoys the attention of a `` captive audience '' namely his students.I am very glad that most Australian Writers do not reminisce about their early life if it was sad and pathetic as this author 's was.Read this book if you want to be disgusted and appalled by the pathetic life of this loser .
 I 'm a huge wwj fan , I 've read 30-40 of his books in the last two years . Unfortunately this is the first of his I stopped reading and threw away . I 'm pretty familiar with wwj 's voice in his writing and the first thing that struck me was that in this book the characters did n't speak the same . The narrator spoke differently than other books and some of the classic wwj lines that are in every other of his books were n't in here.I read somewhere online that another author has taken over his writings and I ca n't help but think there are other books , including this one , the other author might have penned without credit . I would n't recommend this book to new readers or sadly long time fans .
 This book needs some serious editing . I could n't get past the numerous grammatical errors in the introduction and first chapter to finish the book . I do n't expect perfection , but there were numerous cases where the author did n't know the difference between different forms of words -LRB- `` they 're '' , `` there '' , and `` their '' , for example -RRB- and repeated the same mistake over and over .
 I read Godel 's original paper over my winter break -LRB- 2001 -RRB- from my second year of medical school at UCSF . It is a fun paper to try to grasp , but unless you are extremely mathematically gifted -LRB- like me -RRB- or have spent years plodding away studying philosophy or math , then stay away from the original paper . If you are a casual reader and want to read great and important philosophy then stick with Heidigger and Kierkegard and such . Being and Time is a lot more fun if you just want some easy reading . Godel is hard stuff and only accessible to a select few . I loved it.However , if you are new to logic , mathematics or philosophy then you can try to read Nagel 's book . I found it too simplistic and way too remedial . If that is your style then buy Nagel . However , if you are more sophisticated like me , then go read the original work . You will be much better off for it .
 I struggle to answer the question - why was this book worth republishing?Apparently the event is motivated by a fiftieth anniversary of the original.As I recall the book was notable as being the first popular account ofGoedel 's revolutionary work on the logical foundations of mathematics . Alas , that is the only thing for which this book is notable . No doubt in its dayit served its purpose and the authors were known as worthy expositors backin the 50s . But we have moved on and there have been a number of clearlysuperior popularizations on this fascinating subject . For instance there isHofstadter 's own weighty tome `` Goedel , Escher and Bach '' or Rudy Rucker ` sshorter -LRB- and sweeter -RRB- book `` Infinity and the Mind '' . Ian Stewart , who wrotethe `` Mathematical Pastimes '' column in Scientific American magazine for awhile and the highly regarded textbook `` Galois Theory '' also wrote a chapteron Goedel 's theorems in his popular book `` Concepts of Modern Mathematics '' . Master logician and puzzlist Raymond Smullyan has included chapters based onGoedel 's theorems in several of his outstanding puzzle books such as `` ForeverUndecided '' . So the bottom line is do n't bother with this creaky old book . Leave it on theshelf . It had its day long ago and has been well and truly superceded . Whilenewer does not always mean better - it certainly does mean that in this case .
 My challenge would no doubt be viewed with contempt , despite the many justified challenges of the status quo in history . Somehow it is always thought that although profound mistakes were made in the past , the contemporary establishment has things straightened out . My contention is that what is called Goedel 's proof is a fundamental embarrassment in the history of logic and mathematics.There are many particulars in this book that I can criticize which extend beyond Goedel . There is the formalization of deductive systems tracing back to Hilbert . It consists in using symbols without meaning , which are afterward `` interpreted '' according to subject matter . The like happened most prominently in non-Euclidean geometry , when terms like `` straight line '' and `` plane '' were reinterpreted to designate certain curved lines and surfaces , to then demonstrate that some Euclidean theorems do not hold . The problem is that this commits the basic fallacy of equivocation . By redefining words , the statements containing them no longer apply to the original meanings . Likewise , meaningless symbols in formal systems can be defined in conflicting ways . Presently this concerns the use of `` Goedel numbers '' for such symbols . `` Goedel 's proof '' is about a sentence which may be phrased as `` THIS STATEMENT IS UNPROVABLE -LRB- IN THE SYSTEM -RRB- '' . The sentence has been recast into logical symbols , and it is these symbols , individually or combined , that are given `` Goedel numbers '' . The argument then is that whatever is determined about the sentence applies to the numbers , viz . to mathematics . The equivocation should be obvious , but alas it is n't . The thinking is explained away by examples like the use of algebra in geometry . But these concern actual mathematical content . The sentence now at issue has no such content , the numbering merely designating the linguistic constituents.Now to the sentence itself . As indicated there inside parentheses , the sentence is said unprovable in whatever deductive system is used , but Goedel is held to have proved it via `` meta-mathematical '' means outside the system . This contention I see as an excuse , avoiding contradiction . For , whatever the logic in the proof , it can be made part of the system . To exclude valid logical procedures from deductive systems unjustifiably cripples the systems , and to do so only serves the purpose of claiming an impossibility by not utilizing available tools.This means that the alleged unprovability in logic , let alone mathematics , of statements otherwise decided true is false , and the statements can thus easily be shown to harbor contradictions and accordingly constitute paradoxes , rather than be part of an assumed consistent system . Regarding the above capitalized sentence , the argument advanced can be put as follows.If the statement were provable then its negation , `` THE STATEMENT IS PROVABLE '' , would also be provable , since that is what the provability would mean , and if this negation were provable then the original statement would also be provable , since the negation says so -LRB- p. 99 in the book , in different words -RRB- . Then it is argued -LRB- p. 100 -RRB- that since `` if a formula and its ... negation can both be derived in some formal calculus -LSB- deductive system -RSB- , then the calculus is not consistent '' , it follows that if it is consistent , `` neither the formula ... nor its negation can be demonstrable '' . -LRB- This is said to make the formula `` undecidable '' , which interestingly supposes the system consistent , in saying , p. 101 , `` that an undecidable formula can be constructed within -LSB- it -RSB- '' . Here we see another pitfall of `` formal '' , i.e. meaningless , systems . It is somehow thought that if they comply with grammatical rules , there is no problem . But grammatical sentences can in meaning be contradictory . -RRB- It is further argued -LRB- pp.101-2 -RRB- that one of the above capitalized statements must be true , and since the initial one was found `` undecidable '' , namely to have `` no proof inside -LSB- the system -RSB- '' , it is the true one , by asserting that unprovability.It is finally reemphasized that this was not deduced `` from the axioms and rules of a formal system , but by a meta-mathematical argument . `` But those axioms and rules , unlike contended , easily accommodate the logic , which is quite common . That neither of the above capitalized sentences is provable because it implies the other follows by the `` law of contradiction '' ; that one of them must presumably be true follows by the `` law of excluded middle '' ; and that it is the initial sentence which is true , since just found unprovable , can be said to follow by the `` law of identity '' . Thus the unprovable sentence is contradictorily proved via the well-known `` laws of thought '' . As indicated , the sentence is correspondingly internally contradictory and can be added to other paradoxes , rather than be proclaimed true and unprovable .
 As the reviewer below , I too am a medical student/mathematican . I consider myself the foremost amature number theorist since Fermat and can read and translate ANY mathematical or philosophical document.Godel 's proof is perhaps the most important document since the Declaration of Independence . It is a shame that Nagel treats it so lightly and debases it by trying to make it comprehensible to the common man . Only elite intellectuals like me are able to truly appreciate this document.If you would be into the Reader 's Digest version of Being and Time , then read this book , but if you are up to the challenge , pick up the real thing . Be forewarned it will only be comprehensible to logicians and gifted medical students like me .
 Okay , I thought this was going to be pretty artwork -LRB- books like that exist - though rarely - like Manara 's Gullivera -RRB- . Instead , it 's a pretty hum-drum sex book using too many close ups and unimaginatively drawn characters -LRB- who are techincally drawn okay but look dull -RRB- and quiet gross `` flying fluids '' exageration . The stories are the same-ole repressed male fantasy stories you can hear anywhere - although not as original -LRB- forbidden fruit gets stale -RRB- as some grass-roots stories . Boring . If not stupid . Erotic only to the lame . I own quiet a bit of plain-jane non-erotic mainstream manga and I can only say that there are far better artists with talent both in drawing and layout out there . Indeed , even as far as sex matters go , tamer series get it better . In hopes of swaying , swinging breasted ladies flirting and laughing , I was disappointed in basically raw pornography .
 Since the other reviews were so positive , I thought it might be nice to have another perspective . I did n't hate this book , but frankly , I really did n't like it , either . In a word , it was boring . The couple was already together and the major conflict was that the characters had major communication problems . The reason I bought the book was because the amnesia part of the book sounded interesting -LRB- not that I have n't seen that plot device before -RRB- , but it did n't actually happen until about half-way through . Honestly , the plot just was n't that original , and the characters were n't loveable enough to save it . In fact , the female character was a bit of a door mat and that never changed .
 As the story progressed it got better , but I felt as though the writing style for this book lacked something . Perhaps a younger reader may have enjoyed it more , though I found myself getting lost several times trying to keep straight who was who . Names of characters hard to pronounce as well . I found the it hard to lose myself in the world she was trying to create because their were too many unanswered questions and bad explanations for things .
 This book is horrible . It drags out info that could be said in ten pages and attempts to make it a book . Boring , monotonous , tedious , and beats the reader over the head with Christian morality and scriptures .
 after really enjoying the first three books in this series , I expected more than this terribly insipid work . It seemed rushed , poorly thought out and I was extremely disappointed .
 It was a little slow . I knew what was going to happen from the beginning .
 This book is written by Pat Reid , a British officer who was captured by the German in the second world war . Colditz is the castle like camp that he was taken to , though only after attempting to escape from another camp . That was the sort of prisoners of war -LRB- POW -RRB- that Colditz inhabited . He was named escape officer at Colditz , so he has many stories about escapes and escape attempts during the war.Originally I was interested in this book by the familiarity of the name Colditz by a computer game carrying the same name that I used to play as a kid , Escape from Colditz , it was called.I liked reading about all the different kinds of ways that the British , French and Polish -LRB- and some other nationalities -RRB- came up with . And about how they used some of their time making fun of the Germans . And I liked what Reid wrote about how well the different nationalities worked together . For me there could 've been a little bit less people that the book told about , I got confused and did not remember if a certain character had already been introduced earlier . Any world war themed thing reminds me of the fact that it was n't that long ago , which makes it all hard to believe.For me this book was not an easy or fast read , even though it was only 222 pages long . This book is one that I think I do have to read again one day , and the kind that I might have to read in my mother tongue . I felt that I should 've understood even the little things they were doing when planning and making their escapes . I did not enjoy it as much as I believe that I could 've because I was bothered in not understanding all . And the book was mostly about the escapes , not about the kind of people there were or what the normal routines were like .
 Well , fact of the matter is that this is a project Gutenberg title , which means it is available for free in the PUB format . This version is sloppily put together with no table of contents or index or any way to find your way around this lengthy unabridged edition . It is horrendous to read , taking away all the beauty of the words , and making it tougher to read than walking through a swamp full of muck.Here is an example
 My son is very disappointed because the illustrations on the `` Look Inside '' feature are nowhere to be found . It is possible that this may be the best story ever written but please deliver what is advertised . Have a fabulous day.I called Amazon and some lady with a thick foreign accent answered . She was very nice and had a good handle on the language . She assured me that she would send a copy that matched the description on the website . Unfortunately I received the same book . There are no illustrations in this book . This is a bad experience with this book but I still love Amazon .
 I love the the tales of King Arthur & his knights and was really looking forward to reading this on my new Kindle . Alas , it was not even worth the price of $ 0.99 . The ebook formatting is terrible , with pieces of random sentences stuck in the middle of others , making it impossible and very frustrating to read . It is illustrated and the illustrations are beautiful , but still , Definitely not worth it !
 I read three versions of the Arthurian legends recently , and this one was the weakest . The language is somewhere between Malory 's archaic form and modern prose , but does not succeed well at being either . The tales were also , in my opinion , less well told than in the others.For your consideration , I read La Morte D'Arthur in an abridged version and Roger Lancelyn Green 's `` King Arthur and His Knights of the Round Table '' from the Puffin Classics series . I enjoyed Green 's telling the best , as it was credibly compiled from a number of works -LRB- including Malory -RRB- and had some excellent atmospheric illustrations . Though it is a Puffin Classics edition , I did not find the usual condescension or `` dumbing down '' that often occurs in youth literature.Get Green 's version . It was just as cheap right here on Amazon , and well worth every penny .
 Look for another version if you plan to read this on your Kindle . The publisher made no effort to have this formatted correctly for the Kindle . Because this is a classic , it deserves to be done in a more respectful manner than what was done . . I can only imagine the author is rolling over in his grave !
 After having read and loved Howard Pyle 's 1968 Classic Pressedition of `` The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood '' I was quitedisappointed with `` The Story of King Arthur and His Knights '' . Whereas Pyle brilliantly brought his characters to life in `` RobinHood '' , the characters of `` King Arthur '' seem flat and lifelessby comparison . The King Arthur stories read like little morethan a description of events ; one does n't really get a feelingof being there while things are happening as in `` Robin Hood . `` The dialogue seems much more realistic in `` Robin Hood '' , but Ithink there 's more to it . The writing style in `` King Arthur `` I 'd characterize as prosaic -- in sharp contrast to the charming , poetic style of writing in `` Robin Hood . ''
 The book is listed as an unabridged version . Wrong!In truth it is an abridged version copyrighted in 2005 . The original is like 1902 . Very Disappointed !! I 'll be returning this !
 Though nothing in the title or description at Amazon says so , this is an abridged version . Do not waste your money
 This book needs to be re-edited . There are too many grammatical and spelling mistakes . Please pay attention to this ! I had hoped to use this version with middle school students , but there were just too many errors .
 I bought this book based on the reviews that I had read that seemed to indicate the book was of a superior standard . I have to say that I am very disappointed in the book . The layout and pictures are extremely amateurish and the recipes look like something a child would put together not an experienced book . I would not recommend the book to anyone who is a good and experienced cook . It is extremely over priced for the lack of content . Definitely not recommended .
 I was so excited to get this cookbook after reading numerous reviews , but so far I 've been disappointed . I made the chocolate muffins . All the chocolate chips sunk to the bottom of the muffins and stuck in the pan . They looked nothing like the picture . Then I tried the Parmesan Zucchini which was bland . I also made the Salmon Pasta Gratin . The directions were very vague . I was to dilute the wine in a glass of hot water . What size of glass ? 6 oz , 8 oz ? Then I finished the dish and noticed I omitted the parmesan cheese . Parmesan cheese was listed in the ingredients , but never mentioned in the directions . Not sure I 'll try another recipe from this book .
 I love cookbooks and cooking and I have many different types of cookbooks , some with simple recipes and some with very complicated ones . I believe they all have something of value in them , even to the very basic or beginning cook ... except this cookbook . I have to say this is the first cookbook I have ever purchased that I was totally and completely disappointed in . Here is a sample of the first `` recipe '' in the book
 As soon as I opened this book , I did n't want to make any of the recipes , simply because the pictures were so awful . The layout is amatuerish and the photos are simply unappetizing . Presentation counts almost as much as flovor - if this is what my meals are going to look like , then I 'll pass .
 I used this book in a TOEFL preparation course for about a month and found it a bit disappointing . The book 's explanations are quite technical -LRB- which is sometimes helpful , especially in the grammar section -RRB- but my intermediate-level students all found the practice exercises in the book too easy . The CD-ROM practice tests , on the other hand , were too hard . Some of the Writing section 's explanations were good -- especially with thesis statements and conclusions -- but the Reading section was ridiculously banal . In addition , there are n't enough practice tests , especially in comparison with other TOEFL study materials available on the market . For the price you 're paying , you 'd be better off buying Longman 's Complete Preparation -LRB- for intermediate to advanced students -RRB- , Longman 's Introductory Preparation -LRB- for beginner students -RRB- , or Barron 's TOEFL book with 8 practice tests .
 I not only studied this book , but also took Toefl classes in Kaplan for 6 months and I have to admit that I wasted my money -LRB- which was a lot what they took from me -RRB- and my time . I scored 187 studying at Kaplan with Kaplan 's books and I was not the only person from the Kaplan 's courses scoring such an awful low score . Most of the Kaplan students from different nationalities , my classmates of course , scored below 200 . I do n't know how these Kaplan individuals manage to have customers who fall for it . Moreover , the only excellent thing about Kaplan is their marketing and propaganda about themselves , and the luxurious facilities that help to trick you into their courses , but other than that , it is a lousy teaching approach.I tried to get my money back , or at least part of it , in order to be able to go to study in a decent , honest Institute . But they refused to refund any of it , because they do n't give any guarantees of scoring high with their courses . THEY CLAIMED THAT IT WAS MY FAULT AND SAID THE SAME THING TO THE REST OF MY CLASSMATES ... . WHAT A RIP OFF !!!!!
 1 -RRB- The best part of the book is Listening Copmrehension . This part is most likely the best book among Toefl books . A lot of practice all are on the CD Rom .2 -RRB- Grammar is far difficult as compare with any real test and , thus , it is utterly irrelevant . There are a lot of excercises , nonetheless , the section is more like very general overview for those who know English well . Grammar is much better explained on Cliff 's Toefl .3 -RRB- Reading part is fair , however , it is much better on Delta 's Key for the Toefl Test .4 -RRB- There are only 2 full scale tests and they are undoubtedly useless as their results ae always worse than those on the actual test . All my friends had actual results better than on Kaplan 's CD Rom.If you need practice Delta 's Key for the Toefl Test has 10 tests , Cambridge Toefl has 7 tests , and Cliffs has 6 tests .5 -RRB- There is no virtually any strategy for Essay seection . You may wish to buy Cambridge Toelf for the best Esaay section . Cambridge Toefl explains essay step by step in all details . Gradulally , doing all excercise you will be accostomed how to map out a good essay for 30 minutes . Cliff 's Toefl also has very good Essay section with elaborated strategy and exsamples .
 Due to my position -LRB- Human Resources Director -RRB- in an American multinational company located in Bogota , Colombia , and having studied English in the United Kingdom , I decided it was time to study for an MBA in order to further my career . I needed 250 on the CBT Toefl . I was advised to attend the best and most expensive prep center , Kaplan Bogota , so I did . I took the TOEFL twice . The first time I scored 207 and the second time 190 , very far from the score I needed for my MBA . Seriously , I do n't know how could somebody claim to have scored 290 with Kaplan preparation , and even less with this Kaplan TOEFL book that I recently disposed in the garbage . Moreover checking the ETS 's statistics for the last 3 years and the standard deviation for Toefl scores , no one has scored above 287 . Therefore I find very dubious some reports stated herein . Use common sense and never enroll in a Kaplan course .
 Amazon says this is a volume of Poe 's complete works . Uh-uh . Only the poetry .
 I would not recommend this poem book to people unless they like reading this type of poetry , or poetry in general . While I was reading these poems , I found it very hard to concentrate on the poem I was reading , because the poems did n't really catch my interest . I do n't think I would enjoy reading another poetry book bye Edgar Allen Poe because I do n't really like his type of poetry . My mind wandered a lot while I was reading Poe 's poems because they were n't exciting , they were sad , scary , and gloomy .
 Yes , I had the same problem and it is not mentioned anywhere that it is in Spanish until you get in your hands . I do realize that Las Rubias De 5th Avenue , does not exactly sound English , but knowing the author , I totally thought she is just being fancy !
 I did n't realize that it was written in Spanish until it was too late . The cost of return , since it was my own responsibility , would be more than the book -LRB- I live in Tokyo -RRB- .
 I never ever thought that a book would be placed on Amazon.com and when not publihsed in English be made more emphatic . The book looks good but of course I ca n't read one word of it . I live in Australia so to send it back will put me out more than keeping it . Very frustrating but what can you do ? Now I always check that the book I am purchasing is in English . By looking at the prior customers who had the same problem I do n't feel as it I was the only one caught out with this book - Spanish who new ?
 The previous reviewer claims `` Jesus never hated anyone . '' He did seem , however , somewhat angry at the money-changers in the temple - not becaue they were carrying on a business as such but because they were cashing in on the gullible under the guise of religion . When I went to a lecture by the Reverend Mr Fox on `` creation spirituality '' at the local University , it was interested to see tables set out outside the lecture theatre selling his books with a merry jingling of cash-registers . No prizes for guessing what it reminded me of . Who : whom ? Lenin was wont to ask . In this case ; who got the money ? And how does this alleged apostle of anti-capitalism get the wherewithal to travel the world promoting his ill-written and error-filled books ? Hardly `` religious right '' questions but worth thinking about . As for the actual intellectual content of the work , it is beneath criticism but not beneath a proper contempt .
 Having grown the love the Richard Jury mysteries , I was bitterly disappointed by this novel . I tried to wade through it but it was so gawd-awful boring that I just gave up .
 to much like the last book
 I will not be reading any more Emma Graham mysteries by Martha Grimes . I was very disappointed because the book did have the same quality writing as in ms. Grimes ' Richard Jury novels . It would have been more generous to have described it as children 's literature .
 The book was wrapped with a thin bubble wrap and scotch tape , then covered with brown paper . The postman left it on the front porch in the rain and the book was ruined . I through it away .
 My second attempt to like Seymour , as did my first , failed.The reviewers who compare Seymour to LeCarre and Greene surely can not have read much of either . Seymour is more a writer of thrillers , more Clancy-like , than either LeCarre or Greene . Both of the latter write something very close to literature ; Seymour -LRB- or Clancy for that matter -RRB- never come close to that level . His plots are intriging , even at times exciting , but his people portraits rarely more than caricatures .
 One of the worst spy novels that I 've ever read . It took forever to develop the plot and was very `` painful '' reading . Ca n't understand all the praise that this has received . The only reason I finished it is because I do n't like to not finish a book that I start .
 I found the text to suffer from poor OCR conversion from the original work . To be of value , the author or publisher should proofread the book .
 I agree with the previous reviewer ; I ` bought ' the full book -LRB- as it was free -RRB- and found it so full of garbled text & typographic garbage as to make it , for novices , worth its price
 yes , this edition is unreadable - BUT there 's another , published by d k printworld , and also available on amazonthis is the best of the nineteenth century grammars -LRB- and is itself a re-writing of an earlier grammar -RRB- - though learning sanskrit needs a good teacher
 This was also used for Bombshell Boobies -LRB- only the stories differ -RRB-
 This book documents version 1.0.2 of JDK . Sun is up to version 1.3 and has made dramatic additions since 1.0.2 . Do n't buy something so out of date .
 If you do not have the javadoc API reference , this book will be very helpful . But this is not the case for most Java programmers . The book does offer things more than what you have in the html javadoc , however , they are VERY limited . As the dynamic html reference gets richer in each 1.1.x release , the benefit of buying this hardcopy deminishes . The samples in this book are largely overstated . They are more of decorations rather than real things.In short , be cautious . If the book description makes you consider buying this book , you 'd better find it in a nearby bookstore and read several pages first - to make sure this is what you want .
 This book does not worth your money . This is very much like the API doc on the web , there is NO example . Better save your money to find a better ref book such as the Chan & Lee ...
 As shaman and psychedelic researcher I can honestly say that this is not only not a psychedelics encyclopedia in the most remote sense , but rather an extremely uninformative , incomplete & poorly organized & written yet pretentious 400 page pamphlet . I could not have asked to be more dissapointed by a book with that title , and suggest that no one waste their time money or energy on this book .
 The excessive reliance on ML and poor language skills exhibited are well covered in the other reviews . I 'd just like to add that Mitchell has a terrible habit of explaining things out of order -LRB- for instance , activation records are explained on page 165 , but you are expected to know them on page 148 -RRB- , and his `` This is beyond the scope of this book . '' handwaving makes many of the explanations completely incoherent.I have never sold back a textbook before , but I 'm taking this back to the bookstore right after my final , and then I 'll get a real Comparative Programming Languages textbook .
 As a grdauate student , I feel compelled to write honestly about this book in the hopes that what I 'm writing might influence some teacher 's decision in the future . Granted , the topic area this book is covering is n't trivial , but in the light of its complex nature it is even more paramount that someone attempting to explain it to those who do n't understand it be well-versed in , frankly , English . This book is quite possibly the worst textbook I have ever encountered . The writing is atrocious , the `` flow '' is like mud , and the explanations make even things that could be simple , dreadfully complex . Avoid it like the plague , there are a lot better options .
 I too took the class with John Mitchell in Stanford a few years back . The manuscript , which now is this book , was very poorly written , erroneous , inconsitent and not even complete ! It 's one of the worst classes I 've taken at Stanford . I believe I could 've benefited more from the class had he put students ' interest first by choosing a better textbook.I do n't know why he put so much empathsis on ML . Had he put some decent effort in helping people actually understand ML , maybe it wo n't have been so frustrating -LRB- back then it was pre-2000 , so there were n't many ML material available online - and you have n't heard of Google yet :--RRB- . For functional language , would n't Lisp be a better example for instructive purposes?Someone in the class at that time suggested him talk about scripting languages such as Perl -LRB- Python is now getting interesting -RRB- . That would be useful comparison . But that was brushed aside.I would not buy this book unless you have no choice .
 This is probably one of the worst Computer Science book I have ever read . The author uses ML for most of the examples ... which is a pain in the ass . The explanation is vague and examples were not good enough.And you know what ? I am using this book simply because I am taking a course with Mr John Mitchell himself .
 Hi , I 'm also taking CS242 with John Mitchell , and while I read a review on Mitchell 's website calling his book an `` inspiration , '' I 've found it to be puke-inducing . He uses a language which nobody cares about -- ML -- for most of his examples , and does n't do a clear enough job explaining how ML works . As for the class , it too sucks .
 I am very disappointed in this book because there is no interactive contents . I mean , come on - this is an astrological work tool . I need to be able to go through and index different aspects at different times . I do n't doubt that the information is extremely insightful and very helpful -LRB- I have a hard copy of this book that I can no longer read due to eye problems -RRB- but it is almost worthless to me as it is . The only readon I gave it two stars is because of the wonderful content .
 It is obvious that when he wrote this book Freeman had an agenda . There is so much that is wrong with Freeman 's thesis that it is difficult to know where to begin . Freeman is attempting to show that the Greek achievement is an exaggeration that has led to , among other things , Hitler.Freeman criticises the Greeks for their practice of slavery . He attributes both the abolition of slavery and the elevation of the status of women to Christian morality
 I have read the previous comments on the 5th edition . It gets worse , I went to the library found edition of this book from early 1980 's . It has the same notes , comments , and phrases about each school as the current edition ! I think alot has changed in 20 years , but the authors are apparently too lazy to research .
 The information is obviously outdated and in some cases it seems to be incorrect . For instance , in the chapter on the University of Chicago , the book says this school relies on interviews with applicants . To my knowledge , this is not true . Northwestern -LRB- also located near Chicago -RRB- relies on applicant interviews -- not the University of Chicago . I found the chapter on the University of Minnesota amazingly inaccurate .
 I did n't believe the earlier writer who suggested it was n't worth purchasing this book if you had already read the 5th edition ; I wish I had . This edition is exactly the same as the earlier version - same phrases , same schools -LRB- do you know , it only has 112 of 179 ABA approved law schools featured ? -RRB- . If you 're thinking about buying this book , I would recommend that you go to the library instead and read whichever version they happen to have on hand , even if it dates back to the early 90s . On the other hand , if you do n't know anything about the reputation of particular schools , this book can be helpful in giving you a snapshot view . If you do know something about the reputation of certain schools , you may find , as I did , that this book is more of a confirmation of everything else I had heard/read about those schools -- it did n't seem to offer any fresh insights .
 A friend loaned me the 5th edition of this book , which was published in 1991 . It was a good book , but I wanted to read the `` updated '' edition so I would be familiar with how the law schools had changed in the six years in between . While reading the latest edition , I noticed that the only info that had been updated was the stats -- most of the reviews and anecdotes about each school were the same -- and I mean word for word ! I guess things just do n't change much in law school . I suggest spending your money on the LSAC guide to law schools , instead . Or send away for law school catalogs from each school -- they 're free and at least they are really updated each year !
 There is one great thing about this book . It has the addresses and phone numbers of many -LRB- though not all -RRB- of the ABA approved law schools in the USA . If you want any other meaningful information , I would recommend another book . After reading comments like `` They have a Black Law Students Association , '' or `` The best students are offered a spot at the prestigious Law Review , '' for pretty much every school in the book , one begins to realize that their profile of each school tends to be generic and impersonal . As previous reviews have noted , some of the material is also outdated.One specific example ... Their profile of Boston College Law , which is one of only two Jesuit law schools in the US , fails to mention this important fact . The BCLS literature dedicates the the first five or so pages of its current bulletin to explaining the importance of the Jesuit tradition to the School ... meanwhile `` Inside the Law Schools '' publicizes the fact that BCLS has a `` mercifully short application form '' as one of the features that makes it unique . Give me a break !!!
 Having not only sailed in this area for years -LRB- a Tabor Academy grad -RRB- , but also a native-born son of Buzzards Bay , I can say that much of this book is nothing more than self-indulgent rubbish ! It amazes me that after several years of sailing student crews around in this yacht -LRB- and no , it is not ' a fishing schooner , ' or anything like it ! -RRB- that the author has so little to say about his student crew . After all , the whole PURPOSE of these cruises is supposed to be about young men and women and THEIR personal development , not so some self-satisfied ` yachtie ' can get a free ride for the Summer ! The commentary about such places as Naushon Island are also offensive , especially considering the generous nature of the Forbes family in even allowing the author and his students to land on the private island at all , let alone opening it up to all and sundry -LRB- Ted Kennedy himself has been summarily chucked off the island in the past for trespass ! -RRB- . No doubt the author would welcome a bunch of vagrants fetching up on his front lawn to camp for the Summer too ! A quick look across the Sound and the over-priced tourist horrors of Martha 's Vineyard and Nantucket should be reason enough to celebrate the isolation and pristine nature of the Elizabeth Islands generally , and Naushon in particular ! Apparently the author has ` agonies of conscience ' in just about every other harbor he has fetched up at as well , and it makes me wonder , why does n't he just give up sailing , join some sort of monastery somewhere and leave the rest of us alone ?
 I ordered the book on 06 December 2008 and today is 14 January 2009 and has still not received the book . I have sent three emails to the seller without any response . This is frustration especially when my class has already started .
 The authors use of words make the British Redcoat seem foolish and weak . If this book is meant to be about the battles of the revolution then why are all the American victories listed and yet not all of the British ones ? Makes no sense to me seeing as the British won most of the battles.If you want to read a ` false feel good propoganda ' type of book then feel free to go for this one BUT take everything you read with a massive pinch of salt . It 's these type of books that have completely churned factual history into a euphoria of false patriotic rhetoric.Rebels and Redcoats will provide you with a far more comprehensive and factual base from which to look at the war from .
 I was very disappointed upon receiving this book from Amazon.com . I had seen it at Barnes & Noble bookstore and was looking forward to having my own copy as an addition to my home library . The book I received was a paper back book which I was aware of but the Amazon.com description did not describe it as a pocket size book . I do not buy pocket size book for my home library cause I do not enjoy using them for reading or research work . The book would have been much more helpful if it had more table information and list as well as biographical information for the leaders of the battles . Chapter outlines or summaries would have been a real plus also . I wish I had bought the larger copy at the higher price at Barnes & Noble bookstore . You get what you pay for .
 I do n't profess to be an expert on the American Revolution , however ; I do specifically know enough about the northern campaign to realize that the Battle of Hubbardton did not occur in the State of New York as the index indicates -LRB- '' Hubbardton , NY
 Following is the review I left on another web site
 This book was a total waste of time and money -LRB- well time , is sent it back -RRB- . It gave a very cursory level explanation of all internet concepts and provided very little depth . If you have no idea how the internet works this may be a good book , otherwise buy something a lot more technical . Not written by microsoft press !!!!
 I was looking for a book with different short plays in it for my 3 children . This I bought without having a review , so I did n't know what sort of plays it were ! I started to read the first play ; The older Mary
 Will write a review once I 've received the book
 The text fights off any sensible reader and answers the question , `` If kids are afraid of bears , what are bears afraid of ? '' with a simple example
 Be careful if you want to order this product because Amazon has not existence of it , although it is offered in 2 or 3 weeks . I placed my order in March -LRB- two months ago -RRB- and never arrived . Finally Amazon cancelled my order . What can I do ?
 Well , maybe that 's taking it a little far , but I think you catch my drift.Ah , 1999 . I was coming of age , preparing to graduate eighth grade that coming June and to start high school . Who Wants To Be A Millionaire was ABC 's cash cow , the no-talent neanderthal Fred Durst was still popular , and , of course , millions of giggly kids tuned in to a popular MTV show called `` Total Request Live '' . The premise of the show would be to allow the aforementioned giggly kids to vote for a certain music video , and try to get it to the coveted # 1 spot . Sounds good , right ? Well ... the videos were mostly of the brainless pop genre . The clientele were mostly over-excitable pre-teen girls . And the host , Carson `` Carsick '' Daly , was about as exciting and interesting as a sack of wet diapers.Did I watch ? Okay , you got me , I 'll admit I watched on occasion , hoping that the Beastie Boys , Korn , or Limp Bizkit would be on -LRB- I was 13 too ... I still kinda like the Beasties though , and Korn 's `` Word Up '' is cool -RRB- . Even in retrospect , it was n't that cool . I remember one time they literally showed about seven seconds of `` Intergalactic '' . It then cut to Carsick , prompting me to yell to the TV , `` I HATE YOU CARSON ! '' I never watched another god-forsaken TRL episode , and my brain cells still thank me for that to this very day!But the real problem lay in the usual TRL fare . Most of it , as you all probably know , consisted of boy bands and pop tarts getting tons of airtime , and , of course , the less-than-intellegent kids on the street , screaming their lungs out just because `` OMGOMGOMG !!! IT 'S CARSON !!!!! I 'M GON NA BE ON TV FOR TWO SECONDS !!! EEEEEEEEEEE !!!!! '' Lest we forget the geniuses paraded on camera during the actual videos ' run . `` OH MY GOD , okay , like I wan na like request the BACKSTREET BOYS because they are like SOOO CUUUUUUUTEEEE !! EEEEEEEEEE !!!!! '' Oh yeah , and the e-mails scrolled across the bottom of the screen . `` OMGO -RRB- MMGOMG , lyk , i wan na reqwezt nsync bcz justin ais lyk ssoooo HAWTT !!!! - Buffy , 14 '' Talk about lowest common denominator ... -LRB- Hey , you wan na hear something funny ? I heard some moron from my high school was crying because she could n't get on the show ! HAHAHA ! Sad or what ? -RRB- Sure , there was an option to request your OWN video , but I do n't think one vote for Pantera would make it because it would simply get lost in a sea of the votes of shrieking tweens for their fluffy pop `` muzik '' . I think this stupid show is still on , but thankfully it 's no longer popular . Even Carsick was smart enough to jump ship ! Yes , folks , this was surely a very low point of an already dismal period -LRB- 1999-2001ish -RRB- . But thankfully , we can pretty much put this one behind us.All the former teenyboppers who love Carson can now bombadeer me with unhelpful votes . Thanks for reading my wacky diatribe .
 I ca n't begin to tell you how weird this book is.When I was around ten , I enjoyed the very first three or so Garfield books -- you know , those rectangular ones that were released each year after a while -- because I like cats . After a while , though , the strip began to show serious signs of self-consciousness and became nothing but jokes about obesity and dog-bashing gimmicks . I began to quickly lose interest as Garfield became less of a `` cat '' and more of a `` gimmick character '' intended to sell merchandise . When Jim Davis remarked in an interview during that period that he had always dreamed of creating a cartoon that would be as famous and make him as much money as Charlie Brown , I grew more and more suspicious that money was his driving goal -- not art or genuine entertainment . The release of this book cofirmed my suspicions , and at age twelve I vowed never to have anything to do with Garfield again.Simply put , this book ruined Garfield for me once and forever . I could not , and would not , ever be able to look at him the same way again.Weird , warped and carrying the most puzzling tone I have ever encountered in a comic strip related publication to this day , `` 9 Lives '' stands tall as one of the worst examples of what money , ego and power can do to a cartoonist . Those of you expecting a clean cut , cartoon frolic here will be horribly disappointed , because the book is not the least bit rollicking ; it 's too dark and freakish in areas for that . Its tone is inconsistant and disturbing , its filled with an overall joylessness that destroys any of the lighter material , at least one story contains profanity and some of it is guaranteed to frighten children.The problem is that by that point Davis could have slapped the Garfield brand name on ANYTHING and had it sell like crazy . And that 's exactly what this book is -- an excuse to cash in.Simply put , I challenge even the biggest Garfield nut to explain precisely how this book fits in as a whole with the Garfield concept -- aside from the limp idea of `` each story is one of his 9 lives '' , which was really just an excuse for Davis to go berzerk to the point where you have to wonder if he had been eating some funny mushrooms , talcum powder or something equally toxic.A couple of the stories included here are done very realistically , with fully believable atmopshere , lighting and mood . Unfortunately , attempting to use this approach for `` light '' material the way this book does simply does n't work . A strong example is `` Lab Animal '' . While this may have been intended to be `` light '' , its all-too-realistic and nightmarish mood in its look destroys any hope of comedy -LRB- especially when you consider its subject matter -RRB- . The last frame of this piece , apparently intended to be a punchline , instead features an image which by itself ALONE was guaranteed to make a small five-year-old child I knew at the time scream in horror.Another example of this is in the opening piece entitled `` In the beginning ... '' , which goes through a series of what are really actual photographs altered with paint and pen . Because it is all done so realistically instead of using sheer cartoonish visuals , the last panel comes across not as some sort of whacked joked by as a nightmarish freakout . And yet this is supposed to be all done in comedy.The most horrific sequence of all is easily `` Primal Self '' , which is not only done realistically but also is NOT intended to be comedy , but instead flat-out horror . This one is the bit that received the most complaints after parents willing to trust in the `` Garfield '' name bought it for their children who later found `` Primal Self '' much too realistic and frightening . -LRB- When `` 9 Lives '' was later turned into a television special , this was one of several sequences to get the axe due to its content -RRB- . What does this have to do with Garfield ? For that matter , what does this have to do with ANYTHING?Even weirder , the sequences have bizarre inconsistencies within them which make no sense , such as the fact that Garfield could never talk but in previous lives he obviously could . And the horror story which clearly shows his owner reading a newspaper with `` Garfield '' printed in it when he has n't even reached that `` life '' yet . Such errors are clear evidence over just how much Davis used the whole concept as an excuse to run wild.Meanwhile , some sequences are merely dumb -LRB- `` Babes and Bullets '' and `` Space Cat '' -RRB- and are simply a waste.Now there * are * some sequences here that beg for better company . `` The Vikings '' is workable ... `` Cave Cat '' works into the basic concept , as does `` The Exterminators '' to a reasonable degree.But `` The Garden '' is a real jewel . Here is the one piece in the entire book which DOES manage to work within the Garfield concept AND combine it with a different artistic approach beautifully . The piece is gorgeous , uplifting and genuinely fulfilling to read -LRB- it can even be argued that there 's a lot of wisdom in it -RRB- ... everything that the rest of this book is not.A waste of time and money . Hey , I would n't even buy it used because I would n't ever want the thing in my home , certainly not where my own children can get at it . Davis 's hugest folly , it is guaranteed to get readers everywhere scratching their heads in amazement in a way they have n't since they saw the climax of the movie `` The Black Hole '' and wondering `` What the HECK was Jim Davis THINKING ?! `` If Davis ever decides to release `` The Garden '' by itself as a little booklet , however , I 'll be the first in line .
 I did n't understand The Beginning part . In Cave Cat , there was a dog dinosaur ! And there were cave men too ! In Sam Spayed , they said bad words and where were all the humans ? Everyone were cats ! And in The Exterminators , how did the cats talk ? Garfield ca n't talk ! Lab Animal was weird and stupid ! I did n't understand Primal Self ! And in Garfield , Jon said he bought Odie . But in the comic strip , Odie was Jon 's roomate 's dog and Odie moved in with the roomate . And Space Cat was disappointing because the space thing turned out to be a video game ! The book did n't have a good ending . If you want to buy this book , think hard about it !
 Bantam was in a hurry to monetize their Nero Wolfe license and did not even bother with a basic proofread . The printing is littered with mistakes . Some are just annoying ; others completely confuse and alter the meanings of important sentences . Since the writing is from another time , phrases and phrasings are different ; thus it becomes difficult to tell whether a sentence is strange because language has changed or because some idiot at Bantam could n't be bothered to pull her finger out of her nose long enough to do a classic justice . Possibly the worst offense is that the back cover blurb needlessly reveals a major plot point that happens towards the end of the book . I will NEVER buy another Bantam book again . You should n't either . These illiterates should n't be printing PennySavers let alone a classic of detective fiction that still sells robustly and enjoys a healthy popularity . Disgraceful .
 Saul Rubinek , who reads many of Rex Stout 's books on tape , is excellent . For my money , he 's the best in the business . For that reason , it was with some reservation that I purchased Fer-De-Lance read by Michael Prichard . Would that I had listened to my reservations . Prichard ca n't read . He has a voice that could sell a lot of Buicks on tv ads between innings on a Sunday afternoon . He should be kept well away from actual prose . Long pauses in the middle of clauses , no awareness of the meaning of the words that come stumbling out of his mouth . My best guess is that Prichard is the result of a bizzare experiment in which he learned perfect English pronunciation but has absolutely no understanding of the meaning of any of the words in the English language , and he sees punctuation as unnecessary decoration .
 In Rex Stout ` s first Nero-Wolfe story the ample private investigator is asked by a friend of his legman Fred Durkin to find her brother Carlo Maffei , who has disappeared . Shortly afterwards the latter is found murdered . Wolfe ` s inquiries reveal a connection with the sudden death of university president Barstow on the links , which turns out to be a murder . Barstow 's widow then offers a reward for identifying the perpetrator and Wolfe undertakes to collect the money . Eventually , a ball boy from the golf course provides the crucial hint that leads to the killer , who attempts to silence Wolfe by means of a highly poisonous snake called fer-de-lance yet fails.How the suspects respond to the questions they are asked , is being noticed in psychological detail . Wolfe 's conclusions are immediately revealed to the reader and not withheld until the end as in so many other Wolfe-stories . However , the end is utterly disappointing . Wolfe stage-manages a mugging to obtain evidence . Instead of handing it over to the D.A. , he sends the evidence to the killer , anticipating that the same will commit another murder and flee from justice . Moreover , he thus deceives the D.A. who paid $ 10.000 to him for being handed over the culprit . This behavior is not at all like Wolfe , who is a stickler for the rules and never acts outside the law . In real life he would certainly end up in the dock if he behaved like this.Also , there is a discrepancy between Stouts lengthy descriptions of routine interviews and his silence when it comes to explaining the background
 This book has some virtues , in terms of clarity of exposition , but as a reading of Marx it leaves a lot to be desired . Like Jon Elster 's attempts of making -LRB- non -RRB- sense of Marx that followed it , this text reads into Marx a set of assumptions taken for granted within neoclassical economics but entirely foreign to Marx 's work . If you want to see how Marx and Marxism measure up to the unquestionable and seemingly unthinkable criteria of bourgeois thought , read this . But if you want to understand Marx , read Althusser . ` For Marx ' is a good place to start , but be sure to read the essays collected in ` The Humanist Controversy ' and ` Philosophy and the Spontaneous Philosophy of the Scientists ' too , not to mention ` Reading Capital ' and ` Machiavelli and Us ' ... Cohen may be easier to read , but only because Cohen does n't challenge any of the ideology of capitalism that is as invisible to most people as water is to the fish that swim in it .
 It 's a fairly readable book , but there are quite a few errors.The book is strongly based on the open-the-loop method to find loaded Q , but this method is heavily flawed due to the impedances where the loop is broken being not known .
 Like other Rhea 's books , this one put me to sleep after a few pages . I tried again when I woke up , and I found that Randall 's verbose style is poor and technically inaccurate , to the point that his book is confusing at times .
 High Performance Linux Clusters with OSCAR , Rocks , OpenMosix , and MPI -LRB- Nutshell Handbooks -RRB- The main issue I found is that the purchase was mislead . I was trying to buy a hard copy and they gave me a kindle copy instead without warning !
 1 -RRB- Almost nothing about relationship between Islam & Charlemagne ; 2 -RRB- No mention of Islamic Renaissance between Haroun Al Rasched and Charlemagne .3 -RRB- Charlemagne 's Aachen Church has Islamic influence , so to deny this is absurd .
 The central question discussed in this book is
 I agree with the other reviewer that this book is dated in the light of later studies , esp . in archaeology and more critical examinations of historical sources . The sole reason for its revival is the current demand for books with an Islamic theme . Otherwise this book would be next to useless . It is more fantasy than fact .
 This book provides an evaluation by an educational and governmental researcher of the impact of several schemes of the 1990 's setting up voucher and charter schools - paying poor parents if they withdrew their children from inner-city state schools and enrolled them in the private sector . As previous school reform efforts backed by liberal-leftists had failed children , and as court-propelled desegregation led to White flight , many of America 's inner-city schools became so appalling that even Democrat-voting Blacks wanted the opportunity to seek private education - and linked up with Republicans to achieve that goal . Frederick Hess 's concern here is with the argument of pro-choice campaigners that the new private schools , far from threatening public schools by creaming off brighter children , would actually stimulate much-needed reforms in the public sector ; and his strategy is to interview heads , teachers and administrators in three public authority areas which allowed some degree of parental choice - Milwaukee , Cleveland and the Edgewood district of San Antonio , Texas.Regrettably , Revolution at the Margins says rather more about educational research than about the impact of pro-choice initiatives . Essentially , Hess finds virtually no result at all from competition with the politically well-entrenched public sector . Bureaucrats occasionally mobilized themselves to a little mendacious propaganda -LRB- hanging banners outside public schools saying ` High Standards Start Here ' -RRB- , to teaching test-taking strategies to children , and to mounting legal actions to cramp the style of choice schools ; but usually there was no action beyond verbal `` lashing out '' -LRB- for example at the `` racist and rapacious '' proponents of choice -RRB- . Behind and explaining such inertness lie the ` education systems ' of the -LRB- Black and Hispanic -RRB- slums with their low wages for , and high turnover of teachers . An area that * did * risk union wrath by sacking scores of teachers one spring found it had to re-employ them all , in different schools , by the autumn . Since only idealists and incompetents will work for low wages , yet need self-respect , state teachers would simply shrug off the arrival of competition and continue in their own favoured -LRB- `` idiosyncratic '' , says Hess -RRB- ways - telling Hess `` we have too much on our hands to worry about vouchers and charters '' and `` you 're lucky we 're here to provide this service '' -LRB- even when 40 % of state teachers had themselves stopped sending their own offspring to state schools -RRB- . Quite often , because of high pupil turnover in slum schools , teachers had literally no idea that their school was indeed losing pupils to the private sector . In any case , the size of the challenge in the three schemes studied was slight . Hess concludes that only really large choice schemes will prove sufficiently `` fearsome '' to make state teachers change ; and that , even then , change will be unlikely without background ` institutional reform ' needed for the last thirty years but never adopted - notably , giving heads the power to sack weak teachers . State educators are in an impossible position , apparently , after decades of liberal-left misrule . `` Imagine , '' Hess writes , `` a private sector producer whose consumers disagree about what kind of product they want ; who depends on the support of both consumers and nonconsumers ; whose executives are largely unable to evaluate , hire , fire , reward , or sanction employees ; and whose product is hard to judge . Any executive , whether Henry Ford , Jack Welch , or Bill Gates - would struggle in the face of such odds . '' Thus `` there was no evidence that competition bulldozed away inefficiencies or forced systemic efforts to reform policy or improve practice , as officials had neither the incentive nor the ability to mount aggressive assaults on organizational culture or procedure . `` Yet , as if all this were not depressing enough , Hess 's method of arriving at his conclusions will make grown men weep . It is not just that Hess 's ` research ' involves none of the normal listings of subjects interviewed , questions asked , percentages favouring different answers , etc. . Hess is content to provide the kind historical record of developments that could be , and probably was culled from local newspapers - supplemented by a few conversations of his own . This method results in pages littered with dollar signs , numbers and capital letters as the various outlays are made , as votes are taken , and as unions express outrage ; but even this is not the worst.A specialist volume like this should present , first , a testing of whether choice schools produce better end-of-the-year results for pupils than could be expected from their children 's starting IQs ; and , secondly , a testing of whether such value-added results occur with increasing frequency in state schools after the arrival of private school competition . How else could one possibly say whether either set of schools had truly been doing a good job ? Yet test results are scarcely mentioned in this volume , and value-added calculations not at all - and this despite the book being endorsed on its dust jacket by half-a-dozen worthies from the world of educational research . OK , since Hess believes test scores are largely determined by socio-economic circumstances -LRB- and never mentions education professor Arthur Jensen -RRB- , it might have been less problematic for him to ask the children and their parents if they became * happier * as school choice was expanded ; but Hess does not even consider , let alone use this humdrum route . Frankly , one wonders what hope there can be for America 's children when even a sympathizer with ` choice ' , as Hess apparently is , can not imagine and discuss a reasonable way of evaluating the experiment that has been underway in the cities . Hess is right as far as he goes
 When I listened to the author being interviewed , I thought the book was hilarious ... The interview was funnier than the actual text ! A little disappointing !
 Although I appreciate the amount of effort required to write a book , I simply can not recommend this one . The book describes unimportant or familiar concepts -LRB- like the traditional relational model -RRB- in too much detail and new or important concepts -LRB- like the Oracle8 object extension syntax -RRB- in not enough detail . Many of the diagrams do not appear to relate to the topics being discussed and the examples are too few and far between . I felt that the author used terminology inconsistently or at the very least did not define terms adequately . One might argue that the book is about object-oriented design and not about Oracle ` syntax ' but if you want to learn about OO check-out books by Booch , Jacobson , Fowler , Rumbaugh , Wirfs-Brock , etc. . If you want to learn about Oracle objects try `` Oracle8 Design Using UML Object Modeling '' by Dorsey et . al. .
 Although I have read only a few of the `` Clancy '' knock-offs , I have to say this is the worst . I can not believe Tom Clancy allowed his name to be associated with this book . It was plain boring .
 Unfortunately , a badly written story . Not one that I would recommend . I read everything that comes out from Tom Clancy , and I am generally happy - from satisfied to delighted . This time , not , even though the plot was quite interesting .
 This is just another of the low quality books put out under the `` Tom Clancy '' name.The book is written by Jerome Preisler and is by far one of the worst books I 've read in some time.The plot is very poorly defined , and is so poorly followed that 1/2 the time you are left trying to figure out how a chapter fit into the rest of the book.Character development was minimal at best , and completely missing at worst.There were two main plot lines that had virtually nothing to do with each other , and trying to follow them simply made the book unreadable.My advice is that you do n't waste your time on this sell out of a `` Tom Clancy '' novel .
 My husband finished this book last night and said it `` sucked '' . Hope this helps .
 Most computer books are very poorly written . No matter how intelligent you are , it 's often more difficult than it should be to understand the material . Sometimes you 're left feeling like a dummy.That , of course , is why the original `` DOS for Dummies '' book became so popular . People with no background in a subject often want an introductory book that is well written and contains the background material you need to understand a subject , as opposed to the typical computer book that is often authored by a computer nerd who has the writing skills of a 12 year old and skips over key concepts because the author somehow just assumes you already know.The new Oracle 101 series of books is an attempt to create something like a `` Dummies '' series for Oracle -LRB- a set of introductory books -RRB- but so far most of these books fall on their face because the authors do n't understand what makes an introductory book successful.The original DOS for Dummies was successful for one simple reason
 I found it very difficult to extract the information I needed from this book . There are far too many `` Well let 's see . '' and `` Simple , right ? '' , and silly analogies which dilute the material . The author ca n't make a point without embedding it in a story . I 'd rather read the Oracle documentation and avoid the annoying task of weeding through irrelevant text .
 The good part of this book is the second part displaying Ware 's art . It 's clear and organized , if small . The images are clear and includes comics covers and commercial work.The bad is the first part with the opening text . It 's the worst kind of academic mastrubation
 I had hoped this book would have more about Chris Ware , but most of it is the author 's boring observations about comic art and his theories about what Ware is drawing . I would much rather read about the subject 's childhood , and especially the details of his time in art school and in Austin . Instead there 's endless verbiage in the Scott McCloud vein . A few interesting reproductions of Ware creations I had n't seen before are included , but not much else is worth recommending .
 Judith Reitman uses half-truths and hearsay to help create a panic involving a mythological pet theft ring that simply does not exist . Interview every dog researcher in the US and find that pets are too high strung to be research subjects . Even if pets were available as research subjects , they would not be suitable . Reitman uses `` facts '' from long ago to substantiate a supposed problem today . She warns to beware of the pet theft ring , when in fact you should beware of Judith Reitman .
 Ugh , I gave this `` book '' one star because you ca n't give no stars , but that does not for one minute mean I think this piece of schlock excuse for a book has any merit whatsoever . Why do people write companion novels to great classics if they are going to change the author 's original premise ? Or in this case , crap all over it.Many people compare this novel to `` Wide Sargasso Sea '' and while I have never liked that either , because I feel that Jean Rhys also misrepresented Charlotte Bronte 's original intention , at least that book has the distinction of good writing . This one is n't good , in any way . There is simply not enough room to enumerate the faults of this book , but the other reviews have done an admirable job of listing them
 Before buying this book . I wish I had . I was disappointed in this book . Jane Eyre is one of my favorite novels , I also loved Wide Sargasso Sea , but this book is nowhere close to being as good . The reason this book failed is that the author tried to write a book that was an extention of Jane Eyre but could also stand alone . The problem with this is that the person most likely to read this book , fans of Jane Eyre , want to read about familiar characters and make connections to the original story , which this book fails to provide . Since this story is written by a different person and at a different time , it is understandable that the feel of the book is different , and I did not expect a book that was exactly like Jane Eyre . However , this book is billed as a companion to Jane Eyre so the author owes it to her readers to make a connection to the original story . Instead the author fails dismally in her attempt to reproduce the original characters . Every character was wrong and did not resemble the originals . The author portrayed Adele as a rebelious , scheming , unhappy girl , whereas in Jane Eyre Adele was happy if not resigned to her lot in life . Even the character of Jane Eyre is not portrayed accurately in this book . Speaking of accuracy , there are a lot of inaccuracies in this book . Like others have mentioned , it 's almost as if the writer had never read Jane Eyre . I think the writer chose to ignore certain facts in order to make the original story fit her own . This is a mistake as anyone who has read Jane Eyre will be annoyed by the inconsistencies . The grossest inconsistency being -LRB- in my mind -RRB- was the supposed murder of Bertha before she fell off the roof . It was made clear in Jane Eyre and earlier in this book that Bertha was seen and heard screaming before she jumped . Finally , I was most disappointed in the cheesy overwrought soap opera ending . Mrs. F as a murdering maniac who is so intent an Ingram/Rochester marriage that she kills the first wife and dangles the current wife over a ledge ? Unbelieveable . Even if I had never read Jane Eyre I still could have not enjoyed this book . The dark , garbled plot and all the twists and turns make this a difficult read .
 Alas , I can not say anything other regarding this ` hidden ' companion to Jane Eyre , than that it is dreadful . Having read several others of Tennant 's continuations , I ought to have known better . For once again the author has decided to refocus a well-known book to make it read as she thinks it ought to be seen.The book is mainly told from Adele 's point of view , changing as she ages in tone to reflect her new , less childish perspectives . Then there are also several changes to the narrative of other characters
 Having found this book , I thought the premise of a Jane Eyre retelling from Adele 's , Rochester 's daughter , point of view sounded interesting . The author 's name sounded familiar , but I could n't place her at the time . I was sure I had read one of her books before . If only I had remembered at the time , I would have never picked up this book , much less read it . Anyway , Rochester and Adele alternate the POVs in this novel -LRB- we also get narratives from Mrs. Fairfax and others -RRB- and it 's about Adele 's period in France , her somewhat cold and distant relationship with her father-slash-ward and her life in Thornfield Hall . Adele wants her parents to be together and sees Jane Eyre as a threat and an interloper . So she goes out of her way to criticize Jane and make her seem like nothing in Rochester 's eyes ... Does the plot sound absurd so far ? Well , believe me , it gets much , much worse . If you feel at all tempted to pick up this horrible book , I will spare you from spoiler details , but I will nevertheless vent my frustration from having read it and for not remembering the author . -LRB- I must warn you that this is more like a rant than a review . -RRB- The whole thing with Mrs. Fairfax , such a kind and wonderful character , is beyond ridiculous . Talk about character assassination ! Speaking of which , Rochester would never be that horrible to Jane or indeed anyone even if he is brooding and at times callous in Bronte 's masterpiece . Adele 's treating Jane like dirt is not worth mentioning , let alone get into detail . I will sum it up by saying that this Adele is depicted as a villain in a bad soap opera . The whole idea that Adele would dislike Jane so much is laughable . I could have appreciated Tennant 's parallels in terms of feminism from Adele 's viewpoint to that of Charlotte Bronte 's if it had n't been for the series of ridiculous plot twists that occur . The author takes so much artistic license it 's unbelievable . It would be like taking a copy of Jane Eyre and ripping it to shreds , only that this author chose to do that in writing . I do n't expect a sequel written by a different author to be as good as the original , but I do expect the work to at least reflect the original author 's vision of the character and plotline , and not the new author 's version of it . Take this wonderful example . Celine was pregnant by two men at the same time . Well , at least that 's what it sounded like to me based on the author 's explanation . Leaps of logic are found here , much like the other novel I had read by this author ... Emma Tennant is the author of the atrocious Pemberley , a sequel to Jane Austen 's Pride and Prejudice . As said earlier , if only I had remembered before picking up this book . The only good thing that came out of this is that I will most definitely remember Emma Tennant in the future . She is on my black list of authors never to read again .
 I received this book from a friend of mine who knew that Jane Eyre was one of my favorite books ... and it is only out of love for her that I finished it ... The idea of story of Jane Eyre being told through Ad&egrave;le 's perspective , at first , absolutely delighted me . But I had assumed that Emma Tennant would have at least STUCK TO Charlotte Bronte 's story!You start to read it and begin to note the creative liberties and changes that the author made ; they start small only startling you a little , making you wonder where the author 's twists intend to take you . Then it just becomes ridiculously laughable . LAUGH OUT LOUD laughable!It is a very ` creative ' story and an easy read -LRB- if your stomach can take it -RRB- . I only recommend this people who read Jane Eyre a loooooong loooong time ago , and only vaguely recollect events and names ... it will put the reader in the same frame of mind that the author was in .
 I picked this book up because I love Jane Eyre and had a renewed interest after seeing the excellent Masterpiece Theatre version last month . Emma Tennant has written a few sequels to Pride and Prejudice which were terrible , but I thought I 'd give her yet another chance . This book was so bad , I did n't even finish it . Too many narrators , characters inconsistent with the source material , idiotic storylines , etc. , etc.Don ' t waste your money .
 This poor excuse for a book is an insult to a classic . If Emma Tennant did actually read `` Jane Eyre , '' she misinterpreted it horribly . She basically took an excellent , excellent book , ripped it up , spit in it , and put it back together in a way that would send Charlotte Bronte to her window in vindictive ghost form.Mr . Rochester as a raging alcoholic ? That made me want to rip my hair out . The man 's not perfect , but he would never stoop as low as he did here . Yes , he 's detached and exasperated with Adele in `` Jane Eyre , '' but by no means would he be capable of such brutality.Mrs . Fairfax as a villian ? Where on earth did that come from ? `` Jane Eyre '' portrayed her clearly as a kindly old woman ; Emma Tennant just wanted to Hollywood it up . Nowadays , a character ca n't just_be_nice - they got to have something to hide . Again , Mrs. Fairfax - the REAL Mrs. Fairfax - would never have behaved in such a manner.The most enraging of complete-180 character distortion is the portrayal of Jane Eyre herself . She 's one of my most favorite literary characters ever - aside from Astrid from `` White Oleander '' - and to see her the way this amateur writer did made me throw the book against the wall . `` Adele '' is no more `` Jane Eyre '' than `` Eragon '' is to `` Lord of the Rings . `` Emma , just rename Pilot the dog `` Cujo '' and call it a day .
 The reviews -LRB- professional and amateur -RRB- tell you it 's bad , but you have no idea how bad it actually is until you read it . Check it out from the library
 The first half of the novel is well done , and enchanting in places . However , plot twists often become confusing , and by the last chapter , we are led to the most implausible surprise -- that Mrs. Fairfax was somehow the evil queen in all this . Nothing in the entire novel prepared us for this , and thus , it felt completely contrived . Perhaps the author was trying to be gothic , but she failed utterly to convince this reader . I felt cheated of the true richness and emotional depth that is `` Jane Eyre . ''
 If you read the book Jane Eyre you will soon understand the moral concept of what I am saying.When I bought this book I was hoping for a sequal . Instead Emma Tennant turned around all of Brontes work in to something awful and stupid . The worst part is they made Mrs. Fairfax the bad guy in this book . In Jane Eyre she was a good old lady servingthe house . But the way emma Tennant wrote the book she changed nearly half of what everything is supposed to be about.Also they rebuilt Thornfield . Confused ? Look at the name . It was a place of terror that held to many memories that haunted people .
 While I liked following the new perspectives of an old favorite , it seemed like Tennant was trying too hard to write as a classic . I was often confused by what she was writing . The wording/descriptions were awkward , difficult to follow , and not completely confident -LRB- or competent -RRB- .
 Yuck . This was terrible . First , there were too many narratives from too many people . Second , the original intent of all the characters was totally destroyed . Adele is portrayed as a schemer - even at one point believing she must kill Antoinette -LRB- Bertha , I suppose was not a glamourous enough name -RRB- because it might reunite her mother with Edward . Mr. Rochester has no redeaming qualities at all - he 's an abusive alcoholic . And Jane ! She is reduced to a simpleton who is oblivious to the world around her . Adele , who in the original book adored Jane as the only person who showed her kindness , says of Jane that she has a `` banality of mind . '' Do n't even get me started on Mrs. Fairfax !!!! Then there are the plot lines that are started , but never finished . Like the appearance of a brother somewhere at the end and endless streams of her mother 's lovers and friends . I kept reading in the hopes it would improve , but it did n't . I guess I 'm just glad that I got this book on the bargain shelf for 1/3 of the price listed . The bookstore obviously knew something I did n't !
 First published as `` Ad&egrave;le
 Not only is this book horribly written , but it is hard to follow . The author skips around , while changing the original premise of the book , so you are often at a loss about what is going on . It 's as if she 's trying to tell the `` real '' story of what happened in the original book . She throws in various hints at sadism and lesbianism , and I wonder if this was just to create a buzz about a book she herself knew would n't make much sense . The characters come off as disgusting , even making Jane a jello-headed twit . Adele is compared to Rochesters insane wife , and you will find it hard to find one sympathetic character . I was n't expecting much from this book , but it was much much worse than I would have thought . Do n't waste your time .
 Brilliant Idea
 I read this w / high anticipation but both the outlandish storyline and the unusually poor authorship made it a vast disappointment .
 I remember reading a portion of this novel in a class in which I read Jane Eyre . That excerpt sparked my interest but , when I started reading this novel , that interest was quickly sullied by the bad prose , inattention to detail , and the stupidity of the plot -LRB- especially toward the end -RRB- . This book is not worth your time or money . For a much better `` rewrite '' of Jane Eyre , read Jean Rhyss ' Wide Sargasso Sea .
 It 's an interesting concept , but if you love Jane Eyre , do n't read this book . The plot is slightly confusing , but besides that , there are many small details from Jane Eyre that the author has either changed or seemed to miss entirely . I expected a romance , but instead , I found something that trashed the story of Jane and Edward Rochester .
 Jane Eyre 's hidden story , this is not , as most of the events in this book are pretty ludicrous and unrealistic and it 's highly unlikely this is what happened behind the scenes . Adele says it rightly at one point in the novel when she remarks that Jane is the one who sees things clearly . The novel is not totally from Adele 's point of view , though , often a chapter is devoted to Grace , Mr. Rochester 's , or Mrs. Fairfax 's thoughts , and it was difficult to decide what was really happening with the characters with so many different viewpoints . Mrs. Fairfax for example thinks Mr. Rochester is really in love with Blanche and wanted to marry her instead of Jane , Adele thinks Mr. Rochester still loves Celine and would want her to come back , Mr. Rochester does n't help by seeming to think about Celine often before and somewhat after he meets Jane . Grace is just in it for herself and is probably the most honest character in this story.This story just felt confusing and all over the place , and although at first I thought it was an interesting idea to tell the story from Adele 's viewpoint , reading this story I realized she was really too young and could n't have known much about what was happening . And her thoughts do not lend any cohesiveness to the story because she vacillates in her feelings so much . The author did have some interesting ideas and changes to the story of what went on behind Jane 's back , and I did like how Adele grows as a character and realizes what a positive influence Jane has been on her life . The tone of the characters was also pretty well done - I did n't have too much of a problem with how the author painted them . The ending however kind of ruined the half-regard I was having for this story though . There was a pretty over the top twist that was truly unbelievable and ridiculous and disappointing since the story seemed headed towards a nice conclusion until it made a complete u-turn for crazy town . This is such an uneven story , that I can only think that die-hard Jane Eyre fans that need to read everything related to the original novel -LRB- like myself -RRB- would find any reason to read it .
 I purchased and read this book after reading several other negative reviews because I 'm stubborn . I wish I 'd saved my money . The story is -LRB- I 'm not sure I have the words to describe it -RRB- vague , disjointed . Even than does n't seem like an adequate description . It 's almost as if the author were hallucinating ... it just does n't make much sense a lot of the time . I 'm currently reading `` Jane Eyre 's Daughter '' and enjoying it much more . If you love `` Jane Eyre '' and want a sequel that you can actually understand , I 'd recommend `` Jane Eyre 's Daughter '' but ABSOLUTELY NOT `` Thornfield Hall '' unless you 're in the mood for a psychadelic acid trip .
 Have you ever read a book on a subject with which you have some expertise and wonder if the writer is just making things up as he goes along ? This was nearly the experience in reading this book by Duncan Lindsey a UCLA professor.The first problem is that Lindsey takes the shotgun approach to arguing his points against the existing child protective services system . Instead of centering his arguments on a few specific issues and developing his thesis , he tries to address every conceivable aspect of the child welfare system and liberally scatters his thoughts and comments without a strong basis of analysis . The result is a loose confederation of ideas none of which with a firm foundation for acceptance.The second problem is that Lindsey attempts to address issues for which he does not seem to have actual knowledge . His attack on the legal basis of the child protective system , for being a civil model rather than a criminal model , is amateurish -LRB- at best -RRB- . His understanding of the social workers management of the case lacks first hand understanding of the field . I wanted to give some examples to explain my points , but it would result in a much longer review than what I prefer . It must suffice to say that I believe the professor 's expertise is apparently more academic and esoteric than real life.A third problem is Lindsey 's contradicting himself in various parts of his book . For example , he spends time discussing how children 's deaths is increasing , but in another chapter argues that death is but a small area of concern for protecting children . He titles this later chapter as `` Child abuse , the red herring of child welfare . '' Therefore , he argues that the current system is not doing enough to protect children from destructive parents , but argues that too much of the same system focuses on a problem that is a small issue in child welfare . So which is it?It is unfortunate that the author did not sacrifice a couple of hundred pages and written a monograph on one of his points . Then he could have provided a document worth quoting and considering . Instead , we have a lengthy diatribe absent developed charges worth remembering .
 I read this book and I found that , though the story idea was okay , the author used too much description and not enough action and wrecked what could have been an excellent book
 This guide is only useful if you 're planning to visit the Iran of 2000 years ago . Practical information is non-existant , hardly any reasonable hotels are mentioned and there are few if any travel details . Unlike most Bradt guides it 's written for scholars and archeologists and not travellers who need detailed information about this complex country .
 This book talks about Roald Dahl when he was young . He took part in the Second World War and this book deals with the time he went flying with the RAF in the war . Everyone dislikes going on wars but Roald Dahl enjoyed it . He thought that it was a free travel and it was interesting . He described all the interesting and exciting events happening to him . After three years of fighting and flying , due to the severe head injuries he had received when his Gladiator crashed in the Western Desert , he must on no account fly a fighter plane again and so went back home . I do not enjoy the story because I do not like wars . Wars are terrible and Roald Dahl described how he helped the others fight and how the others were shot and died . I felt upset when I read this book . I think this book is thick . The plot goes slowly and it makes the story boring .
 Synopsis
 The seller was great and I had no issues with them . The book itself is apparently a defective edition . I checked with others and all the images are missing starting after page 202 . Not good .
 This book/map , which is the fourth map from the Pratchett multiverse , is for the avid reader who has all the books by Terry Pratchett and is desperate enough for more material that he shells out twenty bucks to get more.The writing is excellent , as always , but there are only 23 -LRB- quick count -RRB- pages of it . The rest of the product -LRB- except for the title pages etc. -RRB- consists of a large map following the same standard as the three other maps . The problem with it is that it does n't enhance the reading of the novels in any way at all . The first two maps , Ankh-Morpork and , to a lesser degree , Discworld , added to the fun by letting the reader follow the protagonists ' journeys while reading the novels . This map from the domain of one of Discworld 's most amusing and easiest recognizable characters does no such thing . It is nice-looking but nothing more . It does n't really tell me anything more about Discworld than that its author has no intention to starve.What I really would wish is a collection of the text-bits from the maps together with Terry 's excellent short stories in one book . That way we could avoid all the empty filling.Ok , here 's the full quote
 I 've attempted to get Amazon to change this as well as to contact the publisher . Thomas Jefferson had NOTHING to do with the writing of the Constitution of the United States . It was written by the Continental Congress primarily by James Madison and James Monroe while Jefferson was in France . Jefferson penned the Declaration of Independence ... not the Constitution ! I would n't care but for the continuing ignorance of the origins of our country being consistently on display here and elsewhere ! Dear publisher ... fix this !!!
 Woody Leonard has some talent . However , this author 's talent was systematically derailed by shallow , fundamentally-flawed editing that left the book , FORGOTTEN STAR , a mere shadow of its original intent.The author has a knack for storytelling ; this is more than abundant as we read about a Hollywood icon 's self-imposed exile , her escape nurtured by benevolent allies in and out of the motion picture industry . The author has considerable knowledge concerning Hollywood 's gilded era , along with a gift for description of the bleak northwest Oklahoma landscape -- hauntingly beautiful in its natural desolation.Yet , unfortunately , the poor editing gets in the way.To all authors eagerly publising their works via these problematic houses
 I was quite excited to discover a book set in the area of the country where I grew up . When I saw the 5 star rating - I could n't wait for the book to arrive . No words can truly express my disappointment with this book . Mr. Leonard 's story has potential , but I had trouble following it due to all of the grammatical errors and typos . The storyline was a good one , but it was impossible to comprehend fully due to the poor editing job . Mr. Leonard might have writing skills , but his decision making skills when it comes to editing leads to the demise of this book . Margot Durning deserves better .
 I had the `` opportunity '' to take a `` racism '' class with Professor Fenelon -LRB- forwards page vii and iv -RRB- who uses this book as required text.The main theme of the book is that the dominant/privileged `` white '' -LRB- man usually -RRB- yields an ever growing paintbrush that he uses to mask the entire country with his racist dominance . Thus , no matter if you do not believe yourself to participate in some form of racist thinking , no matter your race , the white paint has already enveloped the country -- and you as well . He indirectly makes the point that even races other than white use the white paintbrush to demote those who are different in their own race and other races on the hierarchical scale.The book also makes the point that the racist people who are described in the testimonies are actually the spokespersons for the rest of the `` true white ideology , '' or are they are the direct effect of corruption by the white ideology . Those who are not as vocal do n't necessarily disagree with the comments and beliefs but are only silent because of fear of obtaining the title of `` racist . `` Frankly , the book is over the top . The testimonials are all very similar and -LRB- sorry if you do n't believe me -RRB- exaggerated . Is there still racism in America -- yes ; has the government and the society been actively fighting against discriminatory actions -- yes ; will racism ever die out -- no.The problem I have with this book is that it depicts the white race as being inherently evil . Where all the negative comments made by whites are evidence enough for labeling themselves as victims . There are numerous accounts depicting the dominant white run society negatively effecting children and students and spouses and parents and siblings ... No matter what way you turn it the white man is at fault for someones hurt feelings.The solutionTHe white man needs 1 -RRB- to overcome denial 2 -RRB- become aware of privilege 3 -RRB- the minorities need to stop hating themselves 4 -RRB- everyone needs to become aware of self involvement .
 There was n't much of a plot . The author , used commas , just about , everywhere . Made it very difficult to read . It might have been avant-garde when it was introduced in the early 19th century but now , it 's just a slow read where nothing happens .
 I read about halfway through this book , and then I gave up . I read James ' `` Turn of the Screw , '' and `` Daisy Miller '' in high school , and I remember liking the former and thinking the latter was just okay . -LRB- I know , I know , it 's a major classic by one of America 's most celebrated writers , but just because something has merit does n't mean I like it better . -RRB- One of my all time favorite books was James ' `` Washington Square . '' It 's hard for me to believe that the same man wrote `` Square '' and `` Maisie . '' This book is only for MAJOR Henry James enthusiasts .
 I 'd read The Ambassadors , Portrait of a Lady , and a bunch of short stories - and I flipped through two introductions that said that this was perhaps one of James 's most succesful works , so I picked it up.What I discovered is that those introduction writers are crazy . This book is incredibly boring . It is , of course , well-written , and there are no parts that I can identify as specifically bad - but it fails to live , it fails to arouse any interest . Despite a surprisingly lurid and eventful plot , with people changing partners all the time , none of the characters ever feel really THERE.Maybe it 's because the adults are the genuine focus of the book , with Maisie just the hub around which they spin , and using her perspective was too limiting
 I am not a Henry James fanatic , as a matter of fact , this is the first work of his that I have read , and with that I must say that this novel is horribly written and completely unrealistic in it 's portrayal of the child , Maisie and especially her dialogue . I have been assigned to read this for an english class as an undergrad and I have tolerated many a badly executed idea ... but never like this . Boring , boring , and more boring . And as a result , I am comnpletely turned off to James other works . I hear his other works are great ... read those first , you may fair better .
 This is so typical of H. James writing ... very , make that incredibly , dense . Wordy beyond belief . At a pace that surely puts me fast asleep after a mere 2 pages . A ridiculous pair of uncaring parents essentially abandon their daughter to whomever comes along . As an amazing coincidence , the divorced parents each take a new spouse only to watch the wife of one have an affair with the husband of the other . If you are really into dialogue that no one has ever spoken in the history of English and willing to devote hours to really obscure language construction , this is the very winner for you .
 It 's his style I ca n't get my arms around ... conceptually interesting , but his writing here flows like a gutter clogged with leaves , only occasionally achieving the fluidity I look for in fine writing . I chose it because it was shorter than some of the more famous ones . Life is too short . I 'll sell it back .
 I do n't regret having read this book , but I would n't recommend it to anyone who is n't already into Henry James . The style is hard to understand , apparently because it was dictated , and the subject matter is even more obscure . I do n't think Henry James had much experience with children
 I respect Dr. Geisler very much , not only for his clear brilliance , but for his obvious Christian devotion . He has done a tremendous amount of good for the Christian Church and this should not be forgotten . However , upon reading all four volumes of his systematic theology , I have found them failing to provide a sound Biblical construct . By this I mean that Dr. Geisler frequently misuses and misrepresents Scripture and various theological schools of thought -LRB- Calvinism most often -RRB- to make better use out of his own position ; which I believe , if we are to use Scripture as our standard , is utterly and hopelessly flawed . He asserts man 's freedom of will while reducing God to a mere observer of His creation , on the knife 's edge of deistic reservation . He has given himself the title of `` Moderate Calvinist '' while not only disbelieving all of the Five Points of Calvinism in their true form , but resenting and renaming those who hold to the Five Points as `` extreme '' , lumping together both Calvinism and Hyper-Calvinism without line or distinction . He holds that man is capable of inclining himself to God , even though the Bible makes clear that man is totally dead in sin . He holds that God only foresees our own decision to place our faith in Him , yet the Bible unmistakably puts forth the doctrine of eternal predestination of those whom He has granted both faith and grace . He holds that God makes salvation conditional by Christ 's life and work , while the Bible undeniably states that Christ died to make salvation actual . He holds that God 's grace is resistible by all , presuming then , none could have been saved by Christ 's atonement . Once again , he places all of the work of salvation in the hands of men and snatches it from the hand of God . The one point that he appears to agree with Calvinism is in the point of eternal security . However , his doctrine is much different than that of Perseverance of the Saints . Calvinists believe that Christ chose some for salvation and died to save them , working in them and , by the power of the Holy Spirit , keeping them until the final judgment , not by any endurance or will of their own , but wholly by the sovereign grace and power of God . Geisler , contrary to this , asserts that once man chooses God , God is then under obligation to him to save him , regardless of the fruit he bears.It seems here that Dr. Geisler wants it both ways , He wants to be totally free from God 's control , and yet totally under His sovereign grace until judgment . For a man who prides himself on theology consistency , I find this contradiction especially peculiar.Man , according to Geisler , is the axis point upon which all of salvation occurs . It is saddening to see a man trusted by so many to be teaching such poor doctrine . It is equally as saddening to see how quickly an old heresy -LRB- Pelagianism -RRB- can become the new orthodoxy .
 This book was a complete waste of money . I learned nothing that I did n't already know . The author also has a preachy , holier than thou style that is extremely grating . I was embarassed to have spend good money on this book .
 This book contains dated material . As of january 1 , 2008 the Rules and the decisions of golf have been substantial changes . All of then good and many of them will come into play every day . Also , the author references 5 dumest interpretations and goes on to state that Rules officials should not be so strict in interpreting the Rules . While that may be a nice thought , the realities are that the writers of the Rules -LRB- The USGA and The R&A -RRB- put enormous thought into the way the rules are written so that Officials in the field can uniformly interpret the rules . The Officials have no room for error in ensuring that all players are playing by the same rules and playing on a level playing field . It is an interesting book , just do n't make any wagers based on what you read inside . If you really want to understand the rules purchase the publication
 Writer went on and on about nothing . Wish he would have spent some time explaining the rule in plain english
 There are no explanations at all on the answers . The answers are only A.B.C.etc . They did not tell you `` why '' . Besides , the CD sound quality is so bad , and you can not repeat the specific questions you want to listen . You have to repeat the whole section from the beginning , and it wasts my time.It ca n't even compare to Delta 's Key to TOEFL -LRB- CD-ROM -RRB- -LRB- 5 * -RRB- and Barron 's TOEFL 10th Edition -LRB- 4 * -RRB- ,
 Book was in ok condition . Boring read though . The stories were told then updated then updated again I would n't re-read .
 I like werewolves , I like erotica , and I 'm fine with m/m sex . Why did n't I enjoy this book , then ? The plot was , frankly , a bit more nonexistent than I was expecting -- the sex begins on Page 5 and continues almost unabated until Page 129 . Most of it 's quite repetitive . Adam finds Connor unconscious , takes him in and cares for him , and they start having sex about twenty minutes after Connor awakes . When they 're not having sex , there 's some talking , but Adam reveals little -LRB- he gets few lines other than `` you are in my heart , adada -LSB- an endearment in his people 's language -RSB- . '' It 's not utterly bad sex . It 's even interestingly werewolfy sex , to a point . But I can only read the same scene repeated over and over so long before I start flipping forward and wondering if anything else is going to happen . Are we going to meet Adam 's people or understand what it means to be him ? Not really . Are any epiphanies going to happen with less expository subtlety than a sledgehammer ? Not really . -LRB- `` In his heart , Greg knew the man was right . The scarf was his constant reminder of his responsibility and obligation to the clinic and the people of his adopted town . '' -RRB- Greg , Connor 's insensitive ex , also eventually learns the joys of being on the receptive end of werewolf sex , which turns the person so involved into a werewolf himself . The werewolves seem careful about obtaining consent for the sex , but do n't actually mention the bit about turning furry until much later -LRB- and for all the dramatic '' ... and surviving the experience '' talk , there 's no actual implication that werewolves are in the habit of killing their lovers -RRB- . We do n't learn much about what being a werewolf is like , in any case ; the book cuts off as soon as Connor transforms for the first time -LRB- and has some more sex -RRB- . Reviews mentioning ` plot ' and ` character development ' influenced my purchase of the book . I wish they had n't . These are cardboard characters , and the prose has all the cliched grace of a lead balloon -LRB- `` Greg let enough sarcasm into his voice to let her know her opinion would n't faze him in the least one way or the other . '' -RRB- . Blood runs cold , someone takes a deep ` breathe , ' and people say things like , `` I never noticed how muscular your arms were before . '' We 're repeatedly told the sex -LRB- and the relationship -RRB- are meaningful without being shown any actual closeness developing between these two men who 've known each other for just a few days by the end of the book.I appreciate a well-written sex scene as well as anybody , but at nearly ten cents a page , this was n't remotely worth it . The book reads like fanfiction , and so I 'm not terribly surprised to read in the biography that that 's where the author ` got her start , ' or that her credits include `` unsold screenplays . '' Know what you 're buying .
 If you 're going to read this book , take a buddy . You 'll need them to keep you from clawing your own eyes out.Besides the pseudo-bestiality , what else has gone wrong ? Hmm . Flat characterization . Men with all of the emotional depth of twelve year old girls . Sex scenes that defy all physical possibility . Yes , it 's fantasy . I mean , BESIDES the part where the guy turns into a wolf partway through coitus . I 'm talking about `` channels '' that are apparently self-lubing , because the author does n't help him out . I 'm talking about non-existent refractory periods . There 's also just something about the book that makes me think that the author has n't 1 -RRB- met many gay men , 2 -RRB- does n't know much about gay sex , 3 -RRB- watch any gay porn , 4 -RRB- know many men at all , or 5 -RRB- done any research on Alaska or lived in a cold climate . Apparently the author spent all of her research time on dog wang.Futhermore , the author totally Otherizes the Native American protagonist and reduces him to the object of some kind of jungle fever . It 's kind of offensive . Oh ! Oh ! Oh ! And she actually uses a phrase that 's like , `` It 's the female in you that allows you to be attracted to men , '' so she 's TOTALLY conflating transgenderism with homosexuality , and THAT 'S pretty offensive , too.Anyway , this book reads like bad fanfic , so if that 's what you 're into , you should enjoy it . But if you 're into bad fanfic , why pay for it ? Great gag gift , though .
 I think had this book been labelled `` romantic erotica '' instead of romance , I would have been less disappointed with the story . Because having the characters say ' I love you ' a lot does n't make it a romance -LRB- especially when they 've known each other for all of a day -RRB- ! Both Connor and Adam felt very ` flat ' to me - there was n't anything to differentiate them from the surrounding characters , and the surrounding characters were n't painted all that vividly either . It 's hard to get into a story like this when you do n't care what happens to the characters . The heavy-handed exposition and info dumping was also quite irritating , as was the fetishization of aboriginal people .
 This short , rather expensive m/m romance will probably please anyone looking for a quick read scattered with nicely executed sex scenes.The supernatural touch and the Alaskan setting will add to the pleasure with their exoticism.Ms Baumbach is a professional , she apparently set herself a task and she achieved it brilliantly
 Most of the story took place in a single cabin and was intense sex . Do n't get me wrong , I love sex but not at the sacrfice of storyline . The story felt rushed and like there were too many things for such a short book and too many questions left unanswered . I loved the sex scenes at first , especially the canine overtones involved in the werewolf action , however , it became redundant and I found myself skimming over and through them . Certain words , phrases and descriptions were repeated to often or too close together . one metaphor I LOVED was the one about the child 's toy scattering . Also , if you make a point of a character not putting on socks , do n't have his lover take them off later . Overall it was a fun read and I would love to explore more works by this author before writing her off , especially since I adore some of her colleagues ' work , unfortunately I have to write off this story . If you have some time to kill between bus stops and on your work break read this but do n't add it to your book club list or curl up with it on a rainy day .
 The title is unfair , because it leads you to think that you will actually have a solid vocal lessons book on heavy metal , It ai n't true . the book should have been titled `` Interviews with heavy rock singers '' . Now `` Bill Martin '' who ever you are , your book !! sucks !! . If the title would have been another , then it probably would n't suck . I wish somebody would write a real book on heavy rock singing . There are a lot of kids outhere that would love to learn this technique , and it is not fair that jerks that are n't even singers , take advantage of this by putting misleading titles to there books just to sell them .
 I purchased this book to get ideas for cake decorating which is something I just started doing . It was a lovely book and she 's quite talented , but this was way out of my league , so I ended up returning it . The cakes were far too intricate and detailed for an amateur baker , in my opinion . I ca n't see myself doing anything nearly this complex anytime real soon and not without many more cake decorating classes !
 Whilst some of the cakes offered are impressive , it is overall a dissapointing cake book . The recipes and techniques are difficult.Generally the cake designs are a bit scary - and not at all suitable for younger children .
 The author -LRB- translator ? -RRB- ignores the standard use of quotation marks . This makes it extremely difficult to follow conversations in the book . So I was completely distracted from the actual content of the book .
 After reading this book , I am very surprised that this author won the Nobel Prize . I did not find this book ingenious ; I found it ponderous and laboured . The idea behind the story is intriguing , but the potential is never realized . The style of writing is such that the reader must really work to follow what is going on . In my case , the story and the protagonist were not sufficiently interesting to warrant such effort .
 I 'm sure Saramago 's Nobel Prize was not based on this work . Not one person in my book group was able to finish this book because of the tedious , run-on sentences -LRB- the first chapter is all one sentence -RRB- , and characters too shallow to care about plodding further . The initial premise was interesting -- how one word could change the entire perspective of historical events -- but failed to deliver .
 my whole reading group found this book extreamely dissappointing . It was the first time in years that most of us did not finish a book we were going to discuss . While Saramago 's idea of imagining what would happen if the iberian penninsula were to break off from the rest of Europe is mildly amusing , after twenty pages , he runs out of ideas and keeps repeating himself over and over , in long complex sentances that take quite an effort to read . he does not develope interesting caracters - he creates a series of stick figures . there is no real plot to speak of , just a series of random travels . maybe the magic of this book is completely lost in translation .
 After reading The year of the death of Ricardo Reis a book I thought was one of the best ever written and Blindness -LRB- not quite the best book ever written -RRB- I thought by buying this I was in for a good read ... wrong!Jose Saramago continues his bizarre obsession with young women being attracted to decrepid old men -LRB- as he does in all his books -RRB- The story is thin , uninteresting and leads nowhere and the siege -LRB- read massacre -RRB- of the Muslims of Lisbon by the ` brave ' crusader knights seems to have little to do with the plot apart from add a little sexual sleeze -LRB- the gang rape of a Arab woman by crusader knights -RRB- and some ill placed Portuguese nationalism .
 The one line summary says it all . A perefct ornament . Reading it is a different story . Very poorly written or an incredibly poor translation . Can you imagine writing like this ? Hooray to the run on sentences ! Grade F
 I thought this book was one of the worst textbooks I have ever picked up . The best thing about it was finishing it ! Organizational Behavior is not the only class I am taking and yet I poured way more time and effort into reading this book than it deserved . It is NOT student friendly . There are no callouts and I simply believe there is a better way to deliver this information than I experienced in this text . That 's not to say there is n't a ton of good information in it , but that it 's poorly organized and assumes that the reader is familiar with organizational behavior and will know the references the author names by last name only . Also , the entire first chapter was spent telling the reader what he will learn in the remaining 17 chapters . Get on with it . Throughout , the author continues to reference what the reader will learn in upcoming chapters . STOP IT . Revise this piece of junk to something more student-friendly . When I am a teacher , I will not come close to asking my students to use this . I do not recommend this book for someone who is not planning on becoming an organizational behavior major . If you 're a teacher , please do n't ask your student to read this . Terrible .
 I used this book for an Organizational Behavior graduate course . The overall topic is very interesting , however , the book is incredibly hard to get through . It seems that all of the long drawn out chapters could be cut down easily to a tenth of their size , while still conveying all the necessary information . I found myself spending several hours reading each of the chapters , only to find that the same information was just being regurgitated over and over again . And I had to read many of the sentences over and over until they made sense . Though such an interesting topic , it was difficult , time consuming , and frustrating to get through the whole book .
 This was one of the worst textbooks I 've ever read . It drones on in excruciating detail for pages before finally stating the main point or idea . People do n't think that way . State what you 're talking about and then give the supporting details and examples . Not the other way around . It is a very frustrating read . I had to reference other resources in order understand the theories and concepts presented in this book .
 This book is about inflicting pain on the reader . It is incredibly difficult to understand and absorb the ideas presented in this book , as the author has a dull , long-winded , and pedantic writing style . Requires rereading many sentences , often just to understand the sentence structure itself , let alone its meaning and context within that section of the book . I ca n't believe the author intended this as an introduction to Organizational Behavior .
 This book is not cram at all . Not even detail to cover up the exam . I think only good as extra reference for studying . It is waste of money .
 This book is good for extr reference , however there is not enought information to pass the exam . I think this book did not meet the standard of exam cram . Topic is too general when you compare it with other sources . This is a waste.Info is out of date , too
 This book is good for extr reference , however there is not enought information to pass the exam . I think this book did not meet the standard of exam cram . Topic is too general when you compare it with other sources . This is a waste.Info is out of date , too
 There are three general approaches to breastfeeding books
 As a first time nursing mother , I found this book repetitive and the layout confusing , with many `` refer to this section and that section '' references -LRB- without page numbers -RRB- and little help . Some of the information is out of date . I recommend Jack Newman 's `` Ultimate Breastfeeding Book of Answers '' as the absolute best source for a new mom .
 Most of the advice provided in this book can be obtained for free -LRB- and more consisely -RRB- from your OB/GYN , hospital and health insurance company . The only parts I found useful were the appendices for drug interaction during breastfeeding and contact information for nursing products . BEWARE ! Advice given in this book for starting solid foods contradicts the current guidelines given by the American Academy of Pediatrics -- some foods recommended in this book are peanut butter , whole eggs and some nitrate-rich foods that should be avoided/given in moderation until your child is older . I would much rather follow the advice of a full-fledged DOCTOR .
 I bought the book since I was suffering from this extreme pain after nursing and none of the doctors I was going to really knew what was going on . After doing research in the internet , I figured it was thrush and the book was of no use to me , since it does not cover thrush
 I grudgingly give this book two stars for its basic information in providing essential breastfeeding information . However , other , less condescending manuals provide this as well . A word of advice for mother 's with ambiguous feelings regarding breastfeeding , mothers unable to breastfeed for whatever reason
 I found out that the author of this book is taking money from formula companies . Apparently she works for a company that accepts formula advertisements . It 's difficult to believe objective advice on breastfeeding can come from an author being paid by the formula industry . That 's like the cigarette industry giving advice on quitting smoking .
 A reference book is only as good as its index , and this one was terrible ! The book contains valuable information for the new breastfeeding mother . However , the index was the worst I have ever used . There would be 10-20 pages sited for a word or topic , most of which only mentioned the word in passing , or not at all . Unless you plan on reading this book cover to cover -LRB- and think you will be able to remember everything you have read -RRB- find a different book .
 ... why I even got this book . It was one of those free ones they offered . A few day 's of my time wasted
 This textbook is boring and more about other people 's experience than actually explaining Hospitality Information Systems . While beneficial , too much reading about other people 's lives gets old real fast .
 With an absolute grip on detail , Gore Vidal describes an era
 I bought this book because it was ostensibly about Hollywood during the golden days of the silent movies . I found the beginning of the book so tedious I actually stopped reading it -- starting over again a few months later . After at least one hundred boring pages introducing endless Washington characters -LRB- trying to sort out their relationships to each other is mind numbing -RRB- , you finally get a glimpse of Hollywood . The book then goes back and forth , with the majority of `` action '' -LRB- a term I use very loosely -RRB- taking place in the east . I enjoyed the last fifty pages or so . If you like Gore Vidal , okay read it . But if you are interested in old Hollywood -- I suggest you skip this book and find something else .
 Although my kids -LRB- 5 , 4 , and 2 -RRB- enjoy the pictures , the storyline felt disconnected/lacked smooth transitions . I had to explain a lot of what was going on to my kids rather than the story telling itself as most children 's books do .
 this book is impossible to read unless you already know the Ukraine and English language . The book is not written in the `` English Alphabet '' to be able to read the Ukraine language .
 La novela es genial , inmortal , imperecedera . Pero esta versi&oacute;n que vende Amazon es un versi&oacute;n recortada e incompleta , casi la mitad de la novela que autoriz&oacute; Tolstoi . No s&eacute; si es la misma versi&oacute;n que edita en papel la editorial Juventud que es la mitad de la novela completa . Fue un chasco para m&iacute; descubrirlo , pues ya la ten&iacute;a en papel en la edici&oacute;n de Planeta con la traducci&oacute;n de Alc&aacute;ntara y La&iacute;n Entralgo e introducci&oacute;n de Eduardo Mendoza y al compararlas me di cuenta . Espero que Amazon ponga a la venta esta novela en la versi&oacute;n completa , preferiblemente en la traducci&oacute;n de Lydia Kuper . Pr eso mi valoraci&oacute;n es por esta versi&oacute;n en concreto no a la novela en s&iacute; .
 When it was written -LRB- in 1993 -RRB- it was a fairly useful book on computer fonts . Today most of the technology has changed so many topics are irrelavent . For example , in this time before True Type fonts were widely available , he discusses non-scable fonts , font cartridges and dot matrix printers . Also the last third of the book , which contains specimens of fonts , addresses for font vendors and reference books , is also out date .
 I borrowed a teammate 's copy of this book and was disappointed . I would agree Ms. Hall has certain gifts as a writer and I 'm sure journaling this was therapeutic for her , but I think I 'd like to read her husband 's account as well - like the old saying goes , it takes two to tango . Fortunately most gen x women finally understand that economic self-sufficiency & having one 's own career is the way to go from the beginning -LRB- i.e. , to avoid dependence on another -RRB- .
 Many reviews led me to believe this book would be inspirational ... but I just found myself thinking that Sara Hall was the most histrionic writer that I have read in years ... her approach to her children was deplorable , her constant perseveration and use of unnecessary language made the book difficult to finish . HIGHLY NOT RECOMMENDED !!!
 The Rhythm in Sara Hall 's book is NOT sculling , as one is led to believe in the reviews . The book is a self-serving account of Ms Hall 's priviledged life in which she seeks to blame her dispair in her adult life on incidents of abuse in her preteen years . She ridicules her life as a mother , trivializing the importance of being a presence in her childrens early years . Her life with her husband IS tragic , is it any of our business ? She wants us to believe that winning is not what is important to her , yet the bulk of discussion on rowing focused on her accomplishments , placements , and medals . This is one of the worst books I have ever read , a complete disappointment .
 Interesting info on rowing , but are n't there 2 sides to every story ? Written like a personal diary -
 The book did not seem very well thought out as a book in itself . The information within was very minor , and the routines did not seem as ultimate as the cover suggested in achieving the athletic body or performance as Dan O'Brien possesses . The most disturbing aspect was the graphic content inside . Most exercise demonstrations were in pencil sketch . Text was large , as if filling up space , and the design concept at the start of each chapter was too busy . It had the feel of a rushed book , and that Dan did n't even have time to perform the routines himself so drawings were made of him instead ; which made knowing how to perform the workouts correctly & safely difficult to gauge . It also lost the personal touch that most books have because I never felt that Dan was actually there with me at every step .
 Book is too basic . Majority covers very basic program functionality that is already present in the help - if you need pretty pictures that tell you when to press the ` next ' button or ` ok ' button then this book is for you . If on the other hand you already know how to enter a deposit and know how to reconcile your account , I suggest you try another book .
 I find it interesting that Microsoft expects to profit from this book when the `` instructional booklet '' they inlcuded with their software is so clearly deficient .
 I 'm sorry but referencing Rumi ? I do n't think you ever even read it . Judging from the interpretation that this silly Aesop fable has anything at all to do with of - The Mouse and The Frog , Rumi 's Mathnawi , the author completely misses the point and takes a very lazy view of the meaning of this great poetic work . The Mouse and The Frog is a powerful LOVE STORY not a tale of ~ revenge presented by this author . READ THE ORIGINALS YOURSELVES , PEOPLE !
 This translation goes so far as to change gender in these fables . -LRB- For instance the fox that fools the monkey king becomes ` her ' in this ` translation ' . It totally changes what the fable is delivering , injecting a lame , shallow feminist theme where one never existed before . -RRB- For anyone who knows fables and folk tale type works every detail has meaning , and changing a detail as central as gender is like gluing a new appendage to a famous sculpture.Ms . Gibbs has molested these ancient fables . Her ` work ' does n't deserve to be mentioned even as a translation.May the sick academic culture that produces such shameless , pedestrian acts somehow , some way come to an end soon.Pathetic .
 It is rather sad that someone who sets herself up as being scholarly can not accurately interpret the meaning of those simple fables . For example , the tale of ` Zeus and the Tortoise ' # 508 has no connection whatsoever to ` home is best ' but , more accurately , that ` there is no God but there is Mammon ' or alternatively , ` he who weilds the sword never wears the crown ' ! There is a profound social message to learn from all Aesop 's fables but regretfully many do not originate from his pen but accreted around his tales with the passing of time .
 It 's been a number of years since I read this short work for my Pre-1900s British Novels class as an undergraduate , and while my memory is a little fuzzy on the details , my general impression of dislike and boredom is crystal clear . While I 'm sure there is complexity in the words , it 's hard to overlook the basic fact that almost nothing happens in this first of the sentimental novels.However , I can readily admit that it 's obviously at least somewhat preference given all the glowing reviews I have found . I like my books character driven . The kind of characters that I walk away feeling like I know them personally and am sad to part ways . While Yorick is the driving force , he lacked that depth.We followed it up with Evelina by Burney , which was far more enjoyable .
 I brought the first two volume of this translation . What a complete waste of money . The chinese story is funny , vivid , and full of life . However , this translation sucks all the complexity , life , and wonder from the story . If there were only this translation , no one would care about this story . For those who are only able to know about this chinese story from this translation , they will never understand that this was Jin Yong 's -LRB- Louis Cha -RRB- last and perhaps , greatest novel.It 's just really sad that because of this translation , no one else will now do a real translation of this great story in english .
 I work on at a large investment bank in NY in the M&A department . I have yet to see any of the McKinsey consultants ' formulas in practice . I like the Jeffrey Hooke book on valuation or the Josh Rosenbaum book on LBOs and value . Good luck on finding deals .
 This is a good intro to give the basics of valuation for `` old economy '' businesses . It determines the valuation of companies based almost exclusively on their cash flow over the previous few years -LRB- i.e. , 3 , 5 and 7 year periods -RRB- to the analysis . Unfortunately it ignores -LRB- completely -RRB- too many issues that play an extremely important role in valuation . For example , the quality , background , knowledge of management , the products the company manufactures , the markets for these products , macroeconomic conditions , intellectual property , market position -LRB- i.e. , oligopolistic ? Is entry/exit difficult in the industry ? -RRB- . Not one of these issues is even touched upon !!! The authors seem to be implying that these issues are irrelevant !! Only the cash flow over the previous few years forecast forward -LRB- i.e. , discounted for present value -RRB- matters according to the book !!! Perhaps this type of mentality explains why the overwhelming majority of mergers and acquistions fail !!!! If you are looking purely for a way to use past cash flows to determine a company 's `` value '' this is the book for you . If you are looking for a discussion of just about any other factor affecting valuation , forget it .
 Author 's claim as best 1,000 pages on HTML is a big lie . The writing is second rate . It does n't even get to HTML for hundreds of pages . When it does it goes on and on about standard HTML . When it finally gets to HTML 4 thats when you discover theres not much really . Terribly worser is everything there is n't does n't work . Nothing they told me worked in my browser . WHY ???
 I have now struggled with this book for many hours , and I am still in ignorance of such basic things as `` where is white space allowed in HTML , '' `` when is it case-sensitive , if ever , '' and `` when are double quotes required and when not . '' This book may or may not be a good reference -- I ca n't tell -- but if you are trying to get started , it is not the right book .
 This book is quite possibly the worst source of technical information I 've ever seen -LRB- and the only one I 've reviewed -RRB- . The first 4 chapters are filled with useless trivia about the origins of HTML - and SGML - and the DTD . After reading the first few mind-numbingly dull chapters , I could n't force myself to read another page . The Cross-Browser Reference Table in appendix B might have been worth buying the book for , but it consists of a huge list of tags and attributes that flows from page to page with no discernable organization -LRB- not even indentation -RRB- . I often read technical computer books just for entertainment and relaxation -LRB- and my bookshelves are full of them -RRB- ; I ca n't think of one less useful or enjoyable .
 This book is so tedious and hard to follow . I do n't know why the author made simple HTML codes seem so difficult . It was tolerable at first since I knew some HTML already , but then when I got to the advanced part -LRB- such as Javascript -RRB- , it was impossible to grasp the concept . I was so frustrated .
 The meandering style employed by the author is only compounded by incomplete and incorrect examples repeatedly strewn throughout the book . This is perhaps one of the most poorly written books I have read on the HTML and I have read quite a few in the last 2 years.If you did NOT return the book for a refund , then you really wasted your money . Lets just hope the author -LRB- s -RRB- -LRB- just who is ` et al ' ? -RRB- program better than they write .
 The proof readers did not do a thorough job checking out this text before it went to print , but I get the feeling from the substandard quality of other `` unleashed '' books that they really do n't care . Poor writing , incomplete sections and glaring errors abound . I attempted to use this book a couple of times on things I was stuck on , but found that it only scratched the surface of very basic topics -LRB- forms and tables , for example -RRB- . Examples were particularly unhelpful , and the CD is worthless . It seems like the more pages stuffed into a computer book -LRB- notice how the author brags about 1000 + pages -RRB- , the worse the quality of the material inside . However , there must be a lot of suckers out there buying these huge books and paying out of the nose for them , judging from how many huge book series there are .
 Buy ANOTHER book -- any other book -- on HTML . Having known a little HTML already , I was looking for a comprehensive book that could teach me about the advanced aspects of the language . Unfortunately , I ended up wasting money on this millstone instead . The book 's technique -- if it can be called that -- is to bore the reader with arcane aspects of a topic and then forget to say how it is applied in an HTML document in the real world . Most of this unwieldy tome reads like a verbose editorial on HTML rather than a book designed to teach a person HTML . -LRB- And the authors exhibit an almost ideological contempt for `` cool '' websites . -RRB- `` HTML 4 Unleashed '' is a 1,000 page waste of the human spirit . If this were the only book in the world on HTML , it might be worth having . But it is n't . Buy another book .
 This really is not a good book . It 's decent for reference but the fact that the author defines some parameters as `` standard '' early on and then refers to them as `` the standard parameters '' through out the book makes it a bad for looking up quick questions -LRB- unless you want to take the time to memorize what he considers standard OR go looking for the list every time -RRB- . I 'm not saying the book was without worth , after reading another book on HTML 4 , I went back to this book and it did add some more advanced features to my knowledge , but there are other books that would probably be better.If you do buy this book , I would suggest you skip the first part . It 's worthless , and it only confuses you .
 At first I asked myself if I am reading the history of the internet , cuz until page 100 no signs of any language came in town ... . When the book start it start with no connection to HTML 4 what so ever , or to any language , actually the boy who edit this book should put some of the last chapters in the first chatpers , how about `` What editor to use '' in the first chapter , I mean is n't it importent to know your tool work , I guess not ... . It 's amazing how a book can be this worse , and still be so pricy ! also , the book try to touch every subject in the net without foucsing on anything , it 's look like this book shooting everywhere and still nowhere !
 HTML 4 has gone through MAJOR revisions since this book was published . Not much here makes sense or even works ! Why buy an obviously out of date book ? I took the book back . Will NEVER ever buy another book written by Rick Darnel ! The problem is made worse by the fact you have to suffer through 300 pages of background material before you ever get to the HTML . This MUST be the authors way of hiding what they knew as major problems . No sugar coating here . JUNK is JUNK !
 When I wanted to publish my own web page I bought this thick and professional looking book and after struggling for some time I gave up and established my web page in half an hour by following the advice given in a document posted by Columbia University Academic Information System.When you but this book you will not only waste your money but also your time . Be careful ! This book looks like an industrial-strength source yet it is only soft kitten-strength !
 I got dissapointed with this book . the ashen knight was a very good book centered in the knighthood , but in this one they lost that focus , the furores chapter should n't be in a book about thiefs , should be more in an Ashen Anarchist.The first part about the medieval underworld is good , but they screw up the rest of the book with the furores section .
 I ordered the book German Cooking Today ... instead I received `` German Baking Today '' ... I do not bake ... so this book is useless to me ... I will keep it anyway ... will give to my mother ...
 THIS BOOK WAS VERY HARD TO UNDERSTAND BUT THAT MIGHT MEAN I NEED TO BACK TO SCHOOL FOR A WHILE . I AM ONLY IN MIDDLE SCHOOL . YOU SHOULD GO WRITE A BOOK FOR TEENS . WELL ANYWHO PLEASE WRITE A GOOD ONE FOR TEENS .
 Frankly , this one is a slight disappointment . I bought this one thinking it would be as good as Looking Good in Print by Roger Parker , but I found it to be shallow and the author to wander off track into non-design related areas .
 Ok , where do I start ? Perhaps with the lack of examples and lack of source code ? No ... I 'll start with the fact that this book at many instances talks about stuff that you could do to your web page , then shows a pretty picture , then goes on without even telling you how to do it ! What ! I spent $ 30.00 on a picture book of the web ! If I did n't throw my receipt away , I would have immediately returned it along with a harsh scolding , but I did so I guess I 'm now stuck with a pretty paperweight . If you need some pointers , go look somewhere else , if you want to look at pretty pictures , browse through this book , then go somewhere else . But whatever you do , DO N'T BUY THIS BOOK !
 This was good `` filler '' material for the time between Sinclair leaving the station and his assumption of his destiny . And it was nice to explain what happened to his girlfriend , even if that was not ultimately satisfying.But there was little that could not be guessed at , and the action seemed tacked on in some respects . There were some nice moments with Sinclair and his background , but the Mimbari moments seemed out of joint.As a big fan of the series , it was very nice reading . As someone hoping for more , it was barely satisfying reading .
 I 'm a big fan of Babylon 5 , even took the time to put together my own model Starfurry . Got the pencil sharpeners for my office , taped the episodes , watched the repeats , etc. . And so , finding a novel by JMS 's own wife filling in the gaps of Sinclair 's life seemed great ... And then I read it . Terrible . Within a few pages I realized this ranks right up there with the long list of horribly-written Star Trek books . And my major complaint is with the writing . The style is very tedious . Sorry , Babylon fans , skip this book ! My other complaint is the sheer lack of action . Chapter after chapter goes by while NOTHING happens . Sinclair looks at the statue of Valen . Sinclair sits around . Sinclair seems to be in charge of high-tech military training yet he does n't interact with the students . Right up to the ending , which was n't a surprise , seemed a long drawn-out , boring experience . Avoid , avoid , avoid .
 To be perfectly frank , I can not help wondering whether the fifty people who rated this book five stars and called it the best they 'd ever read , read the same book as I did.I had to force myself to even finish it , and I 've always liked Sinclair and the resolution of his arc in ` War Without End ' . The story offers neither surprises nor tension , the romantic subplot seems forced , even distracting , as far as Sinclair 's character development is concerned . What 's more , for me Drennan 's take on the events on Minbar does n't even satisfactory fill the blank between the end of S1 and Sinclair 's reappearance in S3 ; rather it makes it harder to connect the Sinclair at the end of the book with the man in ` War Without End ' . The style is flat and uninspired , the story-telling lacks B5 's trademark subtlety , twists and emotional impact
 I found this book very useless . It does n't talk about GNOME internals , all it teaches you is what to expect from the icon when you click on it . I was very disappointed with this book .
 This book , despite its size , is really just a presentation of Gnome . Many , many pages are taken up with descriptions of various programs that work under Gnome . It is nice to know what is out there , but I quickly needed more information than this book could provide.Most of all though , this book is very out of date .
 I was extremely annoyed with the translation of this play . The description of the book should warn costumers of the EXTREMELY different translation !!!!!!!
 In the age of no internet the idea of a book of naughty stories probably went off well . But now all you have to have is internet connection and you can have thousands of stories on sites like literotica.com for free ! Now granted I did n't buy the high priced version of this book but even what I did spend was n't worth it . All the stories are the same and kind of boring . There might have been 1-2 acceptable stories if that . Maybe if you had the actual magazine you would have the rest of the stuff to add to the stories but just the stories alone suck . Save your money and just go to literotica.com instead lol . Sorry Penthouse .
 The book does not focus on the `` Scientific and technical '' side -LRB- only 1/3 of the chapters -RRB- . Maybe that is why the subtitle has disappeared from the cover . Chapters 1-9 and 21-24 are generalities about XML and XML-aware applications . These would have been much clearer if the authors omitted to present all these useless options such as PUBLIC identifiers . Chapters 10 , 11 and annex A paraphrase the MathML specifications . The MathML specs , freely downloadable online , are unusually clear themselves so the book does not bring much . I would have liked a word about the XSIL format , an index for the CD , and a correct table of content . I understand that if the authors had taken the time to write a well focused and pedagogical text , it would have been obsolete before publishing . Yet I am still looking for a book on XML for scientists .
 This book did n't impress me and I have read others of his . I was quite disappointed in it . Was n't what was expected at all . Would n't recommend to anyone -LRB- sorry just being honest -RRB-
 Do not waste your money ! Instead of bying this junk , look for other publishers . A good recommendation would be the Sybex 's titles
 This book is worthless . It is hard to read , it fails to define key subjects and words . I can not believe that Microsoft put this book out to help pass the MCSD tests . Unless you have $ 2500 to spend in software , -LRB- which is whatthis book requires to run it 's pityfull examples -RRB- do not waste your money on this book .
 I read the chapters for the first exam , then tried a sample Transcender test . After failing miserably , I tried to look up the answers in the book . After a while I discovered that the page listings in the index did not match the pages in the book . Still , out of the 10 questions I looked up , I only found the answer to one of them . This book did come in a nice box though ...
 I 'm terribly dissappointed in this book . Not only does this book not cover enough information for just the practice tests , there are several places in the book that fell far short of adequately explaining the concepts . Do n't waste your money . I 'm calling MSPress to try and get my money back .
 I bought this book because it is supposed to be geared toward preparing for the Windows Architecture I & II exams . However , the book fails to cover much of the exam material , and what it does cover is n't clearly organized between the two tests . I recommend not wasting your money on this one .
 I have to agree with the past couple of recent postings ! THIS BOOK WILL IN NO WAY PREPARE YOU TO PASS THE EXAMS ! Trump one up for Bill and his gang at Redmond for taking our money and laughing all the way to the bank . Save your money and look elsewhere !
 The `` training guide '' covers the high points on the exams . If you already know everything the exams cover then this book would help pull it all together for you . But by no means does it `` offer -LRB- s -RRB- complete preparation for taking and passing the Microsoft Certified Professional Exams 70-160 and 70-161 , '' as it claims on the back cover . That is pretty much a bunch of BS . I passed 160 today and am taking 161 tomorrow . I would say this about where my knowledge came from :40 % Experience programming in VB and Access35 % MSDN readings -LRB- mostly on stuff I had heard of but not used -RRB- 20 % Transcender tests -LRB- make me aware of stuff I have n't heard of -RRB- 5 % MS Press Training Guide . -LRB- I needed the numbers to add up to a hundred < G > -RRB- Just my two cents , but I think your money is best spent on MSDN and Transcender .
 Fine book except it is n't what it says it is . As a professional educator , I could take students into a classroom with this book alone and they would never pass the test . Period . You will need a lot of supplemental reading and the Transender exams to pass . They are going to get themselves sued by claiming this book is all you need to pass . In no way will a newbie pass based on this book alone .
 Much worse than the older `` Readings on MS Windows '' Book . I have read the sections multiple times and I have found that the questions that I missed on the practice exams are not covered at all by this kit ! This book and CD set are insulting individually and as a group . Worse than having nothing at all .
 Ok ... I bought the book read it and went to the exams . As far as I could see , this book covers ALMOST 30 % of the questions asked in the Windows Architecture I&II -LRB- MCSD Certification Series 70-160 , 70-161 -RRB- The book if far more useful as a doorstop or , paperweight for letters you know you 'll never read !
 This book does n't cover the information that will be tested . You will need massive amounts of additional research and materials to pass the WinArch I & II . I would have rated it zero stars if I could .
 Trust me , this book is n't even close to covering the exam questions . Do n't trust me ? Take Microsoft 's practive exams and see for yourself how this book fails to even answer those!If you bought this book already , call MSPress and demand your money back . This has to be one of the worst study guides ever written . I also feel sorry for all the MCTs who teach the official ATEC course , since the material in this book is idential to the class material .
 The book only contains the very high level overviews or technical commercial . It is totally BS for MS Press to say `` This Kit offers complete preparation for taking and passing the Microsoft Certified Professional Exams 70-160 and 70-161 '' . If you want to know how many pieces that Windows has , this book may be OK .
 I always trust MS Press . But this time I think that it is a shame for MS Press to release such an exam guide to cheat the Microsoft followers like myself . The book shows a very attractive table of contents to attract the buyers . It only contains the very high level overviews or technical commercial . The book should be titled as `` A Brief Intro to MS Windows ` Pieces ' and MS Technical Commercial '' instead of saying `` This kit offers complete preparation for taking and passing the Microsoft Certified Professional Exams 70-160 and 70-161 '' . If you want to know how many pieces that Windows has , this book may be OK .
 This kit is pure fluff . All high level overviews , with little substance . If you want to get an overview of how the Windows `` pieces '' fit together , it just might not be a waste of money
 Good news
 Right on the back is a green diamond that says `` This kit offers complete preparation for taking and passing the Microsoft Certified Professional Exams 70-160 and 70-161 '' . This is just flat out wrong . First , a great deal of extra software is required -LRB- VB 5.0 Enterprise Edition , IE4 , Office Professional , and more -RRB- to complete the exercises . It seems to me that Microsoft could have included some kind of simulator software on the CD -LRB- as they did for the SQL Server Prep Kit -RRB- . Second , I do n't believe the book 's sketchy treatment of its topics is sufficient -- I needed other resources -LRB- including many from Microsoft 's own web -RRB- to prepare . Finally , it was published a mere two months before the covered exams were scheduled for retirement ! MS Press is laughing all the way to the bank on this one !
 No detail . Rushed -LRB- as mentioned before -RRB- . It would make a half-way decent textbook for 6th graders who happened to have the BackOffice Suite loaded on an NT Server .
 As the reader from Fort Collins , Colorads , stated , Win Arch I/II will be retired on 7/1/2000 . The whole MCSD requirements , especially the core , will be quite different.How the heck could MS Press release a exam guide for an exam that is to be retired so soon . Tell me they did n't know about this . I am wrting MS Press to demand my $ $ $ back .
 You have to use another sources . Use this kit as an introduction , then use MSDN -LRB- you have to read a lot -RRB- . Several topics in the exams were not even mentioned in this kit . The CD ? rating = 1 . There is no test on the CD and poor animations .
 This book was n't a bad overview/expensive marketing blurb . The information it contains is n't sufficient for you to pass the tests , though . As an aside , you might want to check out the Microsoft Certification site prior to purchasing this . They 've announced that they 're retiring WinArch II , which I 'm not real happy about since I just passed it this weekend , and they 're revamping the requirements . Caveat emptor .
 Do n't use this as your only source for the MCSD exams 70-160 and 70-161 . Inconsistencies I found include
 This book is OK as an introduction/overview to most of the topics covered , but do n't rely on it to contain everything you need to pass . If you need a book to get familiar with the Microsoft view of the world and you are not a programmer , this book is fairly good . Probably worth about 7 points if the title was changed to `` Windows Architecture and a whistlestop tour of lots of Microsoft stuff '' or something similar .
 It would be very easy to be lulled into a sense of false security by this book as it 's coverage is n't detailed enough for the exam . The end of chapter exams were very poor . Just by looking at the sample exams available on Microsoft 's Website , it was obvious that it does n't even cover all the material required by the exam.For those pursuing certification , it would make better sense to sit the electives before doing this . That way the material for the windows architecture will make more sense .
 I took and passed both WinArch 1 & 2 and this book was NO HELP ! Do n't waste your time with this book unless you are new to Windows Development . I covered more of what was on WinArch preparing for the VB5 Exam than reading this book . The best preparation by far is still the MSDN Library and Transcender as a guide to what to read . I wish MS would support the MCSD program as much as they support MCSE .
 This is not a book for beginning the certification process.The prerequisites are VB 5.0 , HTML , Word , Excel , and Access.The installed software requirements to do the exercises in the book are ; VB 5.0 , IE 4 , FrontPage 98 , Office 97 Professional , SourceSafe , and Visual InterDev .
 This was the second book I purchased in my quest to master Perl . The first being Perl and CGI For The World Wide Web , by Elizabeth Castro . I recommend that if you are a beginner start with something other than Teach Yourself - CGI Programming in a Week . Though not a total waste of money -LRB- I have found it to be useful as a desktop reference . -RRB- It will not be the last book you will ever need to purchase on your way to mastering Perl and the CGI protocol . On the bright side it does spend a fair amount of time discussing Server Side Includes , which come in handy when developing dynamic web applications . Finally , be prepared to purchase Programming Perl - by Larry Wall to truly master the language . GOOD LUCK
 This has begginer level content , although is too complex for any begginer . Only purchase this book if you already know C and Perl , and have no knowledge of CGI.There are much better simple free tutorials online that could describe the basis of CGI .
 Be aware of bookstore reviews as the one before ! About this book . After spending half the book about nothing - just descriptive and empty introduction , nothing hands on - exactly the type the beginner has no use for , the author writes examples that can not be used . If you want to learn practical way -LRB- usable and meaningfull examples with hands on approach , what a beginner needs -RRB- this is not a book for you . It is certainly not for an expert either . Shortly - worthless . Add here bug full source from web site and you really have a headache . Learning curve - none , you wo n't learn anything , is that easy .
 The book has two parts - first half is without obvious purpose that makes reader pretty much tired to read any further . Once you do that you are faced with examples that one can find on the web , no explanation of Perl code as if we are expected to know that already .
 I love this book -LRB- I have read it before -RRB- and thought I would get it on Kindle since it is one of my favorites . Unfortunately the Kindle version must have been slapped quickly into digital format via optical character reader or something similar , with no quality check done on it . It is full of typos that would have been easily caught with a simple spellcheck , for example instead of the word `` call '' it said `` cal : '' There are numerous examples of this and it is very distracting .
 Middlemarch is a justifiably world-famous classic . However , this edition frequently sapped all the joy I experienced from George Eliot 's witty dialogues and colloquies . It is full of misspellings , paragraph indentations that actually interrupt sentences , and even missing words , so that there were points when I could barely come to understand what had been Eliot 's original meaning . When I was choosing which edition to buy , I read reviews of several other editions that mentioned poorly edited copies , but this one had no comment on the actual edition itself , just on the content -LRB- which I took to mean the path was safe -RRB- . Nobody will dispute what a great read is Eliot 's perception of the inner mind -- this is an early psychological thriller , if you are interested in people living in ambiguity and conflict and if you choose to read it that way . But I wanted to hurl this edition at the wall on numerous occasions . Considering that it was not one of the cheapest on the market , this product is shameless . Come on , Digireads , get a copy editor ! You should refund people 's money for such a shoddy job !
 This is a review for the CD Audio book only , as read by Harriet Walker , issued by Penguin Classics . BEWARE ! I bought this book on CD as an Xmas present , as it still is being advertised here , and when it arrived it was 5 CDs only . And the person I gave it to repeatedly had to go back -LRB- in the CDs -RRB- to see where she got lost because of all the cuts . The `` back '' image of this product on this website is NOT the back of the product you get . And the back of the product you get will say it IS abridged . 800 + pages hacked down to fit on 5 CDs ? It 's not worth it in my opinion . I never would have purchased it if I 'd known the truth . You 'll notice they do not say how many CDs come with this set . If they did say 5 you 'd know it could n't be unabridged . And it still says Unabridged in brackets right next to the book here . Amazon -- you paying attention ? Buyer beware !
 I have persisted for far too long with this dreary , long winded novel and have decided to stop torturing myself in this worthless effort , and closed the book once and for all on page 460 of 896 . I still do so reluctantly , as I can not remember a book so bad that I could not finish it , by one means or another , either by ` skimming ' or jumping ahead.For my ` two cents ' worth , do n't waste your time , unless you have lots and lots to spare and do n't mind meandering around with Dorothea -LRB- and the provincials -RRB- as George Elliot tries to provide a ` study ' of Provincial life.In fairness to others , perhaps if it is approached and read as a ` study ' , it could be bearable , perhaps even an interesting one - I feel sorry for any schoolchild who had this as a set-book !
 I am an avid reader of many different types of literature , and am used alot of different styles of prose . Despite my past readings however I simply could not enjoy this book . It has a style all of itself . Perhaps other readers enjoyed this highly rated novel , but I did not care for the overall style and the excessive wordiness .
 I 'm reading this book for my Great Books class at university and it is one of the hardest reads for most of the class . I have a lot of difficulty getting into the story and find myself skipping huge parts of it and just using sparknotes to see if I missed anything .
 I HAD to read this book for my high school senior english class . I started reading it and to this day I do not understand why the author had to use 771 pages for a great story . This book wuold have been perfect if it had not been so drawn out . At some points it even gets tortorous . Read this book if you have all the time AND pacience in the world ONLY . It is just too BLAH !
 I read half of Middlemarch and found it hard going . All of the characters are flawed -LRB- as in real life -RRB- which would have been OK if there were any who were sympathetic . But after reading 331 of 771 pages in my edition , I came across the following passage -LRB- Chap . 40 -RRB-
 My mother described reading this book like jogging through Jell-o and I am inclined to agree . I attempted to read it due to continually being rated as on of the top 100 novels of all time . I made it 16 % of the way according to my Kindle and just could n't do it anymore . I found it to be difficult to follow and prone to tangents .
 This was very disappointing -- the `` analysis '' of Middlemarch . The author simply took all his lectures to college students over the years about his interpretation of Middlemarch.There are many , many better reviews of Middlemarch . Pass on this one.Again , I 'm not sure if folks realize they are reviewing Middlemarch or the Twayne Study , or if Amazon.com is putting the reviews in the wrong place.As for the novel Middlemarch itself , yes , it 's obviously a book that must be read by anyone serious about literature.Father of the novel
 The book itself is fine . However , the font style and formatting used by the Oxford press is really unattractive , and there is no way to change the font style . You can change the size of the font but not the actual font style itself . It is a very old style and looks like something from the 1800s . I 'm sure this was fine for printed books in the 1800s , but it looks horrible on a Kindle 2 screen in the 2000s . Come on Oxford , when you convert your books to an e-reader format , you need to put some thought into how the work will be displayed on e-readers . When given a choice , I always use the Oxford edition of classics , but for this book I switched over to the Penguin edition just because of the way the work is displayed on the Kindle 2 screen . Horrible job Oxford !
 I started it twice and literally had to force myself the third time to read this book . My sister gave it to me and told me it was great . High society British , set in days of old stuffy society . Dorthea , so full of her intelligence , decided to marry a self acclaimed writer , who was putting together research for a never to be written book . In fact Mr. Cassobaun did nothing but research . Dorthea , realizing a woman of those times could not write and be taken seriously , would do the next best thing by assisting the great man with his building of a great book . Like a sponge , she married this stuffy `` intelligent '' man , and found he did n't really want an eager assistant , but he thought his research was over her head . Meanwhile , her likeable sister married and had a great life . Of course , she eventually sees that she made a mistake and blah , blah , blah , you know how it goes . Dorthea was a drag and without her sister and colorful uncle , I would have tossed it . Also , of course , since my sister gave it to me , I felt obligated to finish it .
 Do n't remember when I 've been so let down , especially given the high level of praise from the reviewers I read before purchasing . Gave up in frustration after completing less than 25 % of the book.What a sad collection of wordy FLUFF !
 I 've read stories and books from different ages throughout the years that used language not akin to our own . Many of these books were interesting and thought provoking . This story , written in a more recent era where the language should be readable as in the works of Upton Sinclair , is not . Do n't waste your time downloading it .
 This review is of the 2011 edition published by Simon & Brown . I got this edition from Amazon and was completely shocked at the atrocious editing . There are numerous typos and transpositions , so numerous and egregious that they are completely distracting and make the book unreadable . Furthermore , the chapter headings are completely mangled . Eliot began each chapter with a quotation or poem , or piece of a poem -LRB- many of which she wrote herself -RRB- , and in this edition , the lines of poetry are all run together so you do n't even know it 's a poem ! I ask you ! Avoid , avoid , avoid . Wonderful novel , read it in ANY OTHER edition . Edition to avoid is : Middlemarch
 Middlemarch is one of my favourite books but the experience of reading it on Kindle is marred by poor formatting . When looking at the sample on the Amazon store the bad formatting is not obvious . Why is it the kindle editions of books give no contents pages . I am uncertain whether I want to buy an edition of this book because I can not tell if the formatting will be any more worth it in the paid for editions . If I did not know the book really well I am not sure if I would be able to follow it with the often confusing format . The quotations at the beginning of each chapter are presented just as part of the text and their is no space between chapters which is really very bad .
 This novel does n't need my praise . But this edition needs censure . I have found over fifty typos and legitimate mistakes , the kind of thing you almost never see except in translations . `` Unconquerable '' is rendered `` conquerable , '' `` in '' becomes `` is '' -LRB- so you get things like `` All force is twain is one '' -RRB- . You ca n't read more than a few pages without being distracted.It 's embarrassing that this edition slipped by even a single editor .
 I have been reading Dickens , Austen , Blackmore , Maugham , James and others and have enjoyed their works . To read more classics I ordered Middlemarch after seeing so many 5-star reviews . Although a majority of reviewers claimed to have sensed some profound depth in the book , the only thing I sensed was that it is a driveling tale . I forced myself to finish the book to make sure I would n't miss where the supposed depth was , but even with a whopping 800 + pages , I found it to be nonexistent.First of all , Eliot is too literary for my taste . She goes off on philosophical tangents and ends up speaking to the clouds instead of to her readers -- more a display , in my opinion , of self-gratification with fancy words than of fine storytelling . Many people revel on her splendid philosophical allusions written in what they describe as fine , stylized prose . I do n't appreciate her style at all . Her long-winded passages describing characters ' thoughts through a maze of literary , historical and mythological references hijacked the storyline instead of adding to it . The result was too much baggage that gets lost on the average reader like me . If you want a gripping story written in poignant but down-to-earth language , read ` Of Human Bondage ' by Maugham.Originally , Eliot had started two separate novels
 Middlemarch is treated as a classic
 I am very unhappy with this product . Although it is described as ` unabridged ' that was not the case at all . I suppose I should have known this from the fact that there were fewer CD 's than other audio offerings , but I believed the description . Two of the CD 's were so warped they would n't spin in my stereo . I was extremely unhappy with this purchase.I needed to read this book for a university class . As I love literature , I would ordinarily have purchased the book , but I have had some health problems crop up unexpectedly and am having trouble with my eyes . I thought the audio book would be the way to go . So much of Eliot 's wonderful narrative voicing is lost in this abridged version , and the actress who reads sometimes tends to mumble . It was impossible to hear in the car.Loved the book , hated this version . I listened through the end of the first disk , then had to give up as the second arrived too warped to play . Completely disappointing .
 As the sole math teacher in a small school that adopted the `` Discovering '' textbooks -LRB- Algebra 1 , Geometry & Algebra 2 -RRB- , I have a lot of experience with the entire curriculum . The authors have good intentions and their aim was to create an effective textbook that focuses on Discovery learning . The Common Core Standards mandate mathematics to be taught this way . The problem with these textbooks is they focus too much on the means and not enough on the end.Most lessons are structured around an `` investigation '' where the students complete an activity ultimately leading them to a new conjecture , formula , or theorem . Next , one or two difficult examples in the form of a word problem is explained to illustrate the new concept . Finally , a challenging problem follows . My biggest issue is the textbook does not explicitly state the new content to be learned . If students are absent , they can not stay caught up in class by reading the textbook unless they complete the investigation . The examples in the book are too difficult for students to comprehend without doing easier problems first , which do not exist . The textbook also emphasizes the use of calculators and frequently asks questions in terms of calculator lingo which detracts from actual learning occurring.The discovering series does its best to get students interested and excited about math , but it ultimately leaves them confused and frustrated . The textbooks do not prepare students for standardized tests or college math . Look elsewhere .
 I had to use this book when I taught a large class of high school Algebra students . I soon found that the examples and exercises were very poorly done . I had to work twice as hard as a teacher to prepare meaningful lessons and assignments because the book was so poorly written .
 I expect that a book with a subtitle of `` An Investigative Approach '' would teach concepts through discovery learning . That is the trend for learning/teaching nowadays . In fact , this book teaches math concepts like every other math book , it just has little activities to reinforce the concepts . I was n't that impressed by the activities , either.What I want and ca n't find is a math book of discovery learning activities that help students uncover the ideas by connecting previous knowledge in a new way . I also want a book that provides meaningful , real-world applications to the concepts learned . This book is n't it .
 I had a 4.0 GPA in my math major at a top 20 private university in the U.S. and have loved solving math problems my entire life . My eighth grade son currently has the misfortune of being required by his prep school to use this book . The book is plain awful , full stop . This is the very first year my son 's school has used this book , and I am going to do all I can to ensure it is the last .
 I absolutely loved the book HERE and NOW and could n't wait to purchase and read CAST THE FIRST STONE . I found the book quite disappointing , however . It lacked the depth of HERE and NOW and though the theme could have made for an interesting read , the book droned . I read it until the end -LRB- although I 'm not sure why -RRB- , but would not recommend it . If you want to read it , I would suggest you borrow it from a friend .
 I was very disappointed in this book . I found the character development poor and I was tired of Tanya in each chapter discussing her desire to leave Curtis but why she could n't . She also spent a great deal of time discussing abused women and too much detail on clothing , cars , coach bags , etc. . which was unnecessary for me . Overall , I was not impressed . I also did not find the writing challenging . This is no J. California Cooper or Toni Morrison .
 This was one of the worst books i have ever attempted to read . I could not finish it . The characters were boring . I was tired of Tanya putting up with Curtis day in and day out , and complaining about it all the time . I just kept finding myself , drifting off and having to force myself back into finishing a chapter . I finally decided to stop punishing myself and return the book . I also decided to return `` To much of a good thing '' because it couldnt be much better . I would suggest , `` let the church say amen '' by reshonda tate billingsley . Or any michele andrea bowen books . Much better reads . If you still want to try this book i would also suggest you borrow it from the library .
 After reading this book and the earlier works of this author , I can understand why she was originally self-published after being told that she had some talent by publishers she approached . She weaves a good tale , but unfortunately lacks the skills to carry it off . Her editor was not much help ; the writing is still amateurish.I 've personally never been a fan of the all-knowing narrator who tells what the characters are thinking , i.e. , `` she asked , remembering what day it was '' or `` he commented , obviously shocked to hear that her husband was a minister . '' As a writer she is supposed to paint a visual picture of the shock , not merely narrate ; anyone can do that . I also got tired of sentence fragments beginning with the word `` which . '' She 's also quite fond of the word `` and . `` Another big issue was that of character development . The man Tanya flirted with had no personality whatsoever ; I suspect his only purpose was the part he played in the end of the story . I thought the book started out with a bang , with Tanya and Curtis being so happy after his proposal and then fast forwarding eight years to her glaring at him in church . I expected to learn what happened in those eight years to change their feelings via flashbacks , but nothing was explained . It 's not as interesting when you have no idea why characters behave the way they do . I thought Curtis was merely a raving lunatic.In my opinion , this writer needs to learn her craft . I expected to see improvement when she was picked up by a major house , but I guess the editors feel that it will sell , no matter how badly executed it is , and they 're probably right . I 'll continue to check out her books from the library and hope they get better .
 Although I commend the author for tackling an important issue of hypocracy within the Baptist church , I felt the author spent much to much time on mundane details and repetitive concepts which ultimately detracted from the novel . More significantly however , I think the author should have spent time discussing the factors and issues which led Curtis to be the person we see throughout the novel . The authors failure to discuss or give any insight whatsoever into what happened during the 8 -LRB- eight -RRB- intervening years left a significant ` hole ' in the storyline . At the conclusion of the novel , I did n't feel that I had anymore insight into the characters or storyline than I did when I started the novel.The discussion of situations faced by the characters seemed to be incredibly disjointed . I did not feel the author took the time to develop the characters and/or situations in a meaningful and significant manner . All in all , very disappointed
 I was very disappointed with this book . I consider myself to be a great fan of Lawson-Roby 's previous novels , but this book left a lot to be desired . The same points and ideas were belabored again and again and it took away from the interest of the book . While I LOVED ` Behind Closed Doors ' and ` Here and Now ' I wonder why the wit and skill reflected in those books was not seen in this one . And if I had to read one more insignificant detail ... To the Editor or whoever advised her to add more scenery or bulk to scenes
 This could have been a better book if the author spent more time on character development . For example , Tanya 's boyfriend was not a well developed character . He was just thrown in for a happy ending . Curtis was far more interesting . I wanted to know what made him tick .
 Roby has an interesting plot line , although it leans toward the predictable and sometimes turns preachy . Still , it 's a good story with a logical plot and a significant message . Mrs. Roby has the potential to be a terrific writer , but she needs to develop her craft to reach beyond the amateur technique , sentence construction , and punctuation errors that plague her novel and distract from her story . Her natural ability provides a good outline , but her lack of knowledge in the art of telling a good story well proves to be a crippling flaw . In an interview with Mrs. Roby , she proudly said she had never attended a writing course or worked with a writing group . Investing herself in such opportunities for critique would polish her natural ability and challenge her to strive for excellence and craftsmanship . With the odds she 's beaten already , what is there to fear from an opportunity to sharpen her skills ?
 Can I give it negative stars?The topic that this book attempts to takcle is relevant and real in today 's society , but this author writes like an 8th grade English paper . HORRIBLE BOOK . Here is my summary : My name is Tanya and I know my husband is a cheater , but I ca n't seem to get it through my thick skull that I need to leave him . I just ate a ceaser salad and mozzerella sticks . I always speak in complete sentences and never use contractions or slang . James is so attractive . OOOH I drank wine I 'm going to hell . Boink boink boink threesome on video . Public humiliation . Finally I leave my scumbag husband . Now I 'm married to James.The end .
 Kimberly Roby churns out another formula story about a woman 's self-discovery . Tanya Black abhors her husband Curtis . Everything he now stands for disgusts her . Regardless of Curtis ' very powerful position as the head pastor of a prominent black Chicago church , Tanya ca n't stand the sight of him and starts to think about not only ending their relationship , but also Curtis ' tenure as senior pastor , since Curtis had to maintain his marriage in order to keep his position at the church.This novel begins promising , but lets down by the end of the first chapter . Her character 's actions are unbelievable from page one . The notion that any church would confine marriage to a job requirement is prosperous . Casting the First Stone not only throws stones at organized black religion , but at Christ 's purpose for marriage.Moreover , Roby 's writing style is bland and contrived and never address the real questions she presents . Why in the world does Tanya Black continue to live in this dead marriage never comes to full view . If there is a Christian message it is clouded by clich&eacute; plot points and clich&eacute; characters . It 's just once escapade after another the story cheapens into a tawdry soap opera with a church setting.For those whose guilty pleasure is reading super dramas ; then this book is for you . But if you 're looking for a book that will help you understand how your romantic relationship relates to your spiritual relationship with God , pass.Dee StewartR.E.A.L . Reviewers
 I ai n't trying to hate or anything but I didnt like Casting the First Stone by Kimberla Lawson Roby . I thought the soap opera plot was built upon stereotypes of the one dimensional characters who I found completely lacking in depth . I disliked it so much that I was completely turned off by the idea of attempting to read the sequel Too Much of a Good Thing , even after I read the preview online on the authors website . I kept thinking to myself `` hasnt this negro -LRB- Curtis Black -RRB- learned anything . ''
 I thought this book was slow and boring . The characters wre not well developed and I did n't like the author 's writing style . The book was amateurishly written . I do not recommend this book .
 The book started off good , but then quickly got on my last nerve . Tanya for the first 130 pages did nothing but repeat herself over and over and over and over -LRB- you get my point -RRB- again . This was a serious case of ` piss or get off the pot ' . All the characters were pretty one dimensional and I think the popularly of this book stems from it being about a corrupted Reverend . -LRB- And we all know the church is filled with drama -RRB- I lost a lot of respect for Tanya because she acted like she could n't leave when she was sitting on fifty thousand dollars in savings . That 's right-fifty thousand . Give me a break . She kept asking -- ` where would we go ? ' Did I mention she still had parents and a good job , too ? Then she was supposed to be counselor for abused women but when it came right down to it she was just as much a hypocrite as her husband . Preaching to others on what they should do but when they themselves could n't listen to their own sermons . The only person I had respect for was Nicole . She would n't jump in and tell her friend what to do and she handle her business with her man-quick and to the point . No , Tanya could n't leave until she had another MAN lined up . She did n't make the decision to leave Curtis -- everyone else made the decision for her . She did n't confront Curtis with her proof -- Deacon Jackson handled that for her . For the first hundred so pages , I kept thinking , if she was so sure he was cheating why did n't she hire someone to follow him ? Lord knows she had enough money.My point is I could n't completely root for Tanya like I should have been doing . I lost even more respect for this pastor 's wife to stoop to Curtis 's level and sleep with another man while she was still married . Handle your business first . And WHY on earth did she keep confronting Curtis alone after time and time again , he showed how violent he could get ? It made no sense . Yes , Curtis got what he had coming to him , but Tanya was n't winning in brownie points.All this does n't make Casting a bad book ... Ms. Roby 's writing style does -- it does absolutely nothing for me .
 I did not rec book when I suppose to and then when I got it it was the wrong book
 The book was missing the jacket and had a little stains , however that was not the reason for the 2 stars . I did not like the story line and I ca n't imagine reading all 7 or 8 books.I gave the book to my daughter , I do n't think she have read it yet . I will give her other books a try .
 I chose this rating because I have n't read the book yet . I enjoy Ms. Roby 's books . I have a few more that I have n't read yet .
 I read Here and Now first then Behind Closed Doors , I was n't that enthused about Casting the First Stone . Many of the chapters seemed to be long and boring and reiterating the same dialogue . However I do comend Kim on choosing a very touchy topic , but her approach was n't that clever .
 Casting the First Stone , a novel which supposedly exposes corruption in the church family , failed miserably . It really exposes corruption in the literary community by passing itself off as quality literature and ripping off hundreds of readers looking for substance and quality . Kimberla Roby has not mastered the writing craft and this book shows it . The words do n't sing , they huddle together like a clumps of gooey mess staining over two hundred pages . The characters are shallow , the writing is repetitive , and the writer insists on telling the reader information they already know . Page after page after page , the writer tortured her readers with needless nonsense , perpetrating the myth of keeping a family together and then she turns around and commits adultery . Do two wrongs make a right ? The topic of the book is a worthy subject , but this author does it no justice .
 I liked the premise , and I also like that the character seemed to be able to see through her husband 's lies . The problem was that for the whole first half of the book , Tanya seems to do nothing but mull -- over and over again . I wanted to yell at her to just follow the man instead of confronting him for the umpteenth time and doing nothing.As previous readers say , the book takes way too long make small progressions , yet seems to skip over important details -- especially like how Curtis became the man he is and started his life of deception ; and Tanya 's relationship with Rebound Man seems too rushed.The premise of the book , I like , I just really dislike the pacing .
 This was an okay read . It took me a long time to finish this book because in certain spots the book was downright boring . I really got tired of Tanya going back and forth on the seesaw trying to decide if she should stay or leave Curtis . And the whole idea of staying in a marriage where the husband lies & disrespects you daily and you know he 's cheating but you choose to stay for the sake of your daughter was too much for me to comprehend -LRB- I lost interest at that point -RRB- . Curtis was a terrible person and demonstrated many of the negative attributes associated with `` Black '' churches . This one was okay , not interested in reading the sequels
 This is the first book I have read by Kimberla Lawson Roby and probably the last . I was not a fan of her writing style . While the book started off pretty well it went down hill from there . Tanya took forever going over the same things over and over again just to make up her mind to leave her husband Curtis . Then to add insult to injury she kept challenging Curtis when she was alone and he reacted like a nut . At least 150 pages of this book was a repeat of everything over and over again . There was no suspense for me as I finally did n't care how it ended . Although I completed reading the novel I wo n't repeat this exercise with any of her other books .
 This book was recommended by several people . Upon reading it , I found the language to be inappropriate for a christian book club . I was amazed at the necessity for the language that was used . I believe the story could have been told without the use of obscene language . I was unable to read the entire book . It was very disappointing . After ordering 35 copies , I had to return and order 35 other books which were more appropriate .
 Same old relationship drama - however , this one involves a minister and his wife . Predictable story and outcome . My biggest gripe was the typeface . Not appealing at all . 2.5 stars .
 I bought ` Casting The First Stone ' several months ago -LRB- January 2012 -RRB- , and it is now April 19th . I am still trying to get through this book . First of all , the author spent way too much time on Tanya . This character decides she is going to leave Curtis , her husband . And then , she decides that she 'll stay with him because she wants to make the marriage work . That 's pretty much it . She decides to stay , she decides to leave , she decides to stay , she decides to leave . Second , the author did not spend nearly enough time on the character , Curtis . The author could have done so much more in terms of the character of Curtis . I also wish she had written about ` how ' Curtis became the man he 'd become . I 'm sure there is a reason why the author decided to write about the subject of a minister and the obssession with greed . We all know they exist in ` real life . ' Had she done it , ` Casting The First Stone ' would have been a much more interesting book . I am almost done with this particular book , and I plan on reading `` Too Much Of A Good Thing . '' I hope it is a much better read than ` Casting The First Stone . ' I also hope it gives more details about Curtis . The character of Curtis may be deceitful , but it makes the story a bit more interesting .
 This book took forever to get to the best parts . As some of the readers said Tanya took forever to make her mind up as to what she was going to do about her cheating husband . Although I never expected the to find out those other things the Pastor did , it was still a little slow for me . I read one of Mrs , Roby other books and that was better than this one -LRB- Changing Faces -RRB- I purchased Too much of a good thing , and The best kept secret at the same time hoping that they all would be good books to read . From the looks of Casting the first stone , I 'm not looking forward to reading the other ones.Overall I could have save my time and money , I killed time reading it but I would have rather reading the newspaper.Sorry !
 At our book club meeting yesterday , my mother quoted the bible -LRB- John 8:7 -11 -RRB- `` He that is without sin among you , let him first cast a stone at her ... And they which heard it , being convicted by their own conscience , went out one by one , beginning at the eldest , even unto the last
 Unless you MUST have a small , light edition of `` The Story of Art , '' you will fare much better with the regular 16th edition.Why?In this `` Pocket Edition , '' the text and illustrations have been separated . The text comes up front , and all the plates are at the back . In my opinion , a terrible idea , mostly because the author refers CONSTANTLY to the plates.The publishers apparently realized there was a problem with this misorganization , because they supplied two ribbon book-markers -- one to mark your place in the text , and the other to mark your place in the plates.The result is a study in frustration , trying to keep both markers in place while trying to follow the author 's discussion . In my case , updating the markers actually caused me to lose the thread of the discussion.How much better it is , to have the illustrations printed right alongside the text , which is the way the book has always been printed.Get the 16th edition and save your money .
 Yikes ! You browse through the first few pages on this book , and your interest is built up , because it pretends to be a comprehensive , state of the art review on the status of VB 6 as a development technology . It reads like it . You keep on reading , and the writing style throws you off completely . A topic is usually not developed well enough before the authors jump to the next one , and then the next , and sometimes back to the original one ... it is pretty much like watching someone with ADHD browsing the Internet on Visual Basic topics . Code examples in the book are jumped straight into without much intro , and the ones in the CD have bugs in one or two of them.They want to cover so much so quickly , they take on so many interesting topics , and yet they mix them up so inconsistently that following this book through is almost impossible . A potentially great book , but terribly edited . reading it gave me a migraine . I 'm trying to read it through again , but slowly , as to not get so frustrated , and with my word processor open in outline mode as to make sense of the mess . Too bad .
 ... and hope it will never see the light of day again . This is one of the worst books on programming that I 've ever read . The examples are terrible , and most of them do n't work.Too bad that there is no zero star catagory.This book appears to be some class notes slapped together to cash in on the client/server `` dot com '' boom of the ninties . If you see it in a used book bin for a dollar , do n't waste your money .
 The book has the worst explanations of programming concepts I have ever attempted to read and the CD-ROM is nearly worthless . You will be fortunate indeed if the examples work with your installation of VB6 . Several of the examples that were to supposed to use a data control actually displayed a picture box and never did work as a data control . The only way that I could get them to work was to delete the picture boxes , add a data control and program it . For that I did n't need this book or the waste of my time trying to make the examples work . As a database programmer , I feel that the money spent on this book was a waste . I might as well have burned the money for warmth .
 In general I liked the book . In some areas it was very helpful . The typesetting with the very wide left margins insured that the example code was very hard to follow at most times . My biggest problem was with the sample code on the CD . To run the code I wanted to try , I was supposed to load the sample database on SQL Server . The SQL script in the MS folder for creating the database does _ not _ run on SQL Server 6.5 . The author and the publisher should have checked this out . After hand creating the tables , the code would still not run as the author had not tested it with no data . Seemed to bring in to question the quality of the information in the book .
 Honestly QualPro , Some of the stuff I really liked in the book . But as soon as you began to belittle my intelligence by telling me that I need to have a PHD in Stats , and rank in the 90 th percentile in the GRE . Then you lost most of my interest . Why do n't you STOP belittling everyone else to sell your process . Lean and Six Sigma are all good . ANY processes that drives continuous improvement -LRB- including yours QualPro -RRB- is a good thing . Is yours better than everyone else 's ? who knows ? BUT I do know that you do n't need to bash ever other CIP process or method to make you feel good . Focus on what you are doing , and if it is good it will be accepted and used , but the fact that you feel like you have to bring down others to build yourself up is pathetic !
 The claims made by this book are truly amazing and there seems to be no lack of businesses to testify that Holland 's company QualPro has delivered spectacular improvement results . I have no doubt that these claims are true . The book is very easy to read and takes the reader through the process that QualPro use step-by-step . This is great until you reach Step 7 which is titled `` Design an MVT Screening Experiment '' Contained in the first paragraph of this chapter is the text `` Our experience training our own consultants and clients over the past 22 years tells us that most statisticians , even those who have PhD degrees , can not do this type of design successfully unless they are trained extensively in the MVT methodology . Therefore , we strongly recommend that you not attempt to design an MVT screening experiment without the aid of an experienced MVT consultant . `` If you are looking for a practical guide that you can use to implement process improvements this is not the book for you -LRB- unless you 're a bright PhD -RRB- . I felt that I had purchased an expensive brochure for the QualPro consultancy .
 The book admonishes that one should n't attempt to design screening experiments without consulting an experienced MVT veteran -LRB- apparently QualPro staff -RRB- . Are n't MVT screening experiments why you 'd purchase the book in the first place ? Hmm.While it would be simple to explain the basics of Plackett-Burman designs , that does n't mean good business for `` experienced MVT consultants . '' The author leaves the origin and nature of his test grids mysterious . The book should be titled `` QualPro MVT Case Studies , '' but I do n't imagine that it would sell quite as many copies.Read _ Design of Experiments for Engineers and Scientists _ instead if you 're interested in actually - doing - multivariable tests with Plackett-Burman designs . Oh , and take a look at the dates on previous Amazon reviews . Just a little suspicious .
 The art is the reason to purchase this , if indeed you do . Oeming works in black-and-white Mignola territory here . And occasionally the script spins a nice turn of phrase or matches up effectively with the pretty pictures , in spite of itself.But it tried to hard to be self-consciously arty and poetic . It was like an early Bradbury plot written in late prose , filtered through acid flashbacks -- lyrical but disjointed . I suppose one could argue that it was a success , if it was trying to be dreamlike , but in the light of day a dream still needs to make sense upon interpretation . And this did n't . Can I describe the story ? Not so much . A bitter woman , a cuckolded husband , and a neglected daughter . Is she alive , or dead ? Is she able to exert influence regardless ? Was it a dream ? A metaphor ? Brought about by a horseshoe to the head ? Or ended that way ? Let me know if * you * can tell.Look for it in the quarter bin , maybe .
 I am listening now to Great Expectations , but am stymied because the second tape is blank , with no sound . I will have to find a paper copy in the library and then go back to the third tape . I am reading it in large part because I so appreciate the excellent narration of Frank Muller .
 The series of books are pretty much is the MSDN library Jan 2000 Editional . This information is freely aviable on msdn.microsoft.com . The only good thing about it is that it comes with the MSDN Jan 2000 DVD so that you can install the whole library locally on your HD for quick access to library from your development environment . Otherwise the books are just a printout of the networking development section from the MSDN library .
 Brevity is a virtue , but Langer 's explanations fall well short of showing the reader how to apply the techniques of systems analysis.The chapters are in the sequence neither of the chronology of systems analysis tasks nor or the order of presentation in systems analysis deliverables . Each chapter is like a separate out-of-context article.Langer steers a balanced course between competing methogologies , pointing out , as few other books do , that we should integrate the principles of object-oriented analysis into the proven framework of structured analysis . Much of what 's here is good , but there is n't enough of it.I recommend The Art of Analysis for supplementary reading by the experienced systems analyst , but not as a textbook from which to learn systems analysis .
 I bought this book thinking it was going to be a great read . But Boy was I disappointed . I probably did n't read half of the short stories . Not a good read . Save your money and your time .
 As a Perl programmer I often need to look up a word or command to see how it is used . This reference makes it tough because it is organized by categories , instead of alphabetically . So if you 're not sure what a command does - you 'll look forever trying to find it . The book could also use a highlighted index along the side of the book like `` Perl in a Nutshell '' -LRB- This is the book you SHOULD get instead -RRB- . They should expand the reference to include minor examples as well . Out of all the O'Reilly Perl books , this is the one I find myself going to the least - when it should be an indispensible reference ...
 This book is little more than a list of perl methods to help jog your memory . If you 're fluent in perl but sometimes need to remember the name of a method , this book can help you . But you 'd better be able to remember the proper syntax on your own , since the book does n't include it -LRB- granted , perl is fluid enough to make that an easy guess too -RRB- . If you want a language reference , this book is n't it . It 's like carrying a set of flash cards . If you do n't know it to begin with , this book wo n't help you learn it . Even as a reference I found it lacking .
 As the other reviewers mention , the book is poorly organized and lacks an index . Additionally , it is cavalierly incomplete in places . For example , the definition given for '' \ n , \ r , \ f , \ t , etc. '' is `` have their usual meaning '' -LRB- p. 21 -RRB- .
 I have yet to find any of the O'Reily reference books to be useful . They are poorly organized , and it 's REALLY hard to find answers to quick questions . I LOVE almost all of the reference companion books . I 'd say that you should save the dough on this reference and just buy another copy of the `` Perl 5 '' camel book unless you 're desperate for a more portable size .
 When I got this book about a year or so ago , I was hoping for a handy reference to all of the ` difficult to remember ' perl syntax . Specifically a nice reference on regular expressions , formats , common idiomatic programming -LRB- e.g.
 This is a great tool but I really think practice makes perfect . Get this one or get a similar one if you 're studying and practice practice practice . I did really like the lay out of this and it was easy to use and keep track of my progress .
 I bought this book with the hopes of increasing my verbal scores tremendously on the GRE . Well , it did no such thing . My score only raised 20 points from a practice test taken with no preparation . Do n't bother memorizing the 200 Top Used GRE words because only 1 of them was on the test . Waste of valuable preparation time . Buy something else or read lots and lots of scientific journal articles .
 Ok , call me ignorant!The only reason I bought this book is because I 've heard of it before and I 'm trying to read some classics.Who knew it was a play ? Not me!A little hard to understand , but after I got past the introduction , I quite enjoyed the play itself . It was very funny.Not sure if you like this kind of thing , but it was just ok for me .
 I found Man of La Mancha to be quite confussing . The plot is so crazy that it is hard to get a grasp on what is happening until halfway through the book . One you do figure it out , it is rather humerous , but not one of my favorites by any means .
 Yes , this is a brilliant and wonderful book by a usually overlooked , but wonderful author . I adore the story and have read it a number of times now in my graduate work and for my own enjoyment . BUT , do NOT buy this version of the book ! -LRB- I refer to the version with a cream colored cover , and the title in large , plain Black print . -RRB- I bought this copy and not only is the print of incredibly flawed quality - to the extent of passages which are broken up by a long string of the same letter in caps , and chapters which do not end where they are supposed to and instead trail on and on.The publishers have ruined the author 's intention by making no reference to either the original formatting for chapters and pages or making any attempt to impose their own which would give the text anything resembling form or coherence ! Its a big , sloppy mess and after showing the book to a number of friends , they expressed equal astonishment over the plain garbage quality.I strongly advise you , do not make the same mistake I did in buying cheap and being screwed over ! Please buy the book , but not this version ! Amazon should be ashamed to even offer this garbage .
 Please see any of the positive reviews for my opinion of `` Plum Bun '' as a novel . This copy , however , is so riddled with typographical errors that they distract from enjoyment of the novel and make it nearly impossible to use in a scholarly manner . Splurge on an older edition ; this one is a crime against a lovely book .
 If you want a Microsoft marketing glossy , why pay for it ? All this book does is repeat `` Microsoft is good ! Exchange is good ! '' over and over again .
 This is just a marketing glossy for Microsoft . All it does is keep saying `` Microsoft is wonderful ! Exchange is wonderful ! '' .
 This is a very introductory book with too little detail illustrating various solutions . While the book does mention the Microsoft products that could be used and have been used -LRB- which are now out-of-date -RRB- for KM , it does not really promote them . The book does not say that Microsoft products are superior to non-Microsoft products , nor does it even mention any features that Microsoft products have that many competitors do n't .
 Eternal Echoes
 I ca n't understand all the fuss about this book . It was vague , wordy , ambiguous , contradictory , and or no practical help.We are told to `` anchor our longings '' but never told how or what exactly he means by this . I can literaly open any page of this book and wonder what on earth he is talking about because he never gives examples or practical steps . Example
 My goodness this book droned on and on about belonging and longing without any real wisdom coming through . I will never buy a book again because someone else said it was good I lost money on this one .
 I have good eyesight , but the print in this book is far too small to be comfortably legible . I should 've imagined this would be the case given the price . I plan to buy a different edition because I 'd rather have a book I can comfortably read that costs more than a cheaper one I would never read .
 Naam or Word is , in a word , disappointing . I 'd read Kirpal Singh 's The Crown of Life a number of years ago and was n't impressed by Surat Shabd yoga or Singh 's description of other yoga paths ; but because a friend of mine raved about Naam or Word , I bought it . The book reinforced what I already knew
 I purchased this book after reading the one review -- boy was that a mistake . This book is beyond useless if you want to make shoes or boots . 99 % of this book is nothing but verbiage , and the few drawings in the book are of the most general kind . It would be much more accurate to say that this is more a book about the history of shoe and bootmaking rather than a hands on instructional . So , if you want to learn the history of shoemaking from one person 's perspective , than this book is for you . But if you want any information at all about making shoes and even making a last , this book is a total waste .
 Thorne Smith , who died in 1934 , did not write a book titled , Broadside . He was , however , editor of a newspaper by that name during World War I . This listing would seem to be fictitious .
 I fondly remember reading a fascinating biography of George Washington Carver when I was much younger ... this was n't it.This book reads like a series of short anecdotes about Dr. Carver , with very little connecting them . It can be confusing with it 's bad cohesion and tendancy to wander off track.I knew I was in trouble on page one when I could n't figure out what year it was talking about . Paragraph one talks about the great news of the the 13th amendment ending slavery in 1865 . Paragraph 2 and 3 talk about Dr. Carver being born in 1860 or ' 61 , but it is n't clear that the narration has jump anti-chronologically here.I do n't know what the target age is for this book . I think a High School Freshman could handle most of it . But I had to go to a dictionary to look up the word self-abnegation . My advice ? Do read a biography of the great and fascinating scientist/naturalist George Washington Carver . Do n't make it this one ; there are better ones out there .
 This book has made me wonder just what the hell psychologists have been doing for the last 100 years . Used in a large number of college classrooms around the nation , and along with the hefty $ 100 + price tag , I was rather expectant as I began reading this colorful text that was to offer an introduction to abnormal psychology . And if I might be blunt , after finished the whole text , I 'm left with the conclusion that either psychology is one of the emptiest modern `` sciences '' practiced today , or this book fails to achieve its introductory purpose . Due to further research and careful observation of my professor , I surmise the case is more of the former.Pro 's
 This seller was the best price for the item I wanted so I decided to purchase with them . They have not bothered to respond to either of my emails as to my book that has n't been delivered or bothered to follow it up for me - some sellers have to be the cheapest as their service is terrible and are n't interested in keeping customers if it involves any effort . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR - not much with these people !
 the book is in very poor condition , there are many highlights and did not notify me of highlights in the book before I purchased it . When I purchased it , the arrival date was said to be two days later I received it a full month later . In which I no longer needed it because I had to purchase a different one because this one was late .
 I purchased the Abnormal Psychology Student Workbook from this buyer and never got my book !! I attemped to contact the seller and they would not respond to my emails . DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS BUYER !
 I ordered this book becuase it was the first available on Server + but I wish I had waited . The book itself is all jumbled up with no coherence to the layout . If all of the needed information is included -LRB- which I doubt -RRB- finding some of it is difficult or impossible . Some of the authors anecdotes are completely unnecessary and the inclusion of a 70 + page glossary seems like overkill in a book of only 680 pages.Much of the information is very A + esq and the coverage of network cards seems way too high . That said , the questions in the book do seem to match the CompTIA obejectives - I just have a feeling that if you are taking the test you would be better off with another book or a different resource.One other thing , the author information does not say he is Server + certified which makes you wonder .
 If knowing the A + and Network + material is 20 % of the way for this exam , than this poorly written book with get you another 5 % . Who are these `` Top 10 Reviewer '' guys ?? And why are they trying to bump up the ratings for this book . The book needs more than a few edits , it needs a new author . Maybe Sybex should pay more attention to reader reviews . I wasted money on this book and it is no where near 4 stars .
 I have used Sybex technical publications for about four years now , as I have pursued various technical certifications . For the most part , I have found them to be technically accurate and polished . Until now ... I am totally disappointed with the Server + Study Guide by Gary Govanus , and I will completely avoid books by this author in the future . His work is full of logical fallacy , colloquialism , useless metaphor , filler prose , grammatical errors and technical inaccuracy . When I read this book I feel like I am in a BS session around the water cooler and what 's being said is more fiction than fact . The total lack of professional tone and the juvenile words and phrases used in this book are almost shocking . Let me provide you with two illustrative examples :1 -RRB- Page 411 near the bottom of the page
 This book 's TOC looks as if it should cover a decent chunk of the objectives , however , once you get into the book , you find that the amount of explanation for individual -- and important -- subjects is lacking.Also , the questions are poorly written , do not compare in any way with what I 'm used to seeing on exams , and sometimes ask about subjects not even covered in the WHOLE BOOK!Lastly , this book is riddled with errors -LRB- Author refers to RAID 0 +1 as RAID 5 +0 by accident in several places , etc -RRB- . Did anyone edit this thing before press?I 'll not buy another one of Govanus ' books ...
 I ordered the Sybex book because it was the first out , I returned it soon after . It is useless for the Server + exam . Sybex really missed the point with this book not only is the coverage of Server + objectives weak but the mindboggling anecdotes are simply unnecessary . Having said that , I have had success with other Sybex titles and this one is the only one I have ever returned . My advice is to not open the CD that comes with the book so you can return it .
 I will make this brief.I bought this book because I wanted to start studying for this exam . I have been in the business for over 6 years now , and know mostly everything in here . However , I needed a book that would help me to remember all the finer points . I have typically always bought IDG -LRB- Hungry Minds -RRB- books , but this one was the first available ... Now I know why ! The book is not very well laid out , and the objectives do n't seem to match the COMPTIA ones very well . I would advise everyone out there to wait for a better book to come along .
 I 'm usually quite fond of Sybex , but this book was really disappointing . It 's basically a Network + book with a little more info on clustering . If you want to learn more about servers , buy the Compaq ASE book from McGraw-Hill . You 'll learn a lot more . The ASE book got bad reviews because Compaq updates their exams quarterly and by the time it was published it was out of date , but it 's full of good info . If you 've already studied for A + and the Network + tests you wo n't learn anything new from this book . You can learn more by going to Compaq 's web site and taking advantage of their free web-based training .
 This book is simply awful . The author makes a number of references to the fact that we are geeks . He may be , but I dont care for the assumption that I am . Does he think its cool to be a geek ? You get the feeling that he doesnt , but uses it as a way to come down to other peoples level . This guy appears to have a very high opinion of himself . Add to that a plug for his wifes company on P228 , pointless analogies and 17 pages of print out from a netware server configuration file which is useless irrelevant and meaningless . Sheesh . Be kind to your wallet and your brain . Buy something else .
 This book is purely worthless . It contradicts itself , has numerous errors , and covers about 50 % of the exam . You 'd be better off spending your money on some yoga and meditating about passing the exam . The only reason I passed is because I already had my A + , Network + , and I-Net + .
 l bought this book long ago and only now have l read it and compared to other sybex books , this one is crap b/c the authors writing style is poor and annoying . Lots of pages l did n't even bother to read like the netware printout , his wife , his house and the glossary . Never again will l buy a book from this author and judging from the other reviews and the lack of books from him since then , this is a good thing . ls he even server + certified ?
 This book is probably useful to a novice . It is long on simple minded `` lessons '' that tell you in excruciating detail each and every button to click , but comes up short on providing any depth . My copy was marred by having several duplicated chapters . If you have any serious interest in Acrobat , buy `` Acrobat Pro '' by John Deep and Peter Holfelder -LRB- John Wiley and Sons -RRB-
 This book does not live up to its title and subtitle . Very general material . For example , Denial of Service Attacks are in the news these days . Looking through the index , I find four references to DOS attacks . The first on page 45 tells me that DOS attacks can be costly . The second on page 85 describes some previous DOS attacks , including one that took place 12 years ago . The next reference is on page 304 and is a historical description of DOS attacks over the past three years . The last reference on page 452 tells me that I should conduct DOS testing for my web server . Most of the book 's content is similar . If this is useful to you , please buy this book . For specific help in hardening your network , please look elsewhere .
 I 'm on page 91 , and I do n't think I 'll finish this rambling babble . The writing is some sort of self inflicted psycho-therapy , and we are in the chair , next to the couch , tapping a foot , looking at the clock .
 The subtitle claims to explain the 17 keys to success , but includes only parts of the book titled `` Napoleon Hill 's Keys to Success '' -LRB- ISBN-10
 This book had so much potential to be far more than what it was . I agree with other customers who said it started off well , but all of sudden there were so many U-turns and loops and twists that it seems as though the writers were still brainstorming what they wanted to do with all the information they had . It was poorly written and it takes away what probably could have been a journey worth reading . I think maybe Lula should have considered someone else to do her biography . Either these writers were inexperienced or had too many projects on their plates and just stuffed this one in .
 Interesting only to a point . Lula plays off her sons leaving us hanging . By the time I finished the book , any compassion I had for her story was lost in the repeated saga of her own self egotisim .
 Did n't care for this book . Quit reading it and deleted it from my Kindle . I found it very boring .
 Ordered this item on May 5th and never received it . When I emailed the sender they apologized which was nice but I never got my book .
 Some people may like this strange format of the book , but I really hated it . It 's confusing , and not clear . It tries to be funny , but no , it 's not . Too many unnecessary pictures/photos . You wo n't be able to use this book as a reference either . Waste of money . I only bought this book because it was the only EJB cert . book available at that time .
 While it presents all of the information you need to pass the test , I found the style of the book did n't really work well for me . I also felt that the grouping of information/topics did n't help the learning process -LRB- e.g. by the time you get to security , exceptions , etc. at the back of the book , you find yourself forgetting about the session beans , etc. at the front of the book that they are referring to -RRB- . While the book was ok to learn the EJB concepts -LRB- an easy read -RRB- , it required me to read through it quite a few times . I was also annoyed by the number of errors in the book -LRB- wrong answers for questions , etc. -RRB- . There seem to be a fair number of errata you definitely want to look at on the website . As far a prepping for the Sun Certification exam , the information was so dispersed throughout the text , it did n't help much and I relied on a number of mock exams separate from the book . However , many people taking the SCBCD test swear by it , so your mileage may vary.Personally , I thought Kathy 's Java2 Sun Certified Programmer & Developer was a better effort .
 The book helped me in passing the exam . However it was quite hard to learn from a book with such a confusing layout . During the first reading it is quite entertaining . But beware , if you have to lookup some forgotten facts . The index is poor and you have to skim through crazy cartoons and handwritten poorly organized notes . Frequently I gave up searching for some facts . So the ` head first ' approach is definitely not for me . After passing the exam I gave tho book to someone else , because I did n't want to store such an optical cacophony on my bookshelf .
 This book is out-of date . It does not cover EJB 3 which is the current paradigm . For EJB 1 & 2 it is a good book , but these are not used . If you are preparing for SCBCD this is not the book to use
 Had high hopes for the book , with cartoons and all . But they got into lots of agonizingly boring technical detail without putting it into a clear context . The explanations could have been much clearer by providing that context .
 I gazed deeply into my magical Celtic crystal , a mist arose as if from an autumnal Breton lake . Slowly shapes began to emerge , reminiscent of Lleu and Bran , I shook my magikk cristal and the images became clearer and clearer . I saw a man . Was this an ancient Celt , I mused , was it the soul of a druid coming to help me or Arthur offering me Caledfwlch ??? No - it was Rhuddlwm Gawr , a 64 year old American who has never visited a Celtic country in his life . I could see his vouluminous body in the crystal . ' O Lord Rhuddlwm ' , I pleaded ` help me find meaning in my life ' . ` Hold on a sec ' said he as he gazed at from his big American house ` let me just switch off the television . '' Are you truly a Celtic druid ' I asked him , my hands trembling ` did your founder really swim with fairies in Betws-y-coed '' Eermmm ' he replied , resplendant in his Mickey Mouse T-shirt ` yes , in Wales , that 's the bit of England on the bottom right , no left on the maps ' . ` Tell me o wise one , how to wake ARthur from his sleeping place , what are the majickle Welsh words ' . ` Well , I do n't actually speak Welsh ' he mumbled ' but I have got a Teach-yourself Book ... somewhere ... . in the attick i think ' . ` Tell me more about Crisstles , and how the Celts use them ' . ` Oh yes , the Celts are Mesopotamians and they got their cristel majic from gypsies who got it from Atlantis , who got it from the Picts , or something like that - I do n't really remember what I wrote 10 years ago . By the way are you female ? '' Oh yes , yes I am ' I screamed ` how may I solve all my problems ?? '' Well come and see me , and most importantly of all buy my books , buy lots of my books . You see the earth is going to be split by big volcanoes and America will become 2 , and I need the money to buy lots of Camelots ' I shuddered and the mysterious Celtic faced faded into the mysterious Celtic mysts . I now know that all my problems will be solved by buying Crystal Balls and obeying Rhuddlwm . He must be an expert because he has two books about Wales , he can count up to six in Welsh and he was thinking of going to Ireland on holiday . How can people doubt that he is not the greatest Celtic magician since Merlin ????
 -LSB- ... -RSB- We are real Welsh folk . The dragon is rising Bill . The prophesy is coming true . We will throw off the yoke of abusive Saxons like you . Take your chains off our people . Do not lock us in towers . We are powerful , we are free . From the green leaves of the oak of Lleu , from the deep water of Sarn Badrig , from the grave of Llywelyn the spirits are rising . We will never fall for your lies . We will danse again , free from your fetters , Blodeuwedd will sing and the poets will take up their harps . The hearts will beat together and William Wheeler will sink into the quagmire of the Coraniaid . We will be free from the fourth oppression of the Island of Britain - YOU . The curse of the liar has been put on you and all who knowingly lie on your behalf . The deceived will see the light of Lloer . Until you can chant the counter spell you will suffer agony and mental torture . Bad luck will follow you . The God Lleu is angry , as is Bran . This is the curse ` miwelaisjacydoyneisteddarbento ' . Each lie you say will bring this curse upon you . Y mae rhyddid yn ein haros .
 Dyma ' r llwyth o gachu mwyaf yr ydw i erioed wedi ei ddarllen . Mae ' r boi yma 'n traethu am Gymru a heb y syniad lleiaf am bwy ydyn ni . Mae ` na bob math o rwts am grisialau . Pwy ddiawl yng Nghymru sy 'n defnyddio crisialau !!!!!!!!!! Mi fydda i 'n mynd i Sbyty Gwynedd . Ew - mae o 'n gneud llwyth o bres allan o hyn ac ma&eacute; o 'n mynd i siarad fel gwr gwadd o flaen pobol gan honni ei fod o 'n arbenigwr !!!!!! Fedar o ddim yngan yr un gair o ' r heniaith . Mi fopiodd ei ben am Geltiaid a gwel ei hun bellach uwch pob synnwyr.Gelyn .
 This book is by an author obsessed by himself . He lacks the integlligence or the decency to distinguish between reality and fabrications . He hides behind masks and tries to deceive the reader with snippets collated from all sorts of sources . YAWN
 an insult to the intelligence of all Welshmen and womensarhad ac ymosodiad ar ein cenedl
 I have to agree with the experience that the author of -LSB- ... -RSB- states with regard to the integrity of the author of these books . I 'm sure he 's tricked a lot of people since my unfortunate contact with him back in the mid 1980s . It 's amazing to me that he and his practices still thrive . Thankfully I changed my phone number and burned the cards he sent that threatened `` my ultimate destruction '' if I did n't yield to his will . Once I figured out that he was only interested in sexual domination I backed away fast.I really wonder about all the glowing reviews for his books , knowing how he really is , and that so much of his material was lifted from other sources without attribution . Are these reviewers his own followers or just him in disguise ? But , hey , if you 've had a great experience with this man - good for you . And for those who flourish within his cult - good luck and blessings to all . As for me , he was a sexually perverse control freak with a god complex who refused to take `` no '' for an answer . A total disgrace to everything Wicca and paganism is supposed to be .
 This author has a rather confused idea about Celts - an image only entertained by people who know nothing about us and who have never been close to a Celtic country .
 I Bought All The Books and Nothing WorksI Wasted my Money
 Got this book at a stall . What a load of mumbo-jumbo cobbled together from plagiarised bits of other books . He sure has got some wierd ideas about celts . celts do n't use crystals . who does he think he is . hey man - how about visiting a celtic country once in ur life ?? get real
 As an introduction to witchcraft this book is highly interesting and quite readable . Stylistically it is rather puerile and you get the impression that the author is unable to distinguish between reality and his own creations . Descriptions are intermixed with vast amounts of facts , and those descriptions are stylistically naive - descriptions of nature etc. , but entirely outside the Welsh literary traditions which has a great wealth of nature poetry.It is obvious that the author has spent a lot of time researching the materials for this book and he has an excellent knowledge of many field . It has to be noted though that a number of passages are simply copied from standard texts - some word for word ... In his attempt to create a new religion the author sidesteps issues such as objectivity and does not shy away from inventing stories , personages and even history . In order to give the impression of truthfulness he intermixes true historical facts with his own creations.He attempts to give an impression of authenticity by dotting his work with the odd Welsh phrase or term . However as his knowledge of Welsh is extremely limited there is hardly a single term without some error . This is of course evidence that the material is fabricated rather than derived from Welsh sources as the author claims.An other serious deficiency is that the author relies almost entirely on dated material , ignoring much recent work which has shed great light on major issues concerning Welsh history , mythology , language and literature . This renders his arguments dated and unreliable.This is an interesting and readable book . I think the author would make a passable childrens ' author - he has a wonderful imagination . His forte is not factual writing as he lacks the objectivity and percption to deal fairly with the issues in which he is interested . Unfortunately the outright lies in this book detract so much from the hard work that obviously went into it that it is difficult not to give it a poor rating . Had the author kept to the field which is his strong point , had he explained that this is not meant to reflect objective truth and if he could frain his flowery imagination the rating could be a lot higher .
 The only thing this book will heal is the hole in the author 's wallet . Somebody could perhaps explain to him that the Welsh have never even used crystals for healing - the geology of Wales means we do n't have many here . He would benefit from visiting Wales and getting a taste of the reality - it 's easy to live in a fantasy world about Wales when you have only been there once . The book is amusing - fair play it 's a good read , but do n't take it too seriously - if you manage to struggle through all the descriptions to the end.Mae ` na gopi ar y we - felly does dim rhaid ichi dalu am un .
 I wo n't reveal too much about myself because I am scared . I joined this cult a number of years ago . I visited William Wheeler at his home . I was required to be ` initiated ' . Later , when my life became more stable I decided to leave this cult . I could no longer tolerate the constant lies and blatant falsifications of this man . Emotional blackmail was used to try to get me to stay obedient to the group . When this failed I was told that I had been filmed in a very compromising position by a secret camera placed in a room in his house . He threatened to send the video to family and friends.He is very dangerous and will stop at almost nothing to maintain his power.I am in contact with a number of former cult members , who have broken free and seen through his lies.The books were invented from him . I thought initially that they were a true tradition . They were simply invented by him . Please beware . Look before you leap and get involved . These books have no relation with any genuine Welsh or Celtic culture . I was very disappointed when I discovered this .
 I -LSB- 've read many of his books and liked them very much . I considered this one sily fluff and I did n't finish it .
 From the audiobook cover
 The most boring book ever . No theory , no ideas , just page after page of stuff you already know . There is almost 200 pages on Alchemist . Nuff said .
 It was boring so I stopped reading it
 Was disappointed that so much of the original book was left out in order to focus on investor psychology . MacKay was a master of crowd psychology in its many forms , in addition to investment matters .
 This was recommended by some famous people as a `` must read '' for serious investors . The people who rant and rave about how great this book is must have only read the inside jacket . There is 160 pages on the Alchymists alone , which like most of the book , could have been summed up in a third of the space . This book is so stretched out it 's ridiculous , I 'm willing to bet 90 % of those who attempt to read it never finish . I 'm warning you now , as an avid reader of financial books , this is one of the slowest reads you will ever encounter ... ugh .
 Purchased this book because the Table of Contents under Browse Sample Pages showed the full content of the book . However , the Harriman House Classics hardcover edition only has three of the chapters .
 The content is interesting . However , the closely-spaced letters and lines in the typeface used for this book make it very tiring to read more than a page or two at a time . There is no forward , or information about the original publication date , etc. . Seeing that the book can be downloaded in a readable typeface free from the Gutenburg Project , it was a poor value .
 This is only a small sampling -LRB- 3 -RRB- of the stories in the original text - The Mississippi Scheme , the South Sea Bubble and the Tulipomania . If you is only interested in reading the Tulipomania , then this book is for you .
 How can a book like this possibly be published without a table of contents or an index ? Unbelievable . I 've never heard of such a thing . Unless you want to read it cover to cover , which I never intended to do , pass on this one .
 After hearing about this book for a long time , I recently read it . Mackay 's book consists of one anecdote after another ... for more than 700 pages . It offers very little in the way of analysis and explanations . If you like that kind of book , this one is for you.I found this book boring and very overrated . I suggest that you skim a copy of this book before you buy it . After skimming it and getting a feel for what it contains , the chances are good you wo n't bother to buy it .
 Mackay 's anti-Catholic bigotry is well documented , and in this tome he leaves no opportunity to bash the `` Romish Church '' unexploited . I found the instances of anti-Catholicism in the book to be a major distraction from the rest of the content contained therein . In my mind such close-mindedness has a deleterious effect on the author 's credibility .
 If the delivered product does not contain a TOC , do NOT advertise it on the Amazon site . A book of this type is difficult to read as is ... to not include a TOC is ridiculous , even at .99 cents .
 This book starts off fairly interesting enough with stories about delusions that captivated societies to the point of delusion . But somewhere along the way , maybe alchemy , the author decided to make expansive listings of people conducting such activities upon a given population . Talk about dry and really not important to the overall concept of the book . Many of these sections could have continued in the telling of a story to accent the main point.While one can dig out the gems in this book , buy this book only if you have time to dig them out . And even then , there are only a few of them.Good book for reference at best , but one not worth all the time for reviewing short burst of interesting reading .
 Be aware that the edition published by Harriman House ONLY contains the chapters relating to economics , so you only get probably 1/7 of the original book ...
 I read a lot of history books and I am a big fan of books dealing with the history of science and economics . Yet , I could not bring myself to finish this gargantuan book . Before you buy this book be aware that it was written in 1841 , and in my opinion it did not age very well . If you are a casual reader of history books , this book is probably not for you.Of the book 's 740 pages , the first 100 or so deal with economic bubbles - these initial chapters are relatively engaging and easy to read . In comparison , the following 150 page are simply a LIST of famous alchemists , with a few brief anecdotes about each one . The other subjects covered later on , prophecies , fortunes telling etc. suffer from the same problem . The book contains no analysis , it merely offers a collection of anecdotes , some amusing some not.The book is written in archaic language , with Latin and French phrases interspersed throughout it . Occasionally , entire Latin paragraphs are used with no English translation . I read a lot , and this is the first book in many years that I was not able to finish.There is one positive thing I can say about this book
 This book is a thin , thin , flimsy 98 page excerpt of the real 778 pagesbook . Do n't buy it.It is a flimsy thin paperback . IT IS NOT A HARDCOVER . AMAZON HAS IT LISTED WRONGLY .
 The experiential information described in the book is interesting enough but gets rather tiring about half way through as witnesses describe more of the same lights proceeding southwest or northeast , moving up and down , blinking , etc , etc. . If you 're someone who has long gotten over the notion that THERE ARE UFO 's then this reading will seem like one , long , run-on report from numerous witness about the strange lights and craft they observed in the mostly night skies of northern New York state . This book is synonymous and a good companion to `` Phoenix Lights '' where onlookers marvel at the appearance of symetrical arrangements of mysterious lights in the night sky . Some of the sightings are quite compelling but , once again
 Unfortunatly , being one of the original investigators when the UFO `` hysteria '' began in New York , the whole story can be seen from a different viewpoint than what has been reported . Sometimes for reasons that should be left unjudged , objects or experiences that people think they are experiencing can be interpreted to be that person 's reality or judgement skill . There are many other real stories behind the Nightsiege of New York . Many stories can be interpreted in ways to meet ones own goal , or maybe provide the need for that fifteen minutes of fame . People maybe saw what they think they saw . As for one of the original investigators , who also saw these objects and found them identifiable , and who also was one of the original writers and researchers I find now I that I have grown up , I am too old for fairy tales .
 This was a well-written memoir , up to a point , by a well-known jerk . The author cruelly betrays the confidences of the teenager he hires to catch him . He thinks about noone but himself.Nevertheless , the book is very readable until his emotional breakdown in the closing chapters
 A really enjoyed ' A False Spring ' so much that I have read it over and over again since I bought it 25 years ago . I liked ' A False Spring ' so much that I bought ' A Nice Tuesday ` dispite the fact that I read a blistering review of it in my local paper . Even the silly idea of a ONE INNING CLASS A ` comeback ' at the age of 56 , the basis of this book , could not prevent me from trying to find more of the magic of ' A False Spring . ' But this book has no magic . It 's raunchy , its silly , - its nothing that I was hoping for . Jim Bouton is quoted on the book 's cover as calling Jordan `` painfully honest '' - that is a very accurate assessment ; Jordan tells us all of the intimate details of his sex life AND his parent 's ! What does this have to do with a baseball ` comeback ' book ? For a good story of a REAL baseball comeback read Terry Pluto 's ` The Greatest Summer ' which tells the story of Jim Bouton 's amazing comeback . If Jordan really was trying to fulfill his lost promise , why did n't follow Bouton 's example . Even Garth Brooks got to send spring training with a major league team . But Jordan 's comeback is nothing but , playing catch for months with a high school player , never facing batters , runners , fielder 's errors , umpires ; the whole baseball experience . As far as the rest of the non-baseball part of this book , -LRB- which is the majority of the book , by the way -RRB- Jordan is so focused on his own fantasy that he never even learns the name of any of his ONE INNING team-mates . But they should n't feel too bad , Jordan never even gives the names of his 5 children . This is how he writes of them on page 222
 A word of warning to those who believe the title - the authors claim it is for the 2000 version of Publisher , but many of the screens and keystrokes they portray are of an earlier version . After struggling through several pages of the intro , they thoughtfully threw in a text box on page 10 , to explain that the book is based on the '98 version of the program and that `` the appearance of your screen might not match ours ... '' Terrific . If you are a veteran of Publisher , this might not be a problem , but if you bought this thing thinking it would lead you through the 2000 edition of the program , you are left to wander through it , and getting stuck on a page with no way to go back without losing what you already have done . If you are a rookie on learning this program , do n't expect this book to be your guide . Take a class instead or keep looking for a better tutorial .
 I had a very hard time trying to get into this book and soon gave up . I definitely do not recommend it .
 It would be fair of me to make a confession before I begin
 I read this book back in 1973 as part of a High School history class . After I had graduated from College and done a lot more reading I was disturbed to discover that the book proposed a primary economic theory of the Great Depression that was widely believed in the 1930s but had come to be widely discredited by the time I read this book and indeed some of the Nobel Prizes in economics had been awarded for the work that invalidated this text . For that reason I was somewhat miffed at my high school history teacher and I did notice that the edition of the book that I had read -LRB- and still own -RRB- had been published in the 1940s . Specifically , this book pushes forward the notion that the great depression was primarily a purchasing power problem as workers had inadequate income to purchase the goods being produced . Today it is recognized by most economists that poorly thought through policy at the Federal Reserve which in enforcing higher reserve requirements for banks had the unfortunate side effect of contracting the money supply greatly and causing the constriction on purchasing . What Leuchtenberg provides is the belief that existed in the 1930s , when the phenomenon was not well understood and in fact policy makers in following this idea probably did at least as much harm as good.Instead of reading this book I 'd recommend more recent books which account for the work of the economists .
 I read the Perils of Prosperity for a History class . It was hard to get through , extremely dry , and at times extremely unclear . Leuchtenburg does not attempt to insert any life or interest into the stories of many interesting people , but instead blathers on in a detached style , leaving the reader bored to tears . He also assumes social knowledge of the reader , by making reference to explain points , which are completely useless and confusing to those who have not read the work he 's referencing . Also , sometimes , Leuchtenburg just annoyed me . In the chapter on the Scopes Trial , the book mentions William Jennings Bryant saying that Jonah was swallowed by a fish . Leuchtenburg then haughtily points out that in the story , Jonah was ACTUALLY swallowed by a whale . The only problem ? The Bible actually does say `` fish '' . Nobody likes a know it all , and they 're even less appealing when they do n't do their research .
 I am curious to read this book it sounds inspiring . It is really nice to hear a story about someone who recovered from tragedy . I too am skeptical about the idea of dialysis to treat or overcome schizophrenia . I think it does a bit of a disservice to people with serious mental illness who have to take or often refuse medication with difficult side effects to advocate an experimental and risky `` cure '' with no significant treatment outcomes but it 's a definite read .
 Like I said , the above sums up my advice . I 'd suggest only absolute beginners would write a good review for this book , because they do n't know any better . One section alleges that a programmer who teaches themself C++ will get fired , because they would use the linei = i + 1 ; not realising they SHOULD usei + + ; This is funny on SO many levels .1 . Who would fire someone for this ? 2 . Why ca n't people find this syntax for themselves ? 3 . He crows about increased efficiency , but i + + creates a tempory , he wants + + i for this claim4 . He was talking specifically about people teaching themselves in migration from C , which , as you know , supports i + + . He goes on to list the STL containers , misses half of them and goes on to explain why STL containers are better than containers based on templates -LRB- which is the bedrock of STL -RRB- . His understanding is obviously lacking , but this does not stop him from writing about a topic if he thinks it will help sell his book.John Robbins book , on the other hand , is indispensable . If you do n't own it , you need to . It is everything this book could have been and more . John is the author of MSDN 's ` Bugslayer ' column , and he knows what he is talking about .
 I was pretty excited when I first got this book , but was pretty disappointed after reading it.First off , the title is misleading , focusing on Windows rather than C++ . Since I am mainly a Windows programmer , though , this did n't phase me too much . However , the book often seemed to be a manual for the Visual C++ debugger rather than an insightful narrative on the debugging process . Although I realize examples have to be short and to the point , I was often insulted by the ridiculously simple errors the authors presented . The section on inline assembly debugging is almost useless . A much better approach would be examining the assembly language that the Visual C++ compile generates , rather than creating simple ASM programs with obvious mistakes.I would have much rather seen a book about preventing bugs , and techniques that can be used to accomplish this goal . While this is certainly not that book , it would be useful for something just getting started with Visual C++ , though anyone beyond a novice would probably be as disappointed as I was .
 The title suggests that this is a c++ book . It is not . More than half the text is devoted to MFCs , DLLs , and other microsoft platform and tools specific issues . In fact , perhaps only 2-3 of the chapters can be said to be actually dealing with the c++ language . And the information provided there is pretty generic . `` debug your code , not stroustrup 's '' . Well , thank you . For users more advanced on MFCs and the like , it may be of use , but for students of C++ , money is better spent elsewhere .
 * The price for a used one -LRB- currently $ 1/copy -RRB- tells you the story . * They did n't know what they were talking about when it came to STL . * Lots of outdated , smelly , crappy code in the book . * Forget it .
 This was a very uninteresting waste of time . Thank goodness C. S. Forrester wrote other novels ; I would never have bought any of his novels if I had read this thing first .
 I purchased the book and found a great number of errors within . I contacted the primary author who advised me of the web site his company has set up to notify the public of errors within the Exam Cram series that he is involved with . There are so many that he offered to refund the money I spent on this book . He also advised me that the publisher is refusing to make changes in subsequent printings.I would not depend on it primarily for passing the test .
 All of you are right . This book has nothing to do with the test . Do not waste your money folks if your are planning to buy this book . Please !
 I 'd call this as the EXAM SCAM series rather than EXAM CRAM . The real exam is much harder than the practice questions covered by the book . Plus , there are an awful number of glaring mistakes in this book that someone who knows FP well will begin to unlearn some of the stuff . So , beware . I found this book totally useless . Microsoft online help is probably the best cost-free solution to prepare for the exam . I found it the hard way . Watch out for the ` simulation ' traps in the exam . Also , there are a number of questions on user setup , server configuration , etc. that are not covered at all in this book . Do not even read about FP Editor . There are hardly any questions .
 I read and studied the exam cram Frontpage98 book and memorized it front and back . Then I took the test . I failed . You need a score of 702 and I got a 680 . I was close , very close but not quite . Many of the practice questions were not on the test and the test was heavy on server types , fire walls and proxy 's , and it just had alot on it that the book did n't cover . It had alot of database access questions via Frontpage.I was dissapointed with the book . It had good content and I learned things from it - but it was n't anything like the test . I will retry the test again in a couple weeks.I would appreciate anyone writing to me who took the test also . I would like to share notes on it . And also , how about folks that failed the test using the exam cram book .
 The cram sheet is great in this book , however , the book itself is too basic , and makes no mention of the topics which you need an understanding of to do the simulations.I really find it hard to believe that the author/authors even wrote the exam .
 I took the exam and I passed it . However , my passing grade had nothing to do with this book . The content they review is hardly mentioned in the test and the practice exam is nothing like the actual exam . Save your money and review what you already have , this book is not worth $ 1 .
 While the Exam Cram books have always been a favorite to study from , this book fell very short from the standard . The content is somewhat OK if you are already very familiar with the product . If your not very familiar with FrontPage then I advise you choose another book or get a second book that explains the How To 's of FrontPage ... I recomment a Microsoft Press publication.This book also falls extremely short in its presentation of the sample questions . The sample questions in the book are much easier than the actual test questions . The author fails to mention anything about the simulation questions in the exam . However the most disappointing part of this book is that there are several mistakes in the answers to the sample questions . The book attempts to give correct answers for actions that are impossible to achieve in FrontPage . It even begins to contradict itself with answers to the sample questions in the middle of the book and answers to the questions in the back of the book . This one is my favorite ; the book in page 57 explains that `` FrontPage can not publish multiple sites simultaneously '' However on page 339 the book claims `` FrontPage 98 can publish to multiple sites at the same time '' . Hmm ... this is pretty important , which is it ? Here 's a book that your supposed to cram info from for an exam and it contains such ambiguous information ? The answer is you CAN NOT . Even the tear out Cram Sheet has errors ; `` Forms pages have two additional views ; No Frames and Frames Page Html '' Really ? Someone please point this out to me in the program . I think what the author is trying to refer to here is FRAMES Pages . Anyhow that 's just a few mistakes in the book I came across and I did n't even read it cover to cover . I am not writing this because I failed the exam , I actually passed first time and after using FrontPage for only 4 weeks ... but my pass had nothing to do with this book.Overall save yourself the money and read the FrontPage manual that comes with the program , it will help you and provide you with more information than this book can .
 Positive Points
 The people who buy this book will really and honestly use ONLY this probably along with the Transcender to pass the exam . While it is good for that -LRB- FINALLY after 5 billion printings and all of the readers technically editing it for free -RRB- where will it get you after the fact . Can you use it as a reference - NO ? Can you really gain knowledge to help you perform your job and troubleshoot from this book - NO?Now the people against me will say this - Well we only use this to review for the exam - we have other outlets for studying and practicing . But in this day and age where we are hard pressed for time to get these certifications - the truth is simply this - Get the book - Pass the exam - Get the job - JUMP IN THE FIRE ! Wise - No . And the community colleges and training companies know this . But they usually get the people after they have been employed and this costs companies money they should n't have had to pay.But we live in a capitalistic society . This book has a right to be here . The same way Credit Card Companies like Sears , VISA , and Check Exchange have the right to gouge users with interest and inflict financial penalties on people that pay off debts . What they have in common is a total disregard for consequences and ethics.Their initiative
 Author rambles on about various old designs and the philosophies of the designers/builders , interspersing a few fuzzy B&W pictures and snippets of hull profiles . Might be interesting to the history buff , but if you want clear , relevant information on how to build a wooden boat ... this book is n't for you . There are many others to choose from - I 'd recommend Buehler 's Backyard Boat Building and Gerr 's Strength of Boats as two helpful books I 've read so far .
 The book is filled with stories about boats , not about boat building techniques or anything really of use to someone who is interested in building plywood boats , buyer beware ! This title is misleading .
 This is a very good guide to the basics of GIMP . However , it is important to note that this book is severely outdated . GIMP , being part of the GNU , is constantly changing , and many times I found myself struggling to find a button or executable action that was either moved , replaced , or removed in newer versions of the GIMP.David Bush 's style is also quite wordy and may be difficult to follow for many readers . In short , if you are interested in learning the GIMP , I would suggest getting another book unless you are planning to struggle with this book.GIMP is a great program and I use it instead of Adobe becuase , well , it 's free ! I highly recommend anyone dissatisfied with Adobe 's performance to get a good book along with the GIMP . You will not be disappointed with the GIMP . However , please look for another book becuase this book will not help you unless you are running a very old version of the GIMP .
 I love all things Grisham , Greg Iles , Stephen King , Philip Margolin and -LRB- my new fave -RRB- Karin Slaughter . This was my first try at Rosenberg . The story line was interesting enough to keep me going , but halfway through the book I gave up , which I do n't often do . There were many discrepancies that annoyed me . I 'd have to turn back pages , thinking `` Did n't she already say ... . yes , so what is she talking about here ? '' The writing did n't grab me either - kinda flat . I hate to sound like a snot , but this seemed to me a `` dumbed-down '' version of a suspense novel . I finally decided , `` Give it up ! '' There are too many books on my to-be-read list to continue with this . Sorry .
 I listened to the whole unabrigdged book to try to understand why this book would get published . I belive it is the worst book of its genre that I have listened to on CD or read.There are several femal author 's to choose from . Do n't choose Ms. Rosenberg.Sullivan 's Law -LRB- Rosenberg , Nancy Taylor -RRB-
 Never Cry Wolf is not without its good points . It has many humourous moments and the setting is described almost poetically . However , Mowat 's conceitedness gets old fast . His ideas , while arguably not the majority opinion , are far from original -LRB- even back when this was written -RRB- . Furthermore assigning human personality characteristics to wolves does not help his case . Intelligent readers can understand that wolves are not the evil monsters some make them out to be , without having them painted with desirable human qualities . Wolves are just wolves . Nothing more . Nothing less .
 Farley Mowat has admitted publically that both the book and the movie are not based on fact . He is quoted as saying that he never lets the truth get in the way of a good story . The idea that wolves eat only mice and voles should give anyone reading it pause . The wolves have had to be controlled -LRB- by helicopter , trapping , etc -RRB- to protect what is left of the caribou . And then , they put them in the US , where they are making huge strides in decimating all of the ungulate population of Idaho , Montana , and Wyoming . The man is an admitted liar , why would anyone want to read the book , or watch the movie . He is totally unrepentant about it , also .
 This book is PURE FICTION.I encourage Amazon to file this book under `` Comedy '' if not `` Fiction '' . Putting it under an `` Ecological Essay '' is adding insult to injury . There is nothing `` ecological '' about this book , nor is this book an essay . This is the same man that thinks pissing in front of a predator will keep them at bay . I dare anyone to try that . Nevermind , do n't , because I do n't want to be tracked down for punitive damages after the person dies .
 `` Never Cry Wolf '' is a great story , but sadly , it 's a work of fiction that 's been inaccurately sold as non-fiction . Mowat has never provided evidence to refute the investigations in Canada that uncovered the fictional nature of `` Never Cry Wolf '' . For an accurate description of wolf biology , read the works of respected wolf biologists such as L. David Mech . As Mech says in his book `` The Wolf '' , Mowat 's `` Never Cry Wolf '' is a good counterbalance to the `` Little Red Riding Hood '' portrayal of wolves as vicious man eaters ... yet neither story is grounded in fact . Among the gross errors in Mowat 's book was his contention that wolf packs can subsist on a diet of small rodents . No wolf biologist has found such a wolf population . It may not be PC to say that wolves subsist primarily on large ungulates that they hunt down and kill , but it 's the truth .
 I am a high school student in grade 12 . I read this book as a ISU novel study . I did n't really get into the book until the part about the mice . Otherwise it was pretty boring . But if you like that kind of stuff go ahead and get the book.I recommend this book to anyone over 40 with a lot of time on their hands .
 This book is NOT the true story of life among arctic wolves -- Mr. Mowat spent much , much less time with wolves than he pretends he has in this book , and simply fabricates most of his observations . It takes a special sort of person to endure the frozen wilderness to study arctic wolf behavior at length , and to accept that these beautiful animals are intelligent and amazing killing machines that do n't need to fulfill people 's desires to view them as non-threatening mouse-eaters . Apparently Mr. Mowat just is n't that special sort of person -- but he is a liar .
 I got the book hoping to learn the human experience of such an amazing challenge . An experience like that must have such a profound impact on a man 's psyche , but I felt he masked all of this with shallow quips and wordsmithing . Way too much salesmanship and way too little reality .
 I did n't actually enjoy this book while I was reading it ; although there were some parts that were interesting , a lot seemed very unbelievable.I was felt betrayed later , when I learned that Farley Mowat had written a HIGHLY fictionalized account of his experience , had spent very little time with the actual wolves and besides had n't been there alone at all ! I absolutely ca n't stand fiction being sold as `` an absolutely true account '' -- this crossed a line . And now that it has been revealed as fictionalized , it is truly astounding that it is still fooling people and is still being classes as nonfiction .
 To put it very simply , how can a fictional work be considered `` Amazing True Story of Life Among Arctic Wolves '' ? Very deceptive and misleading in it 's title . A fictional book about wolves ; yes , a true story ; no . Read to enjoy a fictional world drawn up by Mowat , but if looking for a true life story stick to non-fiction writings as this is certainly not among those .
 My problem with Farley Mowat 's -LRB- non-autobiographical -RRB- books is that they play extremely loose with the facts and the persons described , and in some cases just lie . In the case of Never Cry Wolf , Mowat plagiarizes substantially . Mowat 's misinformation undercuts the credibility of real scientists at a time scientists are routinely disregarded by our policy makers , reinforces the public misconception that researchers find only what they want to find , and misleads people badly about the true nature of wolves and our environmental issues.The basic plot of Never Cry Wolf is of Mowat as a young field biologist during summers in Canada who had to fight incompetent , unsympathetic bureaucratic supervisors whose only interest was in finding excuses to kill wolves . Mowat claims he discovered that the wolves ate mainly mice , not endangering the caribou , deer or other large prey species , but that the bureaucracy fought to suppress these findings.In fact , Mowat 's field experience was nothing like what he describes in Never Cry Wolf , and far less extensive or valuable . Mowat has never published any scientific reports supporting his claims . The head of his scientific field project was Doug Pimlott , one of the top wolf scientists in North America , and a man with enormous integrity , sympathy for , and understanding of wolves . The actual facts of Mowat 's very limited field experience have been described in several scientific journals . Folks interested in the true story should search out the reviews of Never Cry Wolf published by Pimlott in the Journal of Wildlife Management 30:236 -37 -LRB- 1966 -RRB- and Banfield , A.W.F. in the Can . Field Naturalist 78:52 -52 -LRB- 1964 -RRB- . Even more troubling is Mowat 's apparent plagiarism . In Never Cry Wolf , Mowat describes at considerable length play among various members of a wolf pack he observed . Except he did not observe this . This section seems to be lifted pretty intact from Adolph Murie 's classic field study of wolves in Alaska - The Wolves of Mount McKinley -LRB- U.S. Natl Park Service , Fauna Ser No. 5 , 1944 -RRB- . As to Mowat 's claim that the wolves in his study ate mainly mice , this is ridiculous . The wolves in the area he allegedly studied live primarily off large prey such as deer , caribou and moose , with beaver probably being the smallest prey eaten routinely . The wolf 's diet is discussed authoritatively in the recent monograph Wolves , Behavior , Ecology and Conservation -LRB- ed . L. David Mech and Luigi Boitani , Univ. of Chicago Press , 2003 -RRB- . The chapter on diet -LRB- p. 104 -RRB- begins : `` From the best-selling book and popular movie , Never Cry Wolf?millions of people gained the impression that wolves eat mice , rarely caribou . Author Farley Mowat later admitted fabricating much of the story -LRB- Goddard 1996 -RRB- , originally billed as true , to gain public sympathy for the wolf . Mowat succeeded enormously , and decades later the misconception remains . '' -LRB- Goddard = A Real Whopper , Saturday Night III : -LRB- 4 -RRB- , 46-50 , 52 , 54 , 64 . -RRB- What saddens me is that there are so many other , better books about wolves . A superb book that explores brilliantly human 's complex interaction scientifically , culturally , and historical with wolves and is exceptionally well written , I recommend Barry Lopez 's Of Wolves and Men . Lopez , an extraordinarily eloquent writer , approaches his subject with both a sophisticated grasp of the science of wolves as well as a sensitive , accurate and very insightful understanding of other cultural ways of understanding wolves , their environment and their interaction with humans.Any books by L. David Mech or John Theberge would be a much better use of one 's time reading about wolves .
 I recent read the book , `` Never Cry Wolf , '' by Farley Mowart . Personally , I did n't like the book very much . It was very slow moving with very little action and not many interesting events . The book said it was based on a true story , but really it never happened and that upset me . So I guess this book is realistic fiction based on facts . It is a short book that is based on facts about the interaction between wolves and other animals . If this sounds interesting , then read the book . But if you prefer sci-fi 's and fantasies with action and adventure , then stay away from this book .
 I read this ... how do you say `` NOVEL '' pretending to be non-fiction when in grade school years ago.Since then I have learned that Sir Mowatt does n't let the truth get in the way of a good yarn.I will never read any book by him again . ... I give it a negative 5 stars.save your money and buy a comic book .
 This is a book about wolves . It is a far cry from Dr. Seuss , but is still good for children . I as and adult , did not like the meaning behind it and it was treacherously boring , but if you want to read go ahead , because you probably have lots of time on your hands .
 I have a bad experience with the bought of this product because after a month I do n't received the merchandise . In the future I will not buy any product to this company osipmail .
 I Hated this book , it was very boring . I would read things I find on the ground before I read it again .
 As a true lover of reading , I rarely run into a book I truly detest . However , I found Never Cry Wolf truly awful . I found it very difficult to actually finish it . I thought it would be a good outdoors book , but boy was I wrong.The problems begin in the first chapter . It seems to have nothing to do with the rest of the book , or anything , for that matter . After that , it was simply too slow and too boring . Nothing ever really happens . I was still waiting for the excitement to begin when I reached the last page . No excitement ever came.I would really like to warn anyone off who is thinking of reading this book for pleasure . I guess if you are a professional environmentalist or are obsessed with wolves or something , you might find it interesting , but I sure did n't .
 I ordered this book for a class . When I received the book , it had so many highlighed marking in it , I could hardly read the first few chapters . I know some used books have a few marking but ; this one was bad . I will continue to order use books , but ; I will be more careful , whom I order the book from and look more closely at the reviews . - back to school - So . Carolina
 WML is based on XML , and is a content format for devices that implement the WAP Wireless Application Protocol specification , such as mobile phones , and preceded the use of other markup languages now used with WAP , such as XHTML and even standard HTML . WMLScript is the dialect of JavaScript used for WML pages and is part of the WAP.This little book was quite helpful when WML and WMLScript first entered the scene at the turn of the century . It introduced a new technology in a very simple and accessible way as only O'Reilly and Associates can . However , as processing power in handsets increases , it is likely WML will be phased out in the future . Thus at this point it is n't even worthwhile to learn it . I give this book two stars out of respect to how useful it was when it was first published .
 This book is a very immature guide . The editing is quite poor too . However if all you want is a fast introduction , this book just might help ; please do n't mind the headache at the end of the day .
 If I had it to do again I would not do this study because the video was so weak . My group prefers to have video with study and there are others much better . It is a good study if you do n't want the video to go along with it .
 Yes , here we have the classic Bildungsroman , or coming-of-age-story , that constitutes a -LRB- ahem , normally -RRB- delightful genre of literature . The classic of all English language Bildungsromans -LRB- generally conceded -RRB- is Joyce 's Portait of The Artist As A Young Man where Joyce tells with a passionate , lyrical intensity what it was like for him -LRB- under the guise of alter-ego Stephen Dedalus -RRB- growing up in Dublin and coming to realise his calling as an artist using , famously , `` silence , exile and cunning '' to further that end.There is also more than a bit of the picaresque to this novel , with the madcap rush of Duddy to grab his land by any means possible . But , alas , two things make this novel less than satisfactory or even , in the end , pleasing to read :1 -RRB- The writing . In contrast to Joyce or Thomas Wolfe or any other number of novelists who sketched their youth in a poetic lyricism that redeems even the protagonist 's worst character flaws , Kravitz writes in a terse , hard-bitten prose that is rather off-putting -LRB- understatement -RRB- and exaggerates rather than casts into relief Kravitz 's many small-minded , unfeeling , avaricious flaws .2 . -RRB- Duddy Kravits himself is IMPOSSIBLE TO LIKE . This might be an advantage for a character in a book like The Brothers Karamazov , where we have several characters interacting throughout the novel , some with rather bad character traits indeed , or in a novel like Donleavy ' y The Ginger Man whose ptotagonist 's faults are compensated by his humanity and the beautiful writing . But when the character is the raison d'etre for the book without many redeeming qualities at all -LRB- I mean , not even `` bad '' ones with which one finds one 's self sympathising -RRB- and the writing , which reminded me of bricklaying , only exacerbates the situation , it 's time to hang it up ... Period.For any readers who did n't fancy this book but still admire bildungsroman , picaresque anti-hero type of things , I could n't do better than recommend Irish-American author J.P. Donleavy 's Darcy Dancer trilogy.-Now THAT is what good novels of this sort are all about .
 I read this book twice.Once in high school , where we `` dissected '' the book as English teachers do with their students , and the second time as a personal read to get more of a feeling to it . True , it does paint a realistic portrayal of Jewish life in Montreal , and the language is n't that hard except for the occasional yiddish thrown in . Basically , we are rooting for an `` anti-hero '' throughout the novel , a clumsy suppressed 19 year old . Duddy 's character had his flaws as we humans do but there was something about the book which I did not like . Was it the style of the prose or the odd setting . . I am not sure which . The only thing which I got out of the book was my likeness for the hilarious character of Friar , the Film director . I have no idea why this book went on to get critical acclaim . Mr.Richler has written much much better books like `` The Acrobats '' or `` Barney 's Vision '' which I am currently reading . I guess I would recommend the book , if you ca n't find something better or worthwhile to read ... otherwise . . leave it alone . It 's not worth the effort .
 The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz by Mordecai Richler is one of the worst books I 've ever read . I feel the language in the book is unreal and some of the situations in the book are just plan undescribable and obscene . In my opinion I feel this book should be banned from being read in highschools . There are some students that I know who stated for a fact that they 've never seen a piece of garbage as worse as this book and I fully agree with them . The use of language is uncontrolable and plan disgusting . There are people who do n't use the kind of language that 's use in this book and when they see it they immediately skip over the word because they do n't feel right reading such language and they 've grown up not using or thinking of using it . To conclude I would like to say taht The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz is nothing but trash and filth for students eager and learning minds .
 This book is beautifully illustrated with a frequent subject being lilith 's naked form which is a theme of the book really . Sleeping with Adam , Eve , Caine , Lucifer , God -LRB- yes , God -RRB- , Animals , and probably a dozen or so more folk that I 've forgotten . The Book is best for a Sabbat book because it 's appeal to such base sexual things instead of any divine mystery or questioning does n't provide much . The narrator is also far less interesting than Aristole DeLaurent and Beckett .
 since they were a couple of books with similar names . i picked this one but its not what i thought it would be or actually i was searching for the message .
 I purchased this book hoping to get some Linux deployment ideas ... The description was perfect , `` Enterprise Linux at Work
 Sorry , but this was near worthless for me . If you 're a Brit , and not interested in the bigger world , it might be better than nothing , but it 's worthless as a U.S. reference . I 'm not a scholar , but I 'm scholar-enough to know bad writing and parochial coverage . -LRB- Makes me doubt Oxford in the future . -RRB-
 ... It is a 31 page wire bound flip chart -LRB- a glorified pamphlet -RRB- . The format is like a small steno pad -LRB- 6 '' x 9 '' -RRB- and the level of detail is very poor . I recommend that you pass on this one .
 I like Mosley 's work , period . Except this . If you 've read any Cornel West or Manning Marable , you 've already been on this territory before , and seen it done better . Mosley strolls along , picking through whatever happens to catch his eye in the newspaper , it seems , and levels personal comment on it . Okay , but is it interesting ? Not to me ... and I CARE about the issues he discusses . I live them . The book just did n't tell me anything I did n't know , and you get the feeling he already knows this when you read it .
 This short , but overlong , book , which -LRB- God help us -RRB- comes from something called the Library of Contemporary Thought , offers pulp fiction writer Walter Mosley the opportunity to share his opinion on how to reform America culture and politics . Sadly , he proceeds to embarrass himself utterly . The chain gang of the title is his completely inapt metaphor for modern economic life . Imagine the disdain with which folks like Frederick Douglass , Harriet Tubman , W.E.B. DuBois , Paul Robeson , Jackie Robinson , Martin Luther King , Jr. , Malcom X , and other genuine heroes of the fight for civil rights for blacks would greet Mosely 's bizarre assertion that we are all enslaved in modern America
 Where does this author get off ? First off Sundiatta was the name of a great leader/family/empire in West Africa . A Tellem is Dogon and the other name I have no idea . BUT I am really tired of uneducated people thinking they can use big ideas and ruin them with poorly organized books with spelling errors and the like ... boo
 I bought this book in hopes of receiving a well written informative book on Reptilian Aliens , but received a little flimsy , poorly written piece of garbage . Please dont waste your money with this ridiculous book , that appears to have been written for an audience of 10 year olds . The author is a black supremacist who obviously ca n't write well and tries to sound highly intelligent by throwing in a few words about chemistry and atoms into the mix . Please dont bother , this book is a total piece of crap and its gon na be used to pick up my dogs poop ... . this book is a joke . It 's good for a laugh .
 Not since I was first transproted in my adventures during the `` Spring Break With Melanie Nuntia '' have I been so moved in realms of wonder by Sundiata.I can only imagine this is the secret narrative behind the events in Occitania -LRB- France -RRB- . The Librarian Melanie Nuntia is a living representative of the goddess Tanith . The Serpent Goddess empowering young women.Knowledge of the anicent ways is no longer the prize of bearded old Masons . The sword is in the hands of the sisters ... These are more than just Memes that Sundiata weaves into this wonderful work , these are living archytyopes hat are going to shapre the future of human kind.Having played `` The Great Game '' ARG I have learned a thing or two about he willingness of the reptilians to share their knowledge with average human beings ... that may be saying a lot for a `` game '' but all I can say is that the `` universe '' as we know it is at play ...
 This book is fairly enjoyable , along the lines of a Japanese Columbo . However , when the method of the murders is revealed , it is far too bizzare to be believed ! Also , characterization of characters -LRB- other than Imanishi himself -RRB- is poor and disappointing . The relationships between characters are disjointed and contrived at best.I will agree , like other reviewers here , that the insight into Japanese culture , especially importance of group over individual , is a strong point of the book.The 2004 Japanese TV series `` Suna no Utsuwa '' -LRB- Vessel of Sand -RRB- did several things differently , which would be bad if the book was excellent , but the TV series was a vast improvement . First , it changed which characters are related and how , and what happens to whom , for a far better plot . Second , it got rid of the ridiculous method of murder , which made the novel a horrible futuristic-techno-thriller-wannabe . I recommend you watch the TV series first , or watch without expecting much similarity to the book -- and that 's a good thing!Third -- and this is what makes the TV series a MASTERPIECE -- `` Suna no Utsuwa '' created a dramatic backstory of the murderer which made the crimes believable and creates sympathy for the murderer . It 's the main part of the story , it 's realistic , and it 's the reason the TV series was an award-winner in Japan . Just because someone has a successful career , even fame and fortune , does not mean they have transcended their background and resolved their emotional and psychological problems . Additionally , the TV series ' proposition of how well-raised , caring people can get caught up in a crime -- or at least the covering-up -- is authentic . The storyline is very realistic , and emotionally moving . `` Suna no utsuwa '' was most dramatic in the last 2 episodes , when Inspector Imanishi finally puts it all together
 Originally published in 1961 , this rather weak mystery shows its age poorly . The inspector of the title is interesting in how dated he now appears ; consistently polite and apologetic in his work , and lord of the manor at home . He is embroiled in what seems like a fairly straightforward murder which turns out to be devilishly confusing -- but , alas not that interesting for the reader . Matsumoto switches back and forth between the investigation and a group of young , new intellectuals who are darlings of Tokyo 's media . Obviously the twain shall meet , but it 's not very satisfying when they do . Matsumoto relies altogether too much on coincidences and unlikely convenient relationships to bring things to a solution . Not a book that will make me seek out others by the author .
 Do you have a good critical thought process ? If not , then perhaps you should not read this book . There are a few decent ideas in it , however , I found a great recommendation from another reader 's review
 do you want a summary of this book?Stupid kid
 To the book 's credit , there are a few valuable points contained here but that is where the value ends . Having been a business management teacher and counsellor for the best part of my life , and having written a training manual on the subject which is still in use today , I feel comfortable in saying that what is contained in these few pages is not going to make you management material ! You may pick up a few tips on how to IMPROVE your skills as a manager , but if you are planning to manage a business , this book certainly wo n't cut it!One of the key reasons why businesses fail is not solely because of the lack of start up and working capital , it is because owners/managers do not possess sufficient basic business management skills . Those skills do not come from simply reading a book ; they come from proper management training and a lifetime of hands-on experience . A future lawyer can not sit down , read a book , and without any formal education be qualified for a memeber of the bar ; nor can a would-be physician with no formal education , read a book and undertake his first operation ! Why then , would anyone be so niave or gullible to think that reading an 111 page book would prepare you to be a manager ... of anything?Management , especially business management , takes know-how and experience . Believe me , my files are filled with `` would-be wanna-be 's '' and `` one minute managers '' who thought formal management training was a waste of time and that experience would come in time . Unfortunately , time ran out . The reality of it is , they learned how to make every mistake in the book on their own money , or equally worse , on someone else 's money ! Now , not only do they not have a business , they are facing a future of financial ruin . There are some excellent books in existence that will help you to improve your management style , providing you have the basics to begin with , so save the money you would have spent on this one and invest in a quality,in-depth book .
 Blanchard and Johnson 's The One Minute Manager presents a novel , yet simplistic perspective for corporate management . The authors tell a very boring and manufactured story in order to present a `` new and exciting '' form of management . The author 's stress honesty , shared sense of responsibility and dialog between boss and employee . In order to keep this flow of communication open the manager must engage in three tools or secrets.First , the employee must submit and record a one-minute , one-page set of goals . The manager asks how and when the goals will be achieved and helps to define success in the situation . The end result will be compared to the initial goal setting sheet in order to identifying the goal achieved or failed . This exercise puts the boss and employee on the same page about the true responsibilities of the employee.The second secret is one-minute praising . When an employee does something right they are immediately praised for a minute . This furthers the employee 's understanding of quality work because there is an immediate validation or rejection in their work . Employees strive to be praised and repeated good habits become second nature for the employees.The third secret is the One Minute Reprimand . When an employee does something wrong they are to be reprimanded for a minute . The manager informs the employee that they are doing something wrong . The problem is specifically defined and explained . The manager explains the problems in the action but does not attack the employee specifically . The manager must then remember to praise the employee to remind them that they are valued and respected.Though this form is of management is innovative it is not a groundbreaking concept . Open lines of communication and specific goals are not new theories of organization , but they are effective tools . This book does a good job of explaining a couple tools to improve communication but still is not worth reading .
 This book is too simple to be really effective . So what if you are a tough or nice manager ? This book is basically trying to find a balance , and that 's nothing new . And it tell you to evaluate your performance with your goals , thanks for the insight , wow , I 've learned so much . Save your money and time . If you must , check it out at the library .
 I was required to read this book for a promotional test for my work . This book is chalked full of clunky metaphors , over generalizations , and pedantic bullsh ** . It is worthless for anyone who is not retarded .
 There are a lot of great management books out there . This is not one of them.Managers who follow the guidelines in the book will be far removed from the goings on of the business . They 'll be disconnected . They wo n't form true relationships with the people working for them.This book teaches a crippling minimalist approach to dealing with people . But dealing with people is the most important thing a manager does . It should n't be minimized or marginalized.To be fair , the book is n't all bad . It 's just mostly bad . The few gems it has are very basic and covered in more much detail by other , better books.If you want something better , look at something along the lines of The Five Dysfunctions of a Team , Crucial Conversations , or Good to Great . These are all examples of good management books , IMO .
 If your supervisor frequently puts his hand on your shoulder , looks you sincerely in the eye , and tells you how your work makes him feel , there 's a good chance he 's read this book . If that 's true , you 've probably experienced firsthand its destructive effects . Take steps immediately . The only known cure is to threaten to sue your boss for harassment.There is almost nothing to redeem this book . It encourages managers to think of their worst instincts as virtues . The style of writing is simplistic and dull . The dialogue is filled with inane platitudes . There are no insights in the book that should n't already have occurred to a third-grader . And the paperback edition , at least , is far too insubstantial to prop open a window.When I first read the book , I supposed that it must have been meant as a parody of shallow pop management books . My supposition was reinforced when I discovered that Dr. Spencer Johnson , one of the authors , has also published `` The One Minute Father , '' a title which I defy you not to misinterpret . If you 're forced to read `` The One Minute Manager , '' taking it as a parody will ease the burden . But do n't let any aspiring managers in your organization get their hands on it .
 I once worked for a boss who swore by this book , although I think he quoted it more as a justification to constantly issue `` reprimands '' to his subordinates -LRB- turnover rates in his office were quite high -RRB- . The book has a very oversimplified and condescending tone , and attempts inflate the `` veteran manager '' into some sort of sage-like fountain of knowledge -LRB- I have yet to meet such a seemingly wise , all-knowing manager like the one in this book -RRB- . Dilbert owes much of his popularity to fed-up employees working under the thumb of managers who mindlessly latch onto management fads such as this book.If you really want to expand your mind , read * Heart of Darkness * by Joseph Conrad and * The Dilbert Principle * by Scott Adams after reading this book . Reality falls somewhere within these extremes .
 I have a suspicion that many people have read this book for the same reason I have
 Another business book from bestseller list . Does it really help your vision ? I do not think so . It is simple , well written , easy to read book . But , I did not get anything from it . If you have really have time , go ahead and read it . By the way , it takes only 45 minutes to finish it .
 The book 's tone is rude and I do n't see how the tone could be in the least bit effective . Some of the techniques used are also used in dog training . A real disappointment . With books like this , it further weakens the already faltering leadership we see in corporate America today . Do n't bother to read this book or better yet , if you want to train people like you train dogs , just pick up a dog training book .
 Kenneth Blanchard 's `` The One Minute Manager '' is a short book that should have either been much shorter or much longer . The longer version would have been supported with research and case studies to back up Blanchard 's claims that the techniques are effective . For readers who do n't need or want the supporting evidence , here is what the shorter version would look like :1 -RRB- Good managers are not micromanagers ; they expect employees to take initiative and solve their own problems .2 -RRB- Good managers set goals for their employees that are brief and have clear performance standards and expectations .3 -RRB- Good managers look for opportunities to praise their employees because self-confident employees are happier and more productive . Employees learn to internalize praise .4 -RRB- Good managers are also quick and clear in providing feedback when something goes wrong . Reprimands are more effective when it is understood that managers think highly of their employees . -LRB- Presumably , if the `` One-Minute Reprimands '' happen too often , the employee will no longer work for the One-Minute Manager , so that ending reprimands with statements of the employee 's value , as suggested , will always be sincere . -RRB- That 's about it.All this is probably good advice . One of the bosses whose management style I most admired and who inspired me to a high level of performance was very much like the One Minute Manager in the book . I rarely saw him , but when I did , it was clear that he had been paying attention and that he valued my work.But the storytelling format of the book -- it 's told by a naive young narrator who interviews the one-minute manager and his employees -- draws a couple of pages of material out into a hundred page book . That 's much less than many management self-help books , to be sure , and one gets the impression the author is trying to walk his talk . To Blanchard , management is more common sense than rocket science , and a long book would be a waste of time.I like the idea that , in management as as in writing , less is often more . In many workplaces , memos , meetings , and manuals are about ten times as long as they need to be . We are bombarded with so much information that , what my bosses often want and what I appreciate most from my own employees , are good two-paragraph summaries of a week 's worth of research . If they are done well , these summaries will take longer to research and write than a ten page report would have , but they save their readers time and actually produce a net gain in information.But if Blanchard 's book wants to be the Strunk and White guide to the boardroom -- brevity , brevity , brevity -- the book falls short . It took me almost an hour to read , which is 59 more than it should have .
 I must admit it took me a minute to remember this book , as I have read it several years ago . That gives me an advantage on judging the impact of this book . At the time I had given it 2.5 stars but now it will definitly be 2 stars.This review is hard to write as I do n't like critisizing books . People put their heart and soul in it and it may work for a lot of people . However , I 'm not one of them . At the time of reading I had no management experience at all , so it should have felt like a quick and easy way to learn something . I found other books a much better help , though.If you want a quick read and spend 4 dollars an hour on this book go ahead . I 'd just rather spend more time and money on another one .
 After have been hearing about this book I was expecting something better . A couple of common sense ideas , nothing new . Obviosly a manager should be able to get the best from their people and that is only possible if you really rely on them and consider them able to supply ideas and knowledge . I can not understand how this book has so much hype . A couple of days after reading nothing new remained in my mind .
 `` The One Minute Manager '' purports to give the reader instructions on managing work and life . It does that , but the advise is so obvious and the instruction so superficial as to make reading even this short volume a waste of time.The advice is to give employees clear instructions , then praise them when they do well , and reprimand them when they do not . That is nearly the whole book . Now you do n't have to read it.While this advise seems correct to me , it is also very obvious . I would think that any manager who does not already know this needs more help then this book can provide.In any case the book can not do much harm since it is short .
 A young man searches for an effective manager because he wants to work for one and become one . When he discovers a nearby manager , the young man visits him . When the young man asks the manager what type of manager he is , the manager alleges that he is a One Minute Manager . The young man wants to learn more , so the manager arranges for him to talk to three of his people.The first person that the young man talks to is Mr. Trenell . Mr. Trenell explains to the young man the first secret of One Minute Management
 This book states was obviously writen by someone who never managed anything in entire life . To sum up the entire book , he believes solely in hands a off management . Unfortunately , this is not realistic and anyone who has managed a sales force understands their sales professionals ' need for constant feedback , goals , etc. .
 What a pathetic and banal depiction of humanity . It 's nice to know that anybody with a pea-brain perspective on management can churn out a bestseller ; albeit sad to know that the brainless masses buy into it.Do yourself a favor and read Napoleon Hill and Carnegie for direction . This book is horrible .
 I normally do n't understand how reviewers can give a book 1-Star when the majority of other reviewers have given it 5-Stars . I 've assumed the 1-Star peeps just did n't `` get it '' or that they were exaggerating their low rating for effect.Unfortunately , I now find myself in that position . This book was horrible . I tried to pull some value from it , but it just was n't in there . During the 30 minutes it took to read this -LRB- yes , it 's that short -RRB- , I found myself starting to feel bad for the authors . Kind of in the way you feel bad for a child that does something totally incorrectly , but her parents do n't want to hurt her feelings , so they give unwarranted praise instead . But then I realized they 've obviously made boatloads of money off of this thing , so now I just feel bad for everyone who has read it.Seriously , there are so many great business books out there . How this one has managed to sneak its way near the top is baffling .
 I had a half hour left of my lunch hour . Embodies the 80 's management philosophy of coming out from behind the mahogany desk once in a while to inspire the little people . How Streisand . The book was somewhat amusing . Not the message , just the book
 I read all the business and management books that I can find and this is by far the worst I have ever seen . The main character spends the entire book devoting his life to improving at his job after he makes a mediocre presentation to a client . In the end he finally presents the results of all his hard work to his supervisor . When she reacts positively , he stammers `` you mean you are not going to fire me ? '' Are you kidding me ? He showed he is as dedicated an employee as there ever was and worked like crazy to get better at his job . After all his dedication he ends up with very little self confidence . And even worse , his boss replies , `` I ca n't afford to fire you . '' She jokes about how much they have invested in his training . Unbelievably bad book , the writing is very sophmoric , and the overall message is one of self doubt , groveling , and low self confidence . Save your money and avoid this book !
 I ordered `` The One Minute Manager '' , I got `` Putting the One Minute Manager to Work '' . I decided to keep it , but will am not pleased with Amazon on this order .
 This definitely feels to me like there were a few good ideas puffed up with lots of words and air to make a longer book . Anyone who needs this info does n't need all that storytelling and wants the info in the most effective form not in some long drawn-out storyline . It also feels like it was a set-up for more books at big prices to present info that could have been presented effectively in one book . I am very glad I got this out of my local library instead of buying it !
 The authors try to dress up common sense in a `` parable '' that will make anyone with any sense of the literary cringe . Do n't waste your time on this unless you want to study how not to write a book . The writing is awful and the attempts to illustrate what they consider to be deep nuggets of wisdom are laughable . The book is corny in the sense of `` gee-golly-whiz Mr. Manager , duh , why did n't I see that . Boy oh boy , by gompers , you 're so wise and I want to be just like you ! '' Book summary
 ... I was given this as a gift and did take the time to wade through its moralizing , preachy text . `` People are Your Most Valuable Assets , '' the authors breathlessly remind us , as if those of us in business are somehow blind to this obvious truth . Its fundamental promise of transforming ones ' organization , like that of so many management gurus , rests on the notion that the authors ' sheer intelligence and brilliant insights into human nature will transform any organization into a productivity machine . This , as anyone with a real job can tell you , is long , hard work deeply idiosyncratic to the specifics of one industry -- nothing that can be collapsed into a book ; certainly not one as thin as this one . Which is not to say that the One Minute Managers is all bad . It paints a wonderful theoretical world where all interpersonal problems can be solved in 59 seconds flat thanks to the fact that the characters are all fictional . It is a terrific daydream . Because that is really what the One Minute Manager , like most fad management books , are about ...
 This is a must-read for anyone who is managed by someone else . I ca n't believe this is still popular and recommended as a guide for managing people . Its top-down philosophy -LRB- sort of a `` manager knows best '' approach -RRB- assumes that subordinates must be praised and punished based upon the manager 's notion of what 's right and wrong.In an environment where professionals with different skill-sets work in teams to accomplish common goals , this book is more dangerous than helpful . So read this to protect yourself from anyone who manages you this way . A much better alternative is `` The 59-Second Employee '' by Andre and Ward , if you need to know `` how to stay one second ahead of your One-Minute manager '' .
 I was forced to read this , and attend multiple seminars from the Blanchard group . Our CFO lives by the concepts , and he is running our department into the ground by following them . The book is mostly fluff and took less than an hour to read.There is ONE good point that I got from it , and that is when setting goals for people they should be trackable , relevant , and attainable . I got that message in about 5 minutes though . The rest anyone should already know -- praise in public and reprimand in private . No kidding , learned that the first time I got humiliated in grade school.Skip the book , and polish that resume if you are forced to read it .
 Kenneth Blanchard and Spencer Johnson birthed a monster writing style when they published THE ONE MINUTE MANAGER , `` The Runaway # 1 National Bestseller ! '' -- and that style is surrounding a hideously boring topic with clich&eacute;s , adverbs , adjectives , redundancies , dull characters , and exclamation points . The book is then called a nonfiction fable . Hunh?When this book came out in 1981 it used a new , perhaps fresh , approach to teaching management skills , but since then it has been copied and copied and copied ... when it should be put in a cage . It 's time to stop dumbing down and start smartening up books for managers . Enough already!Note
 Do n't bother with this book that offers essentially one tip for dealing with all management challenges . Maybe that 's all you can fit into one minute ...
 The book assumes that the individuals you manage are essentially come fully equipped to do the job . However , most new -LRB- whether entry-level or expereinced -RRB- employees are unfamiliar with the nature of the enteriprise , its customers , and its measures for success . A good manager is also a good mentor and trainer , who spends more than `` a minute '' getting employees to learn how to make the right decisions while also giving them constantly challanging roles they can succeed in . The books spends little time on these important aspects . I would have appreciated this rather than the tedious conversational narrative . On the positive side , the suggested methods of praising and critiquing employees are worth noting .
 Can anyone learn the complex art of management by reading fairy tales ? Probably not , and certainly not from this book.The book is the glib story of a manager who does almost no work . He isolates himself from his employees , forces them to make his decisions for him , and withholds useful information from them . On a regular basis , he manipulates their emotions through pre planned reprimands and praise.Bosses like the One Minute Manager exist in real life - the unproductive , poisonous managers who make everyone 's life miserable . In the story , of course , his employees display a cult like devotion to the him , and are eager to apply his techniques to their own hapless subordinates.The book is not a positive guide for managers , and is not recommended .
 The One Minute Manager is a wonderful book for those who want to budget there time , and be somewhat more organized . I highly recommend it . However , never purchase a used book as this was not merely used , but was completely marked , highlighted , and written in . It was not worth the price I paid . If Amazon would offer me my money back , or a credit ... I would take it !!!
 A book is some strange because talks about things so obvius , but we all not remember all the times we need to deploy them !!
 Hands down , this is one of the most ludicrious books I have ever picked up.I was a little miffed when I opened the box and realized what I 'd paid $ 11.95 -LRB- plus postage -RRB- for , but that was nothing . The print is large . Some of the pages are only half full . Was this an attempt to draw out what should have been a booklet ? Or maybe not printed at all ? The behavioral modifications presented can be picked up easily . Positive reinforcement gets better results than punishment-how new is that idea ? Or how about `` clearly communicate goals '' ? Good grief . If this is truly the state of management today I think I 'll take my master 's in psychology , write a repetitive , inane book and make a fortune . If your IQ is above 75 , skip this .
 This book is definitely simple , but definitely not profound , timeless OR classic.This is a rather short book -- readable in a single sitting -- and yet it is still mostly fluff . It could easily be condensed to 1/3 of its original length or less without losing any meaning.My biggest gripe with the book is the format
 The One Minute Manager is a parable outlining the fundamental aspects of a `` One Minute Manager '' program . In the introduction , the authors emphasize the use of the book as a management tool . The key , according to Blanchard and Johnson , is to learn from the program , applying the principles to daily management functions in an organization , and sharing the newfound wisdom with others.Each section is discussed according to the overarching narrative , followed by a summary emphasizing major concepts . They include `` The First Secret
 I never throw away books . I have every golf book I ever bought , except for this one . The author uses psychological premises that could be accurate , but VERY rarely applies them to golf . He states that these premises have been backed up by `` leaders '' in the field , but it seems more like he offered them a sound bite that they agreed with , then made it sound like they agreed with the whole book -LRB- common spinning -RRB- . I guess that 's why nobody really published this book ... it 's like a photo copied , spiral bound home creation . When the author 's common psychological premises are applied to golf , the word `` sales '' is used at the same time . It 's like he threw the words golf & sales in there only gratuitously to make this book seem like it relates to them -LRB- to hook guys like me -RRB- . I felt cheated by this . The Amazon reviews were why I bought it , and I 'm very surprised now that they are all so positive . As an alternative , I found the book `` Eye on the Ball , Mind on the Game '' very helpful for my mental game -LRB- it may be out of print , as I do not see it on the Amazon sight -RRB- . I 'm sure there are others too , that actually give mental golf analysis that applies directly to golf . By the way , I 've improved my game by 15 strokes -LRB- so far -RRB- this year ... at least 10 due to improved mental keys that had nothing at all to do with this book .
 The book was boring , slow , and full of a alot of WRONG info . - The section on episiotomys is not factual . I have the updated version of this book , so there is no reason for it to have such old information . It has been proven that episiotomys are needed in only extreme cases when a baby needs to get out right away . This section in this boosk makes them out to be the norm , and says very little about the importance of natural tears.Not only does it heal better , faster and more natrually , but your body knows how much to tear in order to get the baby out . Often times a doctor will cut you too much . . meaning you have more to heal , or they do n't cut long enough . . and then you end up tearing ontop of the cut.-Dr . Gillespie is not very accepting of homebirth 's , and he fails to mention that the the 20 % of normal pregnancis that have ` births gone bad ' are caused by hospital interventions . He also seems to think that the reason home births are popular in other countries is because women ca n't afford to go to a hospital . Nice try doc . Could it be that other countires are just smarter ? Yep!He also forgets to mention that the home birth popular countries have a much higher ` live brth ' rate compared to the united States.I am not against hospitla births . I have had one myself . . as well as a homebirth . It seems to me though that the doc is only putting his personal opinion rather than fact and helpful info.He only mentions midwives in passing which is very unfair to women who will read only this pregnancy book . He does very little to empower women and makes pregnancy into a big medical mishap , that only doctors can be a part of.He does not get into delivery except to talk a lot of nonsence . FOr instance . His only mentino of position during delivery is a short blurb about where squatting , and hands and knees adapted from.Not a book for a smart women who actually wants to learn factual information and how to have a wonderful pregnancy and birth . My fear is that some young girl will pic up this book , believe what it says and then make all the wrong choices -LRB- although the author believes any and all choices during pregnancy and birth are the dr. 's and not the mothers -RRB- . I hope most women are smarter than that though
 Unless , of course , you are married , straight , `` responsible , '' financially-okay , hospital-birth-advocating and you do n't mind being patronised by a doctor who will NEVER be able to give birth himself , I 'd suggest that you avoid this book like the plague . I do n't really have issues with Dr. C telling readers about every slight problem that could happen , nor with the layout or anything else - but the patronising manner in which he speaks to women who are pregnant.The book only addresses issues which Dr. C deems `` proper , '' and at the same time alienates women who may not have -LSB- male or existant -RSB- partners , financial security , or anything else people assume you 're meant to have when you fall pregnant . He ignores issues which many women may want information about - such as homebirth and alternatives to pain relief , and advocates the `` do n't ask any questions , just obey doctor '' line of dealing with patients which I 've become all too used to.On a lighter side , the pictures are interesting and detailed , however they may send you into freak-out land if your ultrasound does n't look like the ones in the book.If you do n't mind doctors assuming you 're stupid , or you are , this is all you 'll need to read - how to ignore what your body may be telling you , how to give up your autonomy , and place your life , your baby 's and your dignity right into the hands of a doctor.Do yourself a favour - get Sheila Kitzinger , the `` What to Expect ... '' series , or Ariel Gore 's `` HipMama
 This book , while `` thorough '' is so fear inducing that any pregnant woman with a low-risk pregnancy shoud steer clear at all costs . The author , month-by-month , lists typical discomforts alongside extremely rare complications thus alarming the pregnant woman that this could likely be her fate . He does not inform her that the likelihood of having one of these problems is very rare . I would have rather have seen a listing somewhere else in the book of such possibilities and the symptoms to watch for . Rather than have this book at all , I recommend Gentle Birth Choices , Birthing From Within or anything by Sheila Kitzinger . All were written by women with the approach that birth is a normal , natural physiologic state for the pregnant woman . While they discuss complications , they are not assumed to be lurking at every corner so the woman must be hyper vigilant for such problems .
 I have bought several pregnancy books , and this one is the most useless . The writing is choppy and a little awkward , and the tone is condescending toward women . This book is definitely not recommended .
 Reading this book carefully , it 's obvious that the author is writing from a conservative Christian viewpoint . That 's fine if that 's what you 're looking for , but this book claims to be a mainstream text . Caveat Emptor!The book presents the Biblical account of Jesus ' life as historical fact . This is the only part in the first several chapters where it goes into any detail . It contends that the separation of church and state is contrary to Christianity . It explains its use of the term ` humanism ' by differentiating it from secular humanism , which is equates with athiesm . Of all the material available from the early church , the author chooses a quote from Bernard on the joys of the Rapture . There 's nothing from Auqustine or Francis of Assisi.I was curious and looked up the publisher . Here 's an excerpt from the publisher 's website : `` The main purpose of the American Textbook Committee has been to provide textbooks faithful to the American tradition , constitutional government , free enterprise , and to Judeo-Christian morality for the general reader , schools , home-schoolers , introductory courses in college and the like . `` To give you an idea of where Mr. Carson is coming from , here 's an excerpt from the introduction of another of his books : `` It would be a considerable fraud to do a book on American government which talked as if the Constitution were still being substantially observed , that pretended that when Presidents took the oath of office they intended to observe the bounds set by Constitution , that Congressmen recited their pledges with the same intent , and that federal judges were still construing the Constitution as it was written . In sum , any book on American government ought to make clear how remote from the Constitution the government has become . '' ` Nuff said .
 EXCERPTS FROM A REVIEW IN THE TRIBUNE , CHANDIGARH , INDIA , AUGUST 1997 ... Out of the thirty-three writers of the book , no less than twenty-two are non-resident Indians , some of whom we have never heard of . Anjana Apachana comes as a surprise -LRB- Who 's she ? Rushdie tells us she has been publishing short stories and that she is U.S.-based , which is probably enough for her name to be included among the best ! -RRB- , Vikram Chandra -LRB- remember the author of the almost impossible-to-read Red Earth and Pouring Rain which , nevertheless , got rave reviews ? -RRB- , Amit Chaudhuri , Nirad C. Chaudhuri , Anita Desai , Kiran Desai -LRB- no one in India has heard of her either . Her first book is yet to be published . But she is Anita Desai 's daughter and Rushdie -- without cross-checking his facts , awards her the distinction establishing the `` first dynasty '' of Indian fiction ! -RRB- , G.V. Desani , Ruth Prawer Jhabhwala , Firdaus Kanga , Kamala Markandaya , Gita Mehta , Ved Mehta , Rohinton Mistry , Padma Pereira , Allan Sealy , Vikram Seth , Bapsi Sidhwa and Sara Suleri -LRB- Pakistanis , born after 1947 . What are they doing in this collection ? `` This anthology has no need for Partitions , '' explains Rushdie ! -RRB- , Shashi Tharoor , and Ardashir Vakil . Almost all these are writer have chosen to work or settle abroad . In all probability , they are the ones Rushdie has been in touch with over the last decade or so . And in his enthusiasm over their writings -LRB- as he admits in the introduction , does n't most of it echo his own work so much ? -RRB- he has been oblivious to what has been happening in India , in the home country where all these expatriates originally came from.Rushdie 's naivet&eacute; , his sweeping contentions , his presumption that this - and no other - is the best in Indian writing , needs to be challenged . He has compiled not the best of `` Indian Writing '' but `` Indian Writing of the Diasporic Tradition '' -LRB- even though he seems unaware of Bharati Mukherjee 's existence -RRB- . Between the two , between his intention and his achievement , there lies a vast , gap ... MANJU JAIDKA
 Very slanted in its choice of the authors , the book can hardly claim to be representative of Indian writing . Indo-English writing is a miniscule portion of Indian writing , both in quality and quantity , this fact has not been addressed in the editorial choices .
 This really is the worst Economics textbook I have ever encountered . This 466-page soft cover text is absolutely miserable , both in terms of clarity and organization . In addition , many fundamental concepts are not present in the text - the author cites them as `` beyond the scope of this book . '' The book even resorts to bad grammer and poor editing in places . The level of incompetence on the part of the text 's author is truly astonishing .
 Unless you are using Cocoon 2.1.x or earlier , you are better off trying to learn from online tutorials or by asking questions at an online Cocoon forum . Relative to other Cocoon books available , this one is very good . Relative to 2008 and the release of Cocoon 2.2 , this book is almost useless .
 This book was assigned in a class , and was one that I wish we had not read . Some good points , but just not worth reading through the one-sided arguments . I am not a Flat-Earth conservative righting this either , so take the advice and do not read this , unless for a class .
 This book represents exactly how this line of series romances has been gutted by staggeringly dumb oversight.Penny Jordan used to have a distinctive voice . She used to write about characters . She used to tell a story . Shoot , they even used to have titles . You never thought you were reading `` Crime and Punishment , '' but you at least felt that had spent some time with characters an author had gone to some trouble to think about , and had some small emotional investment in . Jordan in particular had a familiarity and fondness for English country life that was a very engaging and integral part of her stories.Well , that 's gone . It 's been replaced with schlock , tackiness , and not-very-well-done soft-core porn -LRB- all readily available from a wide variety of other sources -RRB- . There are no characters , just blank-faced figures wearing placards to identify them -LRB- `` really rich sexy guy '' and `` spunky heroine '' -RRB- , going through 180 pages of product-placements and gymnastics , until the formula decrees that they be in love forever and it 's over.I guess they 're trying to update the line and woo a different audience , but I do n't think they 'll accomplish that by making it into something so utterly , trashily soul-less .
 A little too much graphic sex and too little romance . I am a romance writer and definetly no prude but there 's a fine line between vulgar and tasteful . This story is just plain vulgar . It 's like Penny Jordan could n't find anything else for the characters to do so she just writes a lot of smut until Julia gets knocked up and Silas admits he loves her . The gist I also got from this story is that they 're distant relatives , grossness ! Plus Silas is egotistical and way too pushy . There 's nothing wrong with being a modern day girl who enjoys sex but Julia just sounds like a sl * t instead of a likable heroine . Want a better read with tasteful sex scenes ? Then read Fugitive Fiancee by Kristin Gabriel or Father by Choice by M.J. Rodgers or the Wedding Planners trilogy by Darcy Maguire . They 're written better without a lot of smut like this book !
 I found the story very silly.First
 This book just is n't worth it . Whether one is or is not an Imus fan , he is a fascinating subject for a biography . But this book is basically a rehash of things that have been said or written elsewhere . It has a number of out-of-date references , has nothing but dated pictures from more than ten years ago , and has factually inaccuracies and misspellings . Sorry , but do n't waste your time or money .
 This is a very poorly written book . The author comes across as being too smart by half . For instance she writes of a radio station XELO out of Del Rio , Texas that had an early influence on Imus . She goes on to explain that the station got around FCC transmitter power limitations by locating the transmitter in Juarez . If she had checked her geography she would have noted that Juarez is about 400 miles from Del Rio and the transmitter was actually located across the Rio Grande from Del Rio in what was then called Villa Cuna.She goes on to tell of Imus and his friends doing parodies on a con man named Billy Sol Estes , whom she writes was involved in a salad oil scam , when in fact it was chattle mortages on fertilizer tanks.This may seem like nit picking but given these inaccuracies how does one accept the rest of this book , or any of her other books as being factual?She does give some insights into Imus 's character and background that are interesting ... if true .
 If you are Catholic and believe in Mary 's perpetual virginity you will not want to expose your children to this book . The premise is lovely if Mary was maybe showing these treasures to another cousin or relative , but her GRANDDAUGHTER ? IMPOSSIBLE ! This is heresy .
 There is one huge problem with the premise of this book and that is that MARY DOES NOT HAVE GRANDCHILDREN . She is ever-virgin and has only birthed Jesus , God 's son . Jesus never married or had children , so how could Mary have a grandchild ? When I see books like this that get past publishers -LRB- Christian ones , to boot ! -RRB- , I have to wonder where this world headed .
 Let me start by saying that I really wanted to like A Language Older Than Words . The concept of interspecies communication and the need for humanity to be more in touch with the surrounding ecosystem rather than taking it for granted rings very true with me . In this rambling book , Jensen does a good job at presenting the point he promises to address in his title.Unfortunately , I found the book to be highly irritating , much like a Michael Moore movie . Everything seemed to be black and white , either good or bad . Those who agree with Jensen are great . Those who do not are terrible . Native cultures are wonderful , even when they are abusive . Western culture and western religion are terrible and are dragging us to a point of annihilation.To my way of thinking , this is just too pat and easy . For all of Jensen 's bad mouthing of corporate America , he does his work on a computer , sells books that are printed on paper , drives a car to go dumpster diving , uses power generated by evil dams , and so on . His choice of proof texts are difficult to substantiate , to the point where , at one point , he says that he skips some sentences in a quote because they would disprove the point he is trying to make . When he pulls from the biblical tradition , he chooses texts that are damning , yet misses ones that are very crucial to the Christian environmental movement . Proof texting is a dangerous business.So , if you are interested in this book , read it with caution and try to read behind the words . There is great stuff here , it is just requires dumpster diving to get to it .
 This is definitely one of my all-time favorite books for its raw and uncensored examination of the world 's problems . It is a great source for recognizing our collective problems . I just could not put this book down ! This book deserves 4 to 5 stars based on problem recognition . It would be in our best interest to acknowledge these realities , instead of simply `` silencing '' them . Otherwise , everything wonderful that we 've worked so hard for will just all go down the drain . Guaranteed , the world will go on , perhaps with another ice age . As for humans , we may or we may not . As evolution has demonstrated time and time again , life will survive . The question is , will many of us survive through it.What this book does not offer are solutions . Maybe that was n't Jensen 's purpose for this book . He basically says that there are no solutions and that we 're all -LSB- in trouble -RSB- . It 's possible that he was simply using a `` double bind '' or `` reverse psychology '' approach to get readers to take action . In looking at the big picture of getting things done , this book gets 2 stars and it is up to us to fulfill the other 3 stars . Earning 5 stars is a combined effort between Jensen and ourselves.It would be impossible for a single author to offer a manual for action in solving the problems we recognize . There are so many disciplines to cover . What is needed is a combined effort from all sectors of civilization . I do believe that it can be done . In fact , it 's currently taking place , even though it is difficult to tell because we do not see any drastic results in our everyday lives . Only time will tell . The important thing is that we get as many people to join in the effort as we can . It would be impossible to get everybody to do it , which is fine . The crucial part is getting THE RIGHT PEOPLE to join the effort in sustaining everything we 've worked for.I highly recommend this book . It does what it 's suppose to do . I have faith that you will create possible solutions based on your own expertise and experiences .
 Mr Jensen repeatedly focuses us on the violence and coercion of the society as he sees it . He asks
 Jensen has a slew of problems and decides that the entire world works the way his childhood did . As an abused child who does n't actually become a sentient person until his later 20 's , he explains his view on Western Civilization where everyone is abused or an abuser , and one 's membership to either group vascillates . He also seems to put forth the notion that Western Civilization sprung up as an entity not influenced by history or affected by human nature . He quotes many different sources without providing citation or credit for most , and I have discovered that it is usually quoted out of context . As is becoming increasingly avant garde these days among the environmentalists searching for peer approval through platitudes , he ends the book with the statement that there are no solutions after quipping midway about all the trees the publication of this book has destroyed . While I would be equally as suspect of a book that wrapped up the problem in one tidy little solution , the notion that there are none is absolutely ridiculous and demeans everyone who has fought and suffered thus far . I found his arguments and support for them to be lacking and horribly suppressive to any contradictory evidence . He seems to start off in the right place with many different ideas , including the argument that all of nature communicates , but then contorts them with his notion that everything is black and white . It is unfortunate that he hopelessly anthropomorphises everything in nature in order to justify why it should continue to exist . It solidifies the idea that its importance is only that which we place on it . I have met Jensen in person , asked him about several problems I had with the book , and remain unimpressed .
 I started reading this book believing it to be a memoir about growing up with a brutal , violent father . The author does mention that time very briefly , but it makes up about 5 % of the book . The rest of the book is divided into 2 basic themes
 Jensen seems like a good man . Sexually abused as a child , he has dedicated his life to saving the environment , for the sake of the salmon , bears , trees , and us . This is noble . However , his logic at times takes giant leaps , or his facts are distorted.I am a man that wants everything to be proven to me . -LRB- Interestingly enough , because of this , I 'm Catholic and not an atheist . -RRB- However , Jensen does not prove to me that interspecies communication is as real as he thinks it is . He cites a study saying most people believe in it . Out of curiosity , I did a small scale survey of friends and coworkers . I only found one who thinks interspecies communication is natural . They are stated something like , `` Yes , I believe in interspecies communication . That 's how we train dogs . BUT it only works with domesticated animals . '' Could this fact have been overlooked by Jensen?Jensen then uses the story of his dog his chicken . His dog would frequently put the chicken in his mouth as a toy . Jensen claims that his dog understood that he was to no longer do this to the chicken because Jensen said so . Yet , Jensen admits it took many weeks of yelling at the dog to stop . Is n't it possible the dog was TRAINED and did n't understand the first time?His other errors deal with what has happened when the culture of Europe met people of other races . He specifically attacks Christians for being `` bad '' to the natives . I would most certainly agree the Europeans were `` bad '' to the natives , but I surely would not say they all were or that this is Christinaity 's fault -LRB- something he seems to understand little about . Jesus was not the first environmentalist . -RRB- Names like Blessed Juniperro Serra comes to mind , who taught irrigation to groups of Native Americans in the west . Or Damien Vesteur , who worked amongst the sick of Hawaii . His attack on Christianity is unfounded.Although the book does raise good points -LRB- that we are in serious trouble -RRB- , his solutions are lacking , and so are his attacks on what the real problem is . Therefore , I can not recommend this book to others .
 You 've heard it before
 This work reads like a transcript of a conversation with a stoned guy sitting on the couch who 's worried about the environment . I wanted to like this ; I thought Jensen was supposed to be a dangerous , radical thinker who strikes at the bedrock of civilization . The book might as well have been two sentences
 Overall , this is an extremely eye-opening , thought provoking , conscious raising , deeply transformative work . However , I fault Jensen on the following areas : - Jensen makes incessant references to ` our culture ' -LRB- which , according to him extends five millennia back to Gilgamesh in ancient Mesopotamia ! -RRB- and expects the reader to know what he is referring to , as if it can be known a priori what our culture means . Our culture consists , in my opinion , of many cultures , countercultures , and subcultures and to dismiss everything that has happened in Western -LRB- and even non-western -RRB- societies as happening in one culture is just plain ignorant . - Jensen relentlessly attacks the scientific method but ends up being a ` scientist of convenience ' by talking about climate change , deforestation , species loss , etc. all of which only make sense in terms of science and statistics . For all that he can worship personal experience and the anecdotal , all of the issues he is decrying about ` our culture ' presuppose that the scientific evidence that backs them up is in fact sound . - Jensen is extremely self-righteous and two-dimensional . Apparently , we readers are such ignorant sots that he feels the need to pepper his first chapter with such precautions as `` it 's probably better if you do n't read my book ... none of it is true . '' What does Jensen think ? That his writing is so profound , moving and inspirational that we ca n't handle what he has to say ? This profoundly irksome , self-righteous style is neither compelling nor engaging . It 's as if you 're either with him and the do-gooders -LRB- indigenous people , women , children , the Earth -RRB- or you are with his father and the bad guys -LRB- Weyerhauser , Richard Dawkins , Descartes , Bacon , et al. -RRB- . - Jensen distorts and -LRB- probably intentionally -RRB- misinterprets Descartes and many other philosophers , saying `` it would be easy for me to hate Descartes , Bacon , et al. but they had an entire culture to support them . '' The absurdity of hating people who 've been dead for 350 + years , and of judging 17th century thinkers by 20th century values can not be over-exaggerated .
 A friend of mine once created a kind of collage that said , `` As I am transformed , the world is tranformed . '' I admire the ideal expressed in my friend 's collage , but I have always believed that while it is important to transform ourselves , the problems in the world and with our species require far deeper resolutions than individual work , such as meditating , projecting love , peace , etc.Thus I do agree in spirit with a lot of what Mr. Jensen says in his 370 + page book . I think that the problems in the world can only worsen if things go on as they are , but that is just my opinion . On the other hand , so far the world has gone on , despite one prediction after another , ad infinitum , by ecologically-minded people , religious extremists , etc. . Thus I can only conclude that the earth and humanity are far more resilient than the predictors of doom are willing to admit.Mr Jensen is not just an environmental extremist , he takes extreme positions on just about every facet of what he discusses . In fact the word extreme is really tame for many of the stands taken in this book . The correct term is more like in-your-face , and that might be a tame word also.The author does have a very good handle on the causes of many of the problems in the world and with the human species . To name but a few of his points , he cites the lack of love , fear , coercion , oppression/torture of women , minorities , native peoples world-wide , and animals , and the overvaluing of money along with the obsession/overemphasis of producing -LRB- unnecessary -RRB- material goods . He discusses these points insightfully and thoroughly , and he very deftly analyses the deleterious effects of Newtonian-Cartesian reductionism on the social sciences . Also , people do live in denial about what is going on . Few question much of anything . `` Ignorance is bliss '' is very relevant to our times.Yet to me the book fails badly . On the one hand , on p. 142 Jensen correctly states that `` life is untidy '' and talks about embracing life 's contradictions . But his real agenda is to trash everyone and everything that does n't agree with his worse-than-extreme positions , so later -LRB- p. 198 -RRB- we get a simplistic quote from Victor Frankl that either we are decent or indecent people . I will give one of countless examples I could of Mr. Jensen 's extremisms based on this black or white illogic . To the author , if you are a decent , hardworking `` wage slave , '' trying to raise a family , you support capitalism , you are trashing the planet and oppressing the have-nots , and thus you are `` bad . '' His extremism reaches absurd heights , such that on p. 371 , as he is wrapping up the book , we read , `` We are , of course , already dead . There is no hope . '' This is nonsense.I do not have enough space to discuss Mr. Jensen 's personal pain . It is tragic , there is no doubt about that . Yet Mr. Jensen seems to feel that his pain is not only unique -LRB- it is n't -RRB- , but also gives him the right not only to judge humanity as a failure , and furthermore to paint himself as some sort of Messiah carrying that burden . It does n't work . And while I do not totally buy into the New Age dictum that we always create our own reality , in Mr. Jensen 's case I have no doubt that it applies far more than he would believe.I also do not want to discuss the title of the book , because to me it is maybe a tertiary theme to what the book really delves into . I will say that I do not doubt at all that interspecies communication exists , `` without words , '' and that sensitive people can pick up things from the earth and non-humans . One question that is asked repeatedly I do want to answer . On p. 237 we read , `` Where do we look for ultimate responsibility ... ? '' I recommend the book , `` And The Truth Shall Set You Free , '' by David Icke . You will get answers , though they may not be * the * answers . `` A Language Older Than Words '' comes highly recommended by the author of `` Diet For A Small Planet '' and other respected authors of alternative books . Personally I would recommend this often overstated diatribe only to deeply wounded souls looking for large-scale scapegoats . As for caring and aware people who are trying to live decent lives , please consider my review and the other reviews and decide for yourselves .
 I 'm going to do something that Banks and Ledbetter could have tried
 There is almost nothing new over 2002 and 2003 , and there is nothing in the cd that you can not get more cheaply on line . They have a connection with Writersmarket.com -LRB- a sloppily run outfit -- do n't give them a credit card -RRB- . The book is better in the non on line version -LRB- That 's a 4 star -RRB- .
 The new printed version of Writer 's Market is , like its predecessors , likely to be a useful reference for writers looking to publish their work . The section on query letters has been painfully shortened from the 2003 edition and is therefore far less useful , but the book is otherwise packed with good need-to-know information on publishers , editors , contests and magazines.The internet site , however , is a disaster . Put simply , it does n't work and the customer service is worse than that of any bank or phone company or otherwise unwieldy bureaucracy this reviewer has ever dealt with . The system asks you -LRB- or me , at least -RRB- to renew your membership each time you sign in -- credit card required . The online edition is supposed to come with a year 's worth of access to this site , but I only got one day , and thus far my repeated inquiries to customer support have been ignored.My suggestion
 My father died suddenly last October and I purchased this book to help me understand the grieving process . I found the humor irreverant and unsympathetic . I thought the book lacked guidance and had little more to say than the obvious , `` Guess what ? Death happens . '' I would n't recommend it to people looking for step-by-step information about grief .
 The Legend of Sleepy Hollow is one of those classics that I have been wanting to read for quite sometime . Years ago , when the movie version , starring Johnny Depp , was released , I absolutely loved it and fell in love with the story and characters . Well , this is one of those cases of wrongfully watching the movie before reading the book . They were so utterly and completely different.In all honesty , I did n't really like the book . It 's really short and there was really no mention of the horseman until about twenty - seven pages in -LRB- 36 pgs total -RRB- . It just was n't for me.I 'll stick to Johnny Depp as Ichabod Crane , thanks .
 I wish this book had been previewable . If so , I would never have bought it . The book was a pain in the butt to read . First , it was written entirely in the passive voice -LRB- `` The stories told by Brom Bones sank deep into the mind of Ichabod '' -RRB- . And second , there was n't one word of dialogue in it . I am aware that the story is at least a hundred years old , but that does n't stop me from feeling disappointed in this purchase .
 Yes , I love Ichabod Crane . He is cute and quirky and Washington Irving does an efficient job in garnering sympathy for the plot 's protagonist . And I hoped for his best as he tried desperately to escape the woes of the Headless Hessian and win the heart of Katrina . But that 's the only positive I saw in this short story.The whole plot never went beyond lethargic and boring . And this was n't because of the time period as this time period inspired future horror writer Edgar Allen Poe . The town 's name is a good representation of what goes on in this town . And the grand jerk of the story , Brom Bones , was n't depicted as the truly evil and seductive man out to ruin everyone and benefit only himself . He was n't the fun guy everyone loves to hate . In fact , if I were him , I would have at least been feeling the same feelings he was . The writing style was n't impressive and I really was n't at the edge of my seat . I honestly wanted effective suspense with short syntax and frigtening diction , as Poe and Hawthorne do so effectively in their works . I have n't seen the movie yet , but it must be an improvement since it has Johnny Depp and special effects to replace the lacking substance within the plot .
 In the movie , Crane ends up with Katrina . In Irving 's book , Crane is never located ... Oh , and the book lacked one important character ... a HEADLESS HORSEMEN !
 I will keep this quick because it was already a waste of time to read this book . They used these horrible drawing for the book that look like my little brother did them . Basically they messed up the story and made it for kids . They made it a childrens book , if that is what your looking for then it is good .
 When I think of The Legend of Sleepy Hollow , I think of this awesome book . So when I found the book , I was thrilled to read this epic novel . The story DRAGGED on , and it actually was a short book . I wish I had NOT read the book . In my perspective , it was a BIG waste of time .
 I began reading this book with high hopes . I expected it to be a great book filled with great suspense sequences and rousing dialogue.Way wrong.It 's just about how the main character , Ichabod Crane , became a teacher and his affairs with Lady Van Trussel and his fued with Brom Bones . You learn that Ichabod is interested in the dark arts and stuff like that . It gets pretty repetitive after a while.The book is n't divided into chapters or sections . Barely even paragrahps . There is n't much dialogue and half the book is just a bunch of words that should n't even be in there . Irving probably ran out of ideas and he did n't want to end the book after ten pages , so he just put in a bunch of characters and crap that are n't relative to the plot of the book.They spend so much time using non-useful words that after a while , you begin to forget what the book is about.When they finally mention the Headless Horseman halfway through , it 's very unsatisfying . And in the final encounter between Crane and the Horseman , it 's another thing you could care less about.The book has too many dissapointments to keep people interested and really is n't too suspenseful . It is n't even that scary . I 'm not to sure I want to see the movie now , but anything even relating to the Headless Horseman has to be better than this.Happy reading . At least try to .
 If I had to make one worthwhile advice in my life , it would be to not read this story . The boring storyline simply fails to capture any interest , despite the character 's unique names.Washington Irving 's overhyped tale not only did not fulfill my expectations after hearing such praise about it and seeing the Disney animated film on it , but also wasted thirty minutes of my life.The simple and ineffective plot drones on and on when you just want it to end . Following the actions of Ichabod Crane , a fellow schoolmaster , in the lazy town of Sleepy Hollow , the story does not capture the desired love triangle among Crane , Katrina Von Tassel , and Brom Bones , the local ruffian . Instead the relation pans out one-sided , leaving a big gaping question , what was the point of that?The characters all prove to be quite uninteresting . Every character never fully develops , thus statically remains boring throughout the tale . From Ichabod , to Katrina , to Brom Bones , to the headless Horseman , none of the aforementioned ever spark a moment in the book worth recalling.What really brings the story down is the olden nineteenth century style . Nothing is ever enticing and makes me want to read more , rather , every word I struggle on to read , just adds to my frustration and willingness to simply give up on the story.In the end , if you have some time to spare , do not read this book , rather go buy an ice cream and chill ; it will make your day much better . The only lasting impression you will have is how horribly you wasted your time .
 One of the most basic storylines I have ever encountered , Sleepy Hollow is not a book to read . Washington Irving does not do the book any justice as the story drags on without any eventful actions to get readers excited or intrigued . Reading the book is merely a waste of time.Irving starts the book of well with beautiful imagery and descriptions of the setting . The place is fully described and the mood and atmosphere is already in place , yet Irving continues to drag on with his meaningless descriptions that do not help add to the plot in anyway . Irving continues to do that for basically half the book before adding a couple of events to speed things along . Unfortunately for me , I was already burned out reading the useless extraneous descriptions.The plot is based on a love triangle , yet the love triangle is so overused , that if nothing special is added to help make the story interesting , the story remains an unoriginal , ineffective storyline set to bore readers to sleep . The characters seem too extreme to ever be real . The whole story seems too fake to ever capture anyone 's interest.And what is up with the ending ? Brom Bones gets the girl and Ichabod becomes successful . To me the ending is ridiculous because it makes no sense.Do not waste your time trying to plow through this boring story .
 These books are all ABRIDGED although it does n't disclose that anywhere that 's prominent . Do n't accidentally buy any of this series thinking these are the UNabridged classics . What a rip-off . Amazon should really post the `` adapted by '' author !!!!!
 I did n't even get past the epigraph of this book . I 'm going to delete it on my Kindle as soon as I get the chance . The reason is , there are numbers and symbols at the beginning and end of each line of the epigraph . I compared this version with the physical book just to be sure , and there are no such gooblygook in the book version . I 'm going to look for a better Kindle version .
 I do n't even remember getting this . Probably a free book for mobile app . Oh well great book nonetheless . Recommended read
 Washington Irving certainly had a firm grasp on language , and he flaunts it here . Still , the flowery description and excruciating attention given to the scenery , vegetation , the food on tables , etc. gets old fast . This is already a short book as it is and said flowery descriptions make up the majority of its length ; not much actually happens in terms of story . In fact , the entire plot -LRB- which is almost nonexistent -RRB- could probably be told in 5 or so pages if we did n't stop to smell the roses so often , and at such great length . I 'm all for digression in a book as long as it 's interesting -LRB- as in philosophical ramblings on the human condition or some such -RRB- ; but I can only stare at a rock or a bale of hay for so long before I 'm ready to move on.Not really a book that I 'd recommend , but if you 're curious about it then by all means , check it out . It 's really not horrible , the writing is quite good , it 's just far too tedious for my liking . In all honesty , this is one of those rare instances in which I hold the modern movie adaptation in much higher esteem than the original writing . Sure , the Tim Burton film took great liberties with it and added much that was n't originally there , but if they had n't then there simply would n't have been enough material for a feature film .
 Perhaps the old classics are n't for me . The archaic language was difficult to follow in places , and there was n't much actual story . Irving very much liked to go off on tangents , describing things in detail when it was n't needed -LRB- not to say the descriptions were poorly done , simply that they should n't have been there -RRB- . To put the actual story on paper , it would probably fill half a page.That being said , it 's nice to sometimes read older works - it 's a way to ` cleanse the palette ' , as it were.As for the actual Kindle edition - there were a number of glitches in the type -LRB- letters replaced by random symbols -RRB- . Perhaps someone should take another look at editing this .
 Washington Irving 's `` The Legend of Sleepy Hollow '' , is known for its poetic , flowing style . Yet , the rest - plot , theme , characters , and setting - limit the short story 's zest , turning reader after reader away with its repetitive dullness.I have to admit , however , that Irving 's style is fantastic in this story - the lengthy drawn-out sentences and chains of details matching its mood and atmosphere perfectly . Each description creates a vivid picture in the reader 's mind , excluding no details and offering every type of poetic rhetorical device . Alliteration , similes , metaphors , personification - Irving does it all . Yet , eventually the writing also becomes tedious . Readers skip over chunks of sentences , scanning for the next major plot . He hopes for another spark of interest , a reason to continue the story . Unfortunately , the reader ends up disappointed , for the plot is annoyingly short
 not a kindle fan . downloaded because it was free . didnt redownload the app on my new phone and anyways , this was all messed up , pages not in order .
 Ugly . That 's one word that describes Sleepy Hallow . Set in a unbelievably fake place of Tarry Town -LRB- sounds a lot like Toon Town -RRB- , Irving parallels the events in Sleepy Hollow with those after the American Revolution.Expressing his views of knowledge in a world of open frontier , Irving repeatedly allows Brom Bones ' to get the best of Icabod Crane . Bones ' a burly and muscular man often wins the heart of Katrina , a woman who Crane , a scrawny intellect , is in love with . More than often , Crane is ridiculed while Bones ' is idolized . Ivring strongly comments on the unimportance of intelligence in a world that is in its early stages of evolving from nature.The plot is basic and the characters are static . Little change is found within the characters , and the plot is more than predictable . So save yourself some time , and get some sleep instead of reading Sleepy Hallow .
 Whoever gives Irving 's `` The Legend of the Sleepy Hollow '' more than one star is just strange . I have not read a more boring or a more pointless story in my life . With themes that require the reader to do tedious research and style that just bores the reader out , I do not advise anyone to read such a horrible story -- unless your public library is out of books.With elongated descriptions and a motionless plot , this short story that would take half an hour to read can take you four hours to comprehend , and when you do finish it -LRB- that 's if you do n't fall asleep in your chair -RRB- , you will wish time machines existed ! Talking about two men 's attempts to win over the coquette Katrina Von Tassel , this book attempts to entice the reader but immediately fails to do so when the style kicks in . The page-long references to the lazy town , as well as the redundant descriptions of the characters just discourage the reader from finishing . Set in the sleepy town of , well , Sleepy Hollow , one already asks , why not already choose a happier place for such a romantic story to take place?The storyline is also a bit disappointing considering all the hail and praise I have heard about this `` classic . '' Ichabod is a schoolteacher who tries to court Katrina but is faced with another suitor -- the strong and muscular Brom Bones . To be fair , the most exciting part of the short story is when the legendary Headless Horseman , who many believe might be Brom , chases Ichabod after a Dutch party where the guests engaged in lengthy story telling . To our disappointment , both characters disappear and never return.The ending is ambiguous as the reader is left to wonder , did the Headless Horseman kill Ichabod ? What is the point of having such a character as the Headless Horseman or Ichabod if they will both disappear ? If you feel like answering any of these questions , feel free to use your researching skills.On the positive note , many elements of Dark Romanticism found throughout the plot attempt to entice the reader 's morbid curiosity . We see the supernatural Headless Horseman who wanders in graveyards ; we see the morbid ending of two major characters ; and we see the desolate and isolate setting of the town.Overall , this book is not that enticing at all . The themes are very subtle and require either close attention or quite a bit of research , both requiring you to waste some precious time that you might , well , enjoy going to the movies with some friends .
 I read this book soon after it was released when Women 's Lib was at its peak . I am listening to it now as I take my daily walks only because I bought the cassette tapes for practically nothing . I agree with all the criticism of Auel 's writing . I have listened to many florid books after buying them on closeout and I know bad writing when I read or hear it . I have one main criticism of this book - and I do n't think any other reviewer has mentioned it . The Cave Bear Clan is supposedly nearly subhuman and the members speak only in sign language . How then do they mentally form and then articulate conplex feelings and reasoning ? At every turn some clan member is explaining with complicated twist and turns of reasoning why something is happening . And all of this is done with hand gestures ! Amazing ! People with this ability to think critically would soon understand the relationship between sex and pregnancy . They would see how counterproductive `` clan ways '' are . Ayla lives with the clan for six or seven years and yet no one dies of disease or accident . Ayla 's amazing skills are credited with saving those lives that are threatened . Ayla seems to be the only person with any interest in cleanliness and with all of the duties assigned her in the book , she would n't have had time to keep her hair clean . I really think today that this is a ridiculous book but I understand the social context in which it was written . Truly good writing survives changes in social norms , but this book is truly dated today . I will finish listening , but I will continue to shake my head and make critical comments to the author out loud as I walk . Let 's pat Auel on the back for her feminism and interest in anthropology . Then let 's assign her to the vaults of history .
 No , really . This book falls under the category of being too well-researched . It reads like an odd combination of margin-scrawled Mary Sue and a Geology textbook . Right in the middle of potentially deep plot twists we are assaulted with a treatise on plants -LRB- some of which are not native to Europe , though for all her research the author has n't got that figured out yet -RRB- minerals -LRB- pyrite ahoy ! -RRB- and all sorts of boring details that could have easily been transformed into the main character 's observations of her world in a much more subtle and readable way . As they are , it 's merely distracting , and pulls attention away from character believability.I can see why this book is so popular , and why the series simply will not die . However , it seems that all the issues that happen in the book -LRB- A struggle for a woman who wants to achieve social equality , birth/death/euthanasia of deformed children , the concept of insecure men trying to justify their manhood by raping women , being rejected as an outsider from society , etc -RRB- are , to be fair , issues that do , in some ways , transcend all times and places . However , Auel seems to be trying to make a comment on our own society through this struggle in her books by making the Neanderthal men the scapegoats for everything that is wrong in the world.On top of all that , her main character , Ayla , is purposefully set apart to completely walk on water . She sings -LRB- wow ! -RRB- cries -LRB- egads ! -RRB- discovers reproduction , weaves baskets , makes knives , hunts , gathers , invents gloves , wrangles wild wildebeests with her BARE HANDS , memorizes herbs , cooks , hunts , is given equality with the men for a short time , learns everything super fast ... oh yes did I mention she hunts ? And she does n't ever , ever have any sort of opposition besides the uninspiring force of society against her , which does n't work at all for a struggle because she 's not from their society in the first place . There is no sense of bringing the people who raised her with her progression either , because the whole society is written to be so stupid and only serve the purpose of making her look better.And while we 're on the subject of looking better , can we please , please , for once in the history of published Mary-Sues * not * have a character who is tall , athletic , blue-eyed and with `` Wavy , thick blonde hair ? '' I do n't care how perfect you are , you ca n't keep long hair -LRB- which of course Auel describes as `` fine '' earlier on in the book ... go figure -RRB- free of tangles and healthy and shiney when you 're more worried about hunting -LRB- oh yes did I mention she can hunt ? -RRB- and providing for your family.Except they 're not her family , and even though we keep getting told that there are others like Ayla , we never see it , and Auel makes many frustrating presumptions upon an ancient society that it is not her place to make . Yes , you can research axes and spears and whatever still remains , but you have no right to assume that these people were really that dumb , especially when the only reason that they are dumb is to , what else , make your own character look that much smarter.Bottom line
 OK , where to start ? The first time I read this I thought , `` This is great ! '' But I was a shallow reader then , easily entertained , and so I missed many of the -LRB- wrong -RRB- facts presented here . Only recently I have begun doing my own research on the Ice Age/Neanderthals/Cro-Magnon , and find that Jean M. Auel has very much butchered what could have been a great story.First , the characteristics -LRB- hair , skin , eyes , etc -RRB- of people are determined by where they live , not only by genetics or evolution . The region where the Neanderthals lived had a cold climate , and so they probably had lighter skin , and fair hair -LRB- what Ayla has , except she 's Cro-Magnon . Ever notice how the Neadnerthals are all basically tan , dark brunettes ? -RRB- Besides that , look at animals for another example . A certain species of animal can have many different colors , and so can hominids . Who on earth is to say that the Neanderthals were all dark haired and eyed , whereas the Cro-Magnon were all -LRB- * CoughNazicough * -RRB- blond haired , blue eyed , and basically the Aryan stereotype?Also , as one reviewer so beautifully put it , Auel sets Ayla up to just walk on water . Indeed , many of the things Ayla `` discovers '' were , in all probabilites , known to the Neanderthal . In the time period where both the Neanderthals and Cro-Magnon lived , I do n't think that the difference in intelligence was so completely staggering as Auel writes
 I 'm so sorry to be such a spoilsport , but I found this is a terrible book and a worse series . Leaving aside all the wild inaccuracies - one of the main ones being Auel 's portrayal of Neandertals as doltish brutes - the heroine is constantly making one earthshaking discovery after another - shampoo , domestication of animals , law of genetics , sex = pregnancy , and , last but not least , tampax . No one else can figure anything out , but there she is , churning out one Nobel-Laureate discovery after another . I 'm sure in one of the later books she will be found making a short-wave radio out of a large rock . It became really maddening .
 The kindle editions of these books are chock full of typographical errors that sometimes make it difficult to figure out what should have been written . The typos made me feel like I 'd been gyped on the price of the books .
 Extremely well-written , good plot , characters and Mrs. Auel has done some research . Now here 's the bad part . It is anthropologically inaccurate . Mrs. Auel does a beautifully stereotyped depiction of the Neanderthals as stooped , muzzle-jawed , intellectually inferior creatures as compared to wonderful Cro-Magnon people with their tall erect graceful carriage , blue eyes and blond hair . I mentioned this book to my anthropology professor and he said , very succintly , `` Burn it ! & quot
 I had heard so much about the Clan of the Cave Bear , and Valley of Horses , they had been on my ` read someday ' list . Recently I picked these two up cheap at a library sale and , despite the daunting length , was all set to escape into a well-researched , engaging tale of the early days of humankind . I did not get very far . The first book began with an utterly absurd premise , that the 5-year old girl loses her mother because the little brush shelter of theirs , in which the mother is residing , is swallowed up when a great earthquake shakes the surroundings and finally opens up the ground beneath it into a huge crevice , which then closes up behind it.That 's right . There are so many believable ways for a stone-age child to lose her mother
 lets see , young blue eyed , pretty and in every way superior CroMagnon Ayla manages to transcend her brutish , Neanderthal counterparts and invent fire , discover the cause of pregnancy , invent the wheel , and all with some magical process of thought that the author just bestows upon her.Silly , fatuous and and a literay hash .
 I am not usually so critical , and I must admit I read several of the books years ago , but I finally put them down without reading the rest because there was just too many descriptions of sex in them . The detailed and varied descriptions were simply unneccesary for a book that is touted as a `` must read '' for women as young as 10 !
 This is a feminist parable with the Neaderthals -LRB- almost all the Neanderthal characters are men -RRB- representing the male oppressors of the intellectually and emotionally more evolved female represented by the Cro-Magnon , Ayla . I giggled every time one of the Neaderthal characters `` made the sign '' indicating the command for sexual favors , picturing the short rhythmic fist pumping motion sometimes used by modern males to allude to intercourse . Two stars - one for the sometimes interesting anthropological details - one for the laughs .
 I really wanted to like this book . After a good friend suggested it I decided to give it a go . Big mistake . This book put me to sleep , literally . The description of the land and plant life goes on forever . Takes way to long to get to the plot and it 's just not worth the time .
 I was very unhappy with the number of typographical errors not only in this book but in all of the books in the series . The story continues to be a favorite of mine , but the errors decreased my ability to totally enjoy the digital copy . In some places I am not sure I would have known what the word was if I were not familiar with the books already . It has made me a bit cautious about buying other digital books . I was looking forward to building my digital library and clearing out some space by getting rid of hardcopies . Now I am not sure I will .
 The basic premise for this book seems like a great idea for historical -LRB- or pre-historical ? -RRB- fiction . However , it failed to deliver . The entire storyline was so predictable and hackneyed I had to force myself to finish the book . The characters are all one-dimensional and stiff and Auel never really succeeds in bringing them to life . And come on , who really did n't see the ending or the rape scene coming ? Auel was obviously trying to create a novel centered around a strong central female character , but she just succeeded in making Ayla looking like an untouchable annoying kid with all the answers . Also , the Neanderthal `` mind meld '' is one of the most ridiculous things I 've ever read . The only reason I give it two stars is because I like the fact that it has a prehistoric setting .
 I read this book 3-4 years ago . It 's still makes me highly agitated every time I think about it . You just feel bad for the main character through most of the book and there is no redemption at the end . It has the worst ending ever ! It still pisses me off that I spent the time reading it . There is n't really much of a story , just a lot of details and weird issues . There are too many tangents and the protagonist is the only character with ANY sort of common sense . ASIDE
 I was recommended this book by a family member . I 'm going to be honest , this book is really bad . The main character is a Mary Sue type character -LRB- she can do everything perfectly , tame horses , etc -RRB- and it 's like a Harliquin romance novel - because there 's so much sex in it . This book was a complete waste of time .
 i find it incredible that so many people speak so glowingly of this book . on the basis of its literary merit it deserves a prominent spot in supermarket checkout lanes . that this is in any way respected as a novel or thought of as remotely historical -LRB- pre-historical , is suppose -RRB- speaks sad volumes about our society.i guess my one star may be a bit harsh . it 's concievable that one could glean some amusement or light entertainment from this . but i feel a civic duty to in bring down the five star average it 's garnered so far .
 I could n't believe my eyes when I saw this large `` book '' on the kitchen table the other day . Wow ! First off , Bessie rarely reads anything except diet books . Secondly , a book about Beer !!! Well , as is often the case with my angry fifth spouse , I was once again overloaded with misplaced optimism . This is not a book about some Cave Beer Clan . Instead , `` The Clan of the Cave BeAr '' is an overwrought , overwritten , overblown feminist ode to some silly notion about evolution filled with research and adjectives.I 'll be honest , once I realized it was n't about beer , I did n't so much read as skim . Really skim . I enjoyed the fact that the heroine was blonde with blue eyes , but I did n't like how much the author seemed to be in love with her . I also grew rapidly annoyed by this author 's overuse of adjectives . It did make skimming a lot easier , but I was still annoyed . Additionally , while I can relate to the brutish sex-starved male as Cro-magnon stereotype , I did n't particularly find it made for good reading . I 'm still not sure why my brooding spouse is reading it unless it 's to reinforce her already firm opinion of me as an apeman . Or maybe there 's a diet somewhere buried within the books 9,142 pages . Not for me . HHD .
 An earthquake opens a crack in the earth , the parents fall in , and it slams shut !?!?!? That 's the best Auel could do ? Has that EVER happened in history to ANYONE?I read that and threw the book in the trash . And it was n't even my copy !
 it amazes me that after so many years and so much exposure that this book is still in print . the only story i have ever read that is worse than these is Moby Dick . the only thing worse than those 2 books are the movie adaptations . i 'd rather pull out my own fingernails with red hot pliers than to read the cave bear again . a insanely long and over written pile of trite tripe . ' a festering bag of fish entrails ' is too kind a review for this load of sewage . if anyone tries to make you read this book , slit your wrists and fling yourselve from a cliff first - it will be less painfull .
 This book was so completely tedious for me . It felt like half the time I was reading a not-very-interesting Wikipedia description of the first humans and their way of life , and the rest of the time I was left with poor writing and even worse dialogue . I ca n't believe this book was so popular ... . Was there nothing to read in the '80s ? I had expected something amazing , as I had heard so much about this book , but was sorely disappointed . Not recommended .
 Intellectually and artistically roughly on a par with the Flintstones . Despite the numerous five star reviews it has received here this risible prehistoric bonkbuster is utter dross , a hopelessly ` eighties modernist ' take on the past diplaying minimal knowledge of human nature and the way new ideas and societies really evolve.Of course good fairy tales can be entertaining for children and adults alike and are an esential part of our cultural heritage . Not this one though
 I found Sandra Burr choppy and irritating to listen to . Her voice was not what I expected . There is another version of this book narrated by another woman whose voice is smooth , and can put you to bed . Yet she tells the tale with enough excitement and with different tones for each character that you are compelled to listen ALL DAY!The plot is wonderful , though if you want to listen instead of read , I do n't reccomend the Sandra Burr narration . I reccomend the one read by Rowena Cooper . AMAZING !
 Auel deserves credit for all the research she has done , and for the concept of this story , set before recorded history . The reason I picked up the book was because I thought it would be fascinating to read about people from that time period . Unfortunately , Auel is a much better researcher than she is a fiction writer . She spends just about every single page in this long book TELLING the reader what people did and thought , rather than showing . This becomes T.E.D.I.O.U.S. I picked up the book to read it , but I never did . Instead , I skimmed it because the writing was so flat.In reading comments by others who have read this book , I conclude that there are two distinct types of people who read fiction . One type does not mind being told , as in the old storytelling tradition , where listeners sat around and were told what characters did . There were no scenes , just narration . The other type wants from fiction the kind of showing , the kind of richly developed characters , the kind of tension and drama created by novelists such as Charles Dickens or Mark Twain . Sometimes it seems to me that never the twain -LRB- pun intended ! -RRB- shall meet .
 This book was interesting with great promise . The premise was fascinating but the writer fought with herself throughout . She spent a great deal of time on the flora and the fauna . There was always a paragraph on a bush when a sentence would do , a sentence on a tree when a word would suffice . The characters were well developed . Over all it was a good read .
 Do you feel different from people around you ? Do they resent your ingenuity ? Have you been kept from achieving your full potential by tradition-bound brutes who live only for base needs ? Do you long for the company of others like yourself , who , tragically but inevitably , are biologically destined to wipe these shorter , darker subhumans from the face of the earth ? Congratulations ! You are either in the aryan nations or the Clan of the Cave Bear fan club , possibly both ! -LRB- I exaggerate - you could be a nineteenth century English settler in Australia , or a Boer in South Africa , or maybe you just like Larry Niven , but that 's beside the point -RRB- I can forgive Auel for the historical inaccuracies in the book . In the late 1970 's when she did her research , we did n't have the genomic tools to reconstruct the lives of Neanderthals , and even now enough controversy persists to keep the discussion page lively over at Wikipedia . Ultimately we 'll never know for sure what the paleolithic was like , and Auel 's is if nothing else a vivacious fictional suggestion.Similarly , her bloated , almost puffy writing style is excusable in a first-time author , though one wonders what parasite infected her editor . I have n't read her more recent works , but I imagine she has probably improved . Even with the pendulous sentences Clan is not unreadable.What infuriates me is the casually racist subtext of the story , nowhere critiqued or even acknowledged . The story reads like a near-literal historicization of Helena Blavatsky 's Secret Doctrine on the fall of the `` aryans '' - who interbred with `` subhumans '' introducing the world to , oh I dunno , domination by the unworthy , blind tradition , suppression of the individual , all the hallmarks of the book 's neanderthal culture . Of course , even in this the blond-haired blue-eyed Ayla is innocent , overpowered by a brutish thug.Against this master narrative , all the admittedly interesting side notes about plant-based medicine and flintknapping make no impression . I would recommend anyone interested in paleontology take a trip to a museum or cruise the internet , and give Auel 's books a wide berth.Also ? Enough rape scenes already !
 I am not usually so critical , and I must admit I read several of the books years ago , but I finally put them down without reading the rest because there was just too many descriptions of sex in them . The detailed and varied descriptions were simply unneccesary for a book that is touted as a `` must read '' for women as young as 10 !
 If there were bodices to rip in the stone age they would be ripping furiously in this book and in its successors.Most ridiculous thing about this series is how Ayla makes every earth-shattering discovery of this time , e.g. , discovering the wheel , horseback riding , flint knives , etc. , etc. .
 One of the worst novels I have ever read . Well researched - maybe , poorly written - definately . The plot simply goes nowhere , and the characters are so unrealistic and banal that it is impossible to feel sympathetic toward them . Why the author felt she had to abandon any attempt at subtlety , and write as if the readers were as ignorant as her characters seem to be is beyond me .
 My Mom and sister both recommended this book , but I could n't make it through more than half . Really not very interesting . For whatever reason , women seem to find this book interesting . I have other male friends that have had the same experience . For me , nothing that grabbed my attention happened and the writing was n't enough to make up for it .
 The plot of Clan or the Cave Bear is ok , but I found myself skipping alot as the narrator goes on and on and on . For example , every time the protagonist goes herb gathering with her mentor , 2-3 pages are dedicated to describing the herbs and techniques . A short description would 've added some depth to the story , but I really was n't reading the book to get a lecture on neanderthal medicine.The characters are the saving grace of this story , adding entertainment and almost overcoming the sorry narrative . Almost , overall this book is very boring.One gets the feeling that Auel is trying to make a statement about feminism or male-female relationships , but whatever point the author is trying to make is not clear.I think my money would 've been better spent on something else .
 Let me begin by saying that I 'm not even finished reading this thing , but have so far forced myself through 65 % of it and am on the verge of sticking a hot poker into my eyes . This is a painful book to read . There are so many adjectives that I think the writer has used every single one available in the English language ... multiple times . I find my inner dialog constantly repeating the phrase `` okay , all right , I get it , move on . '' Just for fun , I picked a random paragraph and in those four sentences , counted over 20 adjectives ! -- I 'm the sort of reader who likes to finish books , no matter how bad , but this one has tested my limits and I am , for the first time since childhood , seriously considering not finishing ... and in this case , deleting it from my Kindle library . -LRB- I am now kicking myself for reminding myself that I paid full price for this POS . -RRB- There is nothing that can be said in the last 35 % that will change my opinion . I do n't generally write reviews , but I do read them and the high number of glowing reviews , along with recommendations from two co-workers , prompted my purchase . The truth needs to be heard . Clan of the Cave Bear is a terrible read ! This book comes nowhere near to earning such high praise and for that reason alone , I submit my rating of 1 ... only because I ca n't give it a zero . -- Now , where 's that hot poker ?
 I bought this book on a recommendation from a friend . I was looking for a new series after finishing the Outlander series.The story was engaging , and I enjoyed the historical perspective of living during this era . That being said , the authors repeated use of lists was so annoying that I wanted to throw the book down on multiple occasions . At one point after reading the 35 different varieties of trees found in a particular forest , I was able to predict correctly that the next several paragraphs would be dedicated to the 50 species found in said forest . The intent must have been to paint a picture of the landscape , but it failed miserably . It felt to me as if the author were a student trying to use filler to get the assignment to the correct number of words required . I struggled through the book , and am now reading The Valley of Horses , which is much better , but still has some of the incessant ramblings . I would not recommend The Clan of the Cavebear to anyone . If you are interested in the series , start with The Valley of the Horses and save some of your sanity .
 I would n't have stuck with this improbably -LRB- even for fantasy -RRB- tale much beyond the parts where Ayla
 The premise of this story is interesting and the story is good ; it 's too bad it 's so poorly executed . The prose is blocky and reads like a pre-history textbook with characters and plot slapped on as an afterthought . In general there is just too much time spent on detail , like the author needed to make several length-reducing rewrites . For example she spends quite a bit of time describing how the women in the Clan are treated as property , which is so cliched it does n't need more than a passing mention . She spends a lot of time talking about side characters who are too under-developed as characters to tell apart . The detail about the pre-historical fauna and lifestyle are told in long paragraphs that bring the story to a screeching halt , rather than being woven into the narrative in a way that 's still entertaining . However with a lot of skimming the book did keep me reading until the end .
 i dont like to read books but i will read a book that gets my attention and when i started reading this book i hated it this book was very boring and uninteresting and just dull nothing interesting happened . the main girls sister had diabetes then shes hospitalized because she doesnt want to do what she has to then they get a new house guest who tells the girl about the pirate queen and the dad isnt around much in the book but thats not really anything interesting because the way it was written it just didnt get my attention at all.written by courtnee E.
 it was very boring . Patricia can do better than this
 The Enneagram is still popular even after decades of debunking its basis . Fr . Mitch Pacwa learned about the Enneagram when he was in seminary in the 1970 's . He says he was involved in every kind of New Age thinking , but later realized what a waste of time all this was . The Enneagram has occult roots , if one cares to dig into its origins . There are so many great Christian Catholic resources for deepening our relationship with God who is `` crazy about us , '' we do n't need to waste time on occult and inauthentic sources . Spend your money wisely , Start with Fr . Thomas Dubay , Holy Father Benedict XVI , St. Teresa of Avila , St. Therese of Lisieux , Fr . Benedict Groeschel . You will never be led astray . All of these authors along with dozens of others who are authentic teachers of the Catholic Faith and prayer are available on Amazon-check them out .
 I start by highlighting its flaws . The most important thing to know about the book is that its subtitle is misleading ; a more accurate subtitle would be , `` A perspective influenced by Christianity but contaminated by other influences which are erroneous . '' While the book can be ultimately useful for Christians , to be blunt , it is also full of heresy - and all heresy is destructive.In many respects , the book is actually un-Christian , and smugly un-Christian at points . Perhaps in the name of ecumenism , it plays down the fundamental distinctions between Christianity and other religions , especially early in the book . In some chapters , one gets the impression that mysticism alone is key , regardless of the truth upon which one is meditating . In fact , the authors support the notion of attempting to meditate on nothing and become empty , which unfortunately is
 I began reading this book with a certain eagerness , because not only had I attended a couple of Catholic retreats on the Enneagram , but my daughter was learning about it in her religion class at a Catholic High School . I love the concept of differing temperaments , and think that it is helpful in accepting others when we understand them better . Myer 's - Briggs , the Enneagram , and Carl Jung all emphasize that our differences can enrich us rather than diminish us . And in all these approaches , the point seems to be that although we are all different , no one type is ` better ' or ` worse ' than any other type . So I was disappointed when I read the chapter on Twos . Richard Rohr had literally NOTHING positive to say about this type . He denied that Mother Teresa was a Two , although that is the designation other sources have given her . He even went so far as to claim that Twos are likely to suffer from ` Borderline Personality Disorder ' ! This is astonishing to me , and as a typical Two , my feelings were hurt . I am surprised that his editor , or someone did not object to this chapter of the book . It is clear that Fr . Rohr has had an unfortunate experience with at least one person close to him who was a Two , but I would think he would be able to discern that all Twos are not that bad , and that given the design of the Enneagram , it is unlikely that one type would be considered in the light of being so much more undesirable than any of the other types . I have liked other things by Richard Rohr , and this was a very off-putting book for me because it was so negative and judgmental . But I am a Two , and overly sensitive , so if you are a different type , you might really like it . He did n't seem to favor Sevens very much , either . So Sevens might also beware .
 Like others , I 've followed the exploits of Dan Lenson , also I share the feeling that character development around him is poor . Although we read to escape into another 's fantasy , in this novel the inner workings on this outing are slim . Cdr . Lenson barely explores his inner self , although we 're given hints that he may freeze with a panic reaction at the wrong time - then that line gets dropped . The ending is almost like `` I 've written my contract length , cut it off somehow . '' To save the ending , at the very least I think Cobie should get the Navy Cross . I come from a long Navy family tradition , even though I became a career Marine ; I know how Cobie could do it .
 I bought this book hoping that is would be `` easy '' as the title suggested . However , it was like reading any other math book , which in my opinion , are totally useless . There was a lot of formulas and theory , which you do not need . I just want to know the mechanics of solving the problems . Theory takes up about half of the book , and only a few pages are used for describing examples . Also , he uses complex notation which makes the book even more confusing . I actually threw this book in the trash because of its uselessness . Can I have my ten bucks back ?
 A reformed cousin of mine lent me this book over a decade ago to help me as I was wrestling with the issues of God 's love and reformed theology . If you are not reformed and your mind has been shaped by a love of God that encompasses all mankind -LRB- i.e. something akin to Arminianism -RRB- , you will not only remain unconvinced , but wonder what the point of such a book was . In my case , it only confirmed that reformed theology still has n't come up with a satisfying way of explaining unconditional predestination in a way that makes his offer of salvation to all people a genuine offer or in a way that comports with God 's love . The view of love put forth by McArthur , while mainstream reformed , is one of the most repulsive doctrines I have ever come across . If the average person is born into sin by the will of God and can not get out of it , then it is hard to believe that in any sense God can be said to love that person if he does nothing to help him.In my own view , the only non-reformed person who will be convinced that such a view of God 's love is true is if they become convinced that this interpretation is actually in the Bible . The book may be one way to make sense of the Biblical material , but does not satisfy the philosophical questions . McArthur does nothing to make the reformed understanding of God 's love more palatable . I would love to see reformed theologians put forth a defense of the love of God that also made his goodness evident to non-reformed believers .
 For a french textbook this one leaves much to be desired . Some practice questions and context on the pieces of work found within .
 Small booklet which deals with the essentials of flower drying . Couple of small diagrams but no glossy pictures . Gives all the essentials in a practical manner , but a few more diagrams and details would have been helpful . Not bad for a basic beginner but I think a more extensive book would make them feel more comfortable .
 This is one of the great English Novels . Unfortunately , this is a sub-quality printing by an anonymous publisher that somehow got through Amazon 's quality control process . There are numerous typos on every single page , mostly bad paragraphing and the like , making it actually unreadable . Do n't buy the version with the steeple on the cover and the big Helvetica typeface .
 Britain 's answer to Henry James here provides us with the tale of Lucy Honeychurch and her forbidden love for George Emerson , the unsuitable young man she meets in Italy . While social mores dictate that she make a match with the more proper gentleman , Cecil Vyse , who is courting her , Lucy is torn between passion and propriety . Ultimately , she chooses Emerson who reminds her of `` a room with a view '' offering her a new vista on life.This is a comedy of manners , as we can see from the subtlety of characters names
 It is okay . The storyline is kind of confusing , and definely not the best romance or any story that I had ever read .
 maybe i could have enjoyed this book if i could have understood . i 'm a high school freshmen in honor 's english and i was forced to pick out a classic novel to do a critique on . unfortunatly , i read peoples reviews on this book and it sounded good . do n't get caught up in the web of boring-ness . maybe if you 're an english scholar you 're understand this book , but being just a normal teenager , i sure did n't . i found myself falling asleep many times while reading this book , so i was forced to prop my eyelids open with toothpicks and snack on a variety of candies just to stay consious . take my advice and do yourself a favor , READ SOMETHING ELSE .
 A Room with a View is the classic love story . The woman falls in love with one man then gets torn apart from him . Months later she meets a new guy and sadly accepts his proposal to marry him even though she has feelings for the other man but knows she will never see him again . Then to throw in the climax he comes back they fall in love again , she breaks off the engagement with the other man and they go off and live happily ever after . I think this story is a little too corny for me . You can tell what is going to happen in the novel before it ever does . There are n't very many surprises in the novel and I think that is where I lost interest in the book . It is full of love , adventure and drama . Overall it has a good plot line and if you love traveling and Italy you will love this novel .
 The first time I tried to read this and failed I assumed that maybe I was distracted and would try again later . The second time I convinced myself that I had too many books on the go at the one time . The third time I told myself that I was too busy to give it the time it deserved . Frankly , I have now learnt that if you need to try for the fourth time to read something and have to force yourself to keep turning the page it is a bad sign.This is frankly the only book that I have purchased that I not only do n't want anymore - but I do n't want to inflict it on anyone else by giving it to charity . The story was woeful . The characters are impossible to like or in any way relate to . This is my quiet warning . If you are simply looking for a good read you are wasting your time here .
 this reads just like the movie . you really do n't get anything more by reading it . boring !
 This is another one of those so called `` classics '' that continue to be overrated based on the fact that they are `` classics . '' Not to be confused with more deserving titles that make one wonder how a body of work can sound so fresh and accomplished after 50 , 100 , 200 + years , this particular work should be put on the bookshelf along with Count of Monte Cristo , Tarzan , The Lost World , etc. that are written by famous and gifted writers but in their off days , or off years for that matter.This book is difficult to get into and that is the beginning and the end of it . This is literature not a scientific endevour.If the manuscript were submitted for publication today , it would either not see the light of day or first get edited into shape and out of recognition . Story is good . Storytelling needed much better effort .
 I was forced to read this book for an English assignment in ninth grade . It took me forever to read because it did n't show any point to me . The characters were very confusing and ahrd to keep up with . I never really got into the book because it was so boring . I basically read the words on the page and did n't take anything in because I could n't . Please do n't waste your time on this book . Read something from Michael Crichton instead .
 A very chatty book with little description and almost all dialog . I found it difficult to maintain momentum through the rivers of Victorian mores on exhibit in this book . In sum , I found it dull and not enjoyable .
 Do not buy this version . It is not formatted correctly for the Kindle . It has fixed line lengths which wrap awkwardly on the Kindle , making it very difficult to read .
 E.M.Forster is a semi-classical English writer , who produced numerous novels set in the early 20th century . Later , film director James Ivory -LRB- an American , strange as it may seem -RRB- made a career for himself by turning these books into movies . `` A Room with a View '' is what you could have called `` Proletarian literature '' in Soviet literary canon ; only working-class setting is replaced by the British `` proper '' society , still unscathed by the Great War . I have a thing for this epoch , but Forster 's book does not reflect its charm in the least . All because of its social message . No gripping plot , no character development , no psychological motivations . The only really enthralling thing is to observe to what degree did the English train their language to conceal feelings . It is what makes the books like Forster 's or Ishiguro 's `` Remains of the Day '' almost untranslatable . In Forster 's case , though , no harm done .
 I hate to be the one to write a bad review about this book , however I feel there is a lot of hype surrounding this classic that is not deserved . The plot is fairly simple , and very similar to that of Romeo and Juliet . The girl loves a rogue , but her parents want her to marry the spectacular man they like . Etc. . Some scenes in this Edwardian book I agree or slightly amusing , but it is not worth the read .
 A Room With a View is hardly what you could consider fine , classic literature . The plot runs off of a much more dramatic and insightful classic , Flaubert 's Madame Bovary . The stories are the same
 If you like Dirty Harry , Terminator or Rocky , do n't read this book !!! This book will lull you to sleep . On the plus side , it is written extremely well , but that does not make it easy to read . Skip this one and go on to The Great Gatsby .
 I bought this book not realising it was a Project Gutenburg free book . Dont waste your money ? And seriously , $ 20 + for an ebook is outrageous anyway ! But like an idiot I didnt do my research . Dont make the same mistake I did !
 The book itself gets 5 stars from me.This Kindle edition is atrocious - it is missing entire passages . I think it is only sections involving quotes from another work ; I stopped reading because I did n't want to spoil the pleasure in re-reading this wonderful book.Same problem with the Kindle edition of Howards ' End , btw . In that case , actual narrative seemed to be missing .
 Sleigh 's poems are an odd brew of arid bookishness and meeching self-pity . All of these poems ' effects , and I mean all of them , come across as studied and second-hand . Sleigh is weary of the world in a variety of distinctly superior and fashionable ways . Allusions to the classics abound , as they often do when a poet tries to prop up slight material with `` learning . '' Dust collects in the corners of these poems . This book is a perfect example of poetry willed into existence by a writer devoid of talent .
 A more than 8 pounds book will not make you an expert in energy efficiency.It is especially true from an Chinese perspective.It is more or less for facility operators , and everyone knows without top management commitment , nothing will happen , regardless of how many measures you know and are applicable for your facility.You can find all of them in DOE BestPractices , and you wo n't have to carry this huge manual.Buy Handbook of Energy Engineering , or Plant Engineer 's and Manager 's Guide to Energy Conservation , they are better .
 Not yet arrived ! Is this normal ? Bought over one month ago . Is this normal ? Was promised I should have had it by now .
 So Mishima finds out through exercise that he 's been wasting his time with the writing . He writes all about that . Attention liberal
 These books are not bad , as they do have their definite style
 Hype is absolutely right ; If you want to really learn physics you have to be solving problems and as Gregory mentioned there are NO exercises . Of course if we were stranded on a deserted island we would be satisified with constructing our own problems I guess . Anyway , if you do n't need Feynman 's LONG ! explanations and want to do some thinking for yourself get Spiegel 's Schaum 's outline or a Paul Davies book for enlightenment .
 In his Preface , Feynman admits that these lectures were aimed at `` the most intelligent students '' coming out of high school into Caltech . He also admits that many students had trouble with the content judging from their performance on the examinations and said that his system of lectures is `` a failure '' . I agree with Feynman . These lectures are very hard to understand . Partly the lectures , prepared in early 1960s , suffer from being rather dated . Mostly though this material is presented in a confusing way , with lots of complicated mathematics that often hinders comprehension . I recommend getting a basic college textbook instead -LRB- Physics for Scientists and Engineers by Wolfson and Pasachoff is a good choice -RRB- .
 Nobody questions that Feynman was one of the great physicists of the 20th century . This review is not about Feynman the physicist , but Feynman the author of 3 textbooks , which purportedly try to explain beginning college physics . He has failed for students that start with very little knowledge of physics .
 I was excited to read this book , because I was hoping that it would be a critical look at modern society . This book is critical , and it does dissect some modern societal issues , but unfortunately the bad points of the book rule over the good points . I found the author rather labourious , and I really struggled to see the connections between some of the points that he raised . For example , I found the entire chapter on Bill Joel being great , and not cool , extremely painful to read . I must agree with a previous reviewer in that this book reads as though the author had sat down in front of his computer and typed it out to himself , got carried away , did n't have it proofread -LRB- a `` pigeon '' language ?? It 's pidgin ... -RRB- , and has never had his opinions debated.Also , I stay in South Africa and a lot of the stuff I could n't relate to , because of the cultural references . I 've never watched MTV 's Real World , and I 'm just younger than the Billy Joel generation , so I do n't quite grasp the weight of these issues . But also , I think the book would be better if he approached topics in a broader manner . For example , blaming John Cusack and the films he 's been in for society 's romantic expections , is a bit narrow minded and silly . Should n't this be an attack on the entertainment industry , rather than poor John Cusack who is also trying make a buck ? All in all , I hated this book . I would never recommend it to anyone . It 's reminiscent of a tongue-in-cheek , pseudophilosophical/pseudological blogger 's ravings that have never been opposed . It 's extremely difficult to read , because it 's tough to make the connections and remain on the same thought path as the author . The author 's extremely arrogant attitude takes a long time to get over . I think you 'll find better books out there .
 this is exactly the kind of book so-called hipsters cling to , namedrop , and reference when discussing ` popculturally-relevant-events-common-people-don ` t-understand-but-i-do-because-i 'm - cool-and-hip-and-use-words-like-uber . ' in the age of ` best week ever , ' a bazillion blogs devoted to ` pop cultural , ' and beating the term ` gen-x ` er ' to death , a book ` analyzing ' said phenomenon is wholly unnecessary.to his credit , klosterman does have a nice comedic eye when it comes to observing pop culture phenomenons . what initially drove me to read this book was his opening ` essay ' in which he reference coldplay as a facsimile of travis who was a facsimile of some other band i do n't remember . that made me laugh . i was hoping for more of the same.instead we get pretty vapid ` analyses ' of ` saved by the bell , ' pornography , and well , i really do n't remember what else -LRB- that 's how impactful this book was on me -RRB- . the subject matter is certainly ripe for analysis , but klosterman just tries way too hard to extrapolate meaning and signficance out of most of his material . sorry , chuck , but ` saved by the bell ' was just a geeky tv show for kids . do n't read too much into it . it reminds of so-called ` academics ' who overanalyze every single word of a short story or novel and forget the fact that literature should sometimes just be enjoyed for the sake of it.most of the time klosterman , unfortunately , comes off sounding like a poor man 's douglas coupland , who wrote the two definitive ` gen-x ' novels , ` generation-x , ' and ` microserfs . ' i say unfortunate because klosterman does often exhibit a keen eye . however , one page of either of couplands shames any of klosterman 's ` essays . ' also , i do n't know who served as his editor , but most of the essay , while occassionally interesting , where shambolic , rambling , poorly organized , and frustratingly unrealized . klosterman would be well-served to get himself an editor capable of keeping him on track and focused . too often klosterman tries to display his supposed cleverness -LRB- just like david eggars -RRB- , but more often than not -LRB- just like david eggars -RRB- , it 's just empty calories.i do n't mean to sound overly cynical and critical , but in the end this book a sometimes pleasant diversion , but little else . just like it 's titular reference point , ` sex , crugs , and cocoapuffs , ' is ultimately a sugar-coated cereal with little substance or nutritional value .
 I thought this book was a little bit comedic in some areas while completely over analytical in others . I do n't want to read six pages of analyzing Saved by the Bell . It 's a kid show , it 's not meant to be taken seriously . Sometimes , things should just be looked at in the big picture , enjoyed for what it was.Some parts were funny , interesting , but I found myself sort of drifting away ... It became too rhetoric , too much like a lecture in which someone is telling you what 's `` uberly '' important and what sucks . It became really bland , really fast .
 This book is terrible . Klosterman starts out with a few pages eluding to the fact that he is so superficially witty that he has been able to fool several attractive women into sleeping with him despite the fact that he apparently is n't attractive . Congrats , buddy . I suppose his goal here was to assure the reader that he is absolutely shallow enough to cash in on this book despite its weak material . I guess , at the very least , that 's a trait I can identify with.Anyway , each chapter in this book contains a fairly self contained essay that is meant to examine a particular aspect of American culture as compared to , affected by , and/or resulting from a particular piece of pop culture . Unfortunately , Klosterman 's understanding of most topics -LRB- both the deeper social topics he tries to explore and the actual pop culture references -RRB- is as superficial as his wit.Basically , you could break the entire content of this book down into one sentence ; stupid people emulate what they see on TV because they are often also shallow and because their lives suck . Add in about two hundred pages of topical references you wo n't understand unless you 're between the ages of 30 - 35 and sentences along the lines of ` I 'm not cool but here is what a cool , ironic person would say about this topic , which just happens to be the same opinion I hold , or maybe I do n't ' and you 'll be readily prepared for the content of this book .
 I read this book by accident . A friend of mine left it in my car over the weekend and I decided to take it with me and read on my bus ride to work . Long story short - this book is bad and so is the author.Where do I even start ? Chuck starts off with putting the blame for his unsuccessful relationship on Coldplay 's live performance in Portland , which `` his '' girl chooses to attend rather then spending a weekend with him in New York . -LRB- hint
 If you have strong feelings as though there is nothing worth reading out there , this book will prove it . Mr. Klosterman 's garbage can make a reader wish he were as illiterate as the author , that way he would n't have to go through the trouble of trying to erase this `` manifesto '' from his mind . Attempts at intelligence are feeble . The ramblings seem as though they were written by the least intelligent person you know who has gotten drunk and attempted to be philosophical . Attempts at humor fall far short . One can almost imagine Klosterman giggling to himself at his `` humor '' while he is typing . Unfortunately , with the possible exception of a few sycophantic friends , he is the only one . While the joke is obviously on me because I actually paid for this `` book '' - which makes me almost feel as though I 've been violated , the `` manifesto '' is a little more Gummo Marx than Karl . Do yourself a favor . Spend the money on something you 'll get a little use and enjoyment out of .
 What a load . This book of essays is simply a series of complaints about things that the author has spent way too much time thinking about . If you want to read a book about the whiny complaints of someone that watches television too much , and thinks he 's better than you for it , this book is for you . Otherwise , you 're better off hanging out at the local pub with a pint -LRB- or other choice beverage -RRB- arguing/complaining about how Puck tried to change the face of reality TV .
 I 'll keep this short since I 've already wasted enough time reading this garbage . Chuck Klosterman presents his limited view on a number of uninteresting topics . He presents his humorless observations as if they have some bearing in absolute truth , when they are just solely his poorly thought out perceptions . The only reason one would purchase a book such as this is to get a laugh . However , there is n't a single funny line in this entire book .
 Chuck Klosterman , unlike most people * celebrates * his lack of insight . There is nothing ironic about the subtitle , `` A Low Culture Manifesto '' . What he tries to do / does : * He tries to examine pop-culture phenomena -LRB- any piece of trash that trickled its way to him -RRB- in a ` postmodern ' light or in a ` philosophy for shallow people ' way - except if submitted for a college assignment , he would fail -LRB- because of plagiarism -RRB- . There are no new ideas
 * rolls eyes * could not even finish this book . One of the worst books I have ever picked up .
 There were only three essays I found interesting in this waste of paper -LRB- or e-ink , I should say -RRB- . Other than the saved by the bell , marilyn monroe/pam anderson , and cover band essays , I found this book unreadable.I got so bored reading it I started skipping chapters , hoping to find something that I could stand to read , until I found myself at the end.How so many people rated this book 4 and 5 stars I 'll never understand.Don ' t waste your money and time .
 Oh , how I wanted to love this book . I love books about nothing , especially when people write about nothing very well . Nothing can be really amusing , and nothing is the perfect prelude to sleep . This book , however , almost induced a coma with all of its pretentious stupidity and references to Pamela Anderson and various serial killers . While the effort to be Deep and Outrageously Funny shown through like a 5000 watt lightbulb , the actual result amounted to one of the most mind-numbing and tedious expositions on Nothing that I have read in a long time . -LRB- Read at your own risk . -RRB-
 While this book offers much insight into human nature , it offers very little pop culture analysis . The stories Klosterman uses are laced with his nostalgia and contain very little relateable knowledge ; it is much like a personal diary . Finally , Klosterman uses many of the techniques he comments on in the book and thusly tries to avoid , making the book very hypocritical . Nevertheless , he employs some very interesting views points , which ultimately led me to read the book with a highlighter to remember them .
 Were you aware that some people are so insecure and/or vacant that they adopt one-dimensional personalities and behavioral paradigms from popular works of fiction ? Did you know that some relationships do n't work out because the participants have an unrealistic notion of love due to watching too many movies ? If so , you probably do n't need to read this book . Even if you did n't know these things , you probably still should n't , because you might be naive enough to believe Klosterman 's implication that these are somehow distinctly late-twentieth-century , television-era phenomena . Did you know that your musical tastes do n't necessarily have to be governed by how `` cool '' the artist is , by how the genre and style would tend to affect your `` image ? '' I would hope so , at least if you 're over the age of 22 . I read the blurbs about this book and thought to myself , `` Maybe this is some undiscovered genius of a cultural critic who will really shed light on the modern experience . '' Nope . Klosterman talks about behaviors that people have been exhibiting for millenia and pretends he 's making new observations because he illustrates his points using semi-new pop culture products . This is hack work . If you 're the kind of person who would be interested in reading a book on culture , you can probably skip this because you 're probably already at least as observant as Klosterman . This truly is `` low-culture , '' but not in the way the author thinks .
 This book is a complete waste of time . I ca n't imagine how anyone could get an ounce of entertainment or enlightenment from this book.The one part that sticks out is the short essay on probabilities . The author says that there 's only one probability in life
 There are only 3 or 4 books I would not read to the end in my entire life . I did not enjoy it at all . He needs to get over himself .
 The cover and the title are the only things this book has going for it.I was not even able to finish this book.Couldn ' t get through the first three chapters.I was hoping for something interesting and funny - but it was mundane and boring - seemed like the author is jaded by what he sees in the world , and it definitely shows on the pages.There was nothing to the book but mindless pop culture references that went on and on and on - but no real STORY . It felt like I was reading a script to an E! Entertainment episode , but without the corny banter by the co-hosts . I love pop culture , but I also love a good plot and at least some semblance of a storyline.Not worth it .
 worst piece of hipster garbage i have ever read . it does n't even deserve the one star i was obligated to give it . i thought it would be more of a story but instead you get the opinions of some old man on crap no one cares about . thought this book would be much different since it was a suggestion based on other books i bought , but i wish i would have saved the 83 cents i paid for this and spent it at taco bell .
 If you are in your late forties or older you will probably not understand 80 % of the references made in the book . It is probably a great book for younger people who understand what the author is referring to . If you did n't watch ` Real World ' on HBO or if you do n't know who Billy Sim is you probably wo n't like this book . On the other hand if you are a Generation X person it is probably very funny .
 It is kind of unfortunate when journalists take themselves too seriously . In Sex , Drugs and Cocoa Puffs , Chuck Klosterman basically tries to show everyone how many useless pieces of pop trivia he can cram into one sentence and make it sound relevant . While this can make for some interesting and funny comparisons , on the whole , the book was self-aggrandizing and really not worth the effort . Contrary to the subtitle , this is not a book about culture , but about how the author believes that because he thinks something is cool , it is culturally significant.He whines about the fact that all of the best artist and musicians in the country seem to come from middle-America , but his home turf gets none of the recognition . He attempts to claim that the only movies that will really `` matter '' are those that he liked . He takes on celebrity in the least meaningful ways imaginable . Yet still , the book is well written and at times hilarious . Why ? I do n't know.If you like reading funny writing with a faux-philosophical bent , this book is for you . If you actually care about anything , I 'd suggest passing on the Cocoa Puffs .
 This Book is boring not funny and defenitely no worth to read . Do n't waste your time
 As far as I can tell , there are only two explanations for this book . Either Klosterman was trying to write a satire of what a self-important , but not very intelligent a ** hole , would write in a series of essays or Klosterman is a self-important , but not very intelligent a ** hole . I 'm going w / the later.Just a few examples : - In one of the essays Klosterman argues that soccer will never make it big in America . On this point we agree . His argument based on his failure as a little league baseball coach . Apparently , Klosterman tried to be one of those hyper-intense coaches who tried to work out his own personal daddy issues by trying to turn a team of 9 year olds into a finely tuned baseball machine . Because this did n't work out , and Klosterman might have a problem with women , soccer will never make it big in America . Um , okay . - Klosterman 's discussion of math and probability would embarass a stoned 16 year old with it 's facile reasoning . - Like other writers of his generation , of which I am part , Klosterman has somehow confused an obsession with , and Rainman like recall of , certain pop culture elements -LRB- cereal , Saved by the Bell , The Real World -RRB- with actual knowledge and understanding . Perhaps one day he will read a book or see a movie created before the 1960s .
 Klosterman is constantly making references to conversations he 's had at parties , which is appropriate since there seems to be a `` Klosterman '' at every hipster party I 've ever been to ... The guy who is funny for the first five minutes you meet him , interesting for the next ten , and then offensively pedantic and self absorbed for the next three hours before you realize you 're really either too old or too well adjusted to keep going to these damn hipster parties in the first place.I only finished this book out of a sense of duty to the 9 dollars and 99 cents I spent to download this adolescent diatribe to my Nook . Klosterman 's an intellectual lightweight with a Mohammad Ali sized personality , which is why the ideas in the book are forgettable , but the voice of the author sticks with you like gum on the bottom of your shoe . I felt like I was stuck in a room with Rush Limbaugh , if Rush Limbaugh was a tad funnier and a tad smarter but just as obnoxious , sexist , solipsistic , and frivolous.Do not buy this book . Go to the book store , skim the essay about The Sims -LRB- which , like so many of these essays , already feels dated but , unlike the rest , is actually though-provoking -RRB- , and move on with your life and your wallet .
 I decided to read this book after considering the many positive reviews along with the accolades of several independent book sellers . I should n't have . I 'm not going to say this book is bad , but its certainly not anywhere near being good either.This book is a self-described manifesto , which it is not . It is the inane ramblings of someone who does not suffer from lycantrophy . It is dysfunctional , poorly written , and is essentially about nothing at all . I liken it to a Seinfeld episode , in print form , but without the distraction that comes from actual humor or entertainment value . In hind site , I 'm starting to wish Klosterman did suffer from lycantrophy.If you do n't believe me , I will let a Chuck Klosterman quote from the book serve as a one line synopsis : `` Do you not see what I am no longer not saying to you ? If so-congratulations ! ''
 It was impossible to read these essays and not imagine that they were typed as spouted , realtime , by a smart , overcaffeinated english major sitting on a couch in a dormitory . You can almost see the -LRB- cheap , industrial -RRB- carpeting and hear the ` k-cchunk ' of the vending machine in the background.This can be fun , but what we all learned in college is that it 's important not to take couch-speaker-guy 's opinions as seriously as he takes them . That 's the case here , too . Klosterman guesses at things when ninety seconds of googling would have given him the facts ; he makes assertions and then , rather than backing them up , goes on to further assertions , possibly in hopes that you 'll be too busy trying to keep up to start poking holes in his argument ; and every now and then , despite his open contempt for people who use words without understanding their meanings , he does this himself -LRB- e.g. describing this collection as a ` manifesto ' -RRB- .
 I heard rave reviews about this book from a large number of people and my roommate had it sitting on his desk so I picked it up and read it . Upon finishing I put it down and thought , `` wow , that was the most abysmal piece of literature I have ever read . '' Klosterman is like a 40 year old kid who , quite obviously has no semblence of a life , because not only has seen every episode of every `` Real World '' ever not once , but 3 times , and then decided it was worth his time to write an essay on how it has skewed the views of our society . WHAT ??!?!!?!? In short Klosterman wastes 253 pages of good trees to tell us his revalatory findings after trying to get laid in the SIMS after sitting in his basement for over a weeks worth of hours playing it and other completely-irrelevent-to-life topics . And then he wonders why he ca n't get a girlfriend ... Go figure .
 not funny chuck ... i want my money back . oh ... and your cusak poll is assinine . i am sure jc would agree . i will make sure to read your stuff first before being suckered in on kindle . and sims ? shame on you .
 I will be so bold as to say that I have a great sense of humor . When I first saw this book I thought it would be fantastic to laugh at myself and at recent culture for some of the silly things that we enjoy . Not taking things too seriously can be a very good thing.But I could not come even close to finishing this book . Klosterman thinks he is cynically hilarious and it 's just tacky . He goes on and on and on ... . about something so that you forget what the main point is . It 's not funny at all . He tries way too hard . I tried to pick out things that I could relate to or would find interesting and nothing helped . I felt like he was the awkward kid in the corner who thinks he 's cool , trying to say something that will make everyone laugh but that really you feel sorry for , because he 's trying so hard , but you ca n't help but walk away.The book came up in conversation with a friend of mine , and I offered for him to read it to see what he thought . Needless to say , I was n't surprised when he basically threw the book back at me a few days later and said that he could barely get through it and did n't come close to finishing it .
 The book appears to be comprehensive , but it is written in a pedantic and boring way , very much like so many history books I had to read in school . That made it difficult to retain my interest . Do n't get me wrong ; I love to read , but I 'm not a scholar , researching to write about the plantation life , but just an ordinary person who found the title interesting , so was curious enough to buy it . For me it was a mistake . I wo n't send it back , because the effort would just add to my aggravation , but I would n't buy it again and do not recommend it for anyone who 's not doing research .
 This is my first review . But I just had to write it after using this dictionary . I am a beginning Japanese student . This dictionary is so incomplete it is amazing ! I have been using it a relatively short period of time . I 've looked up about 25 words . Here is a list of words I have found -LRB- so far -RRB- that are NOT in this dictionary
 For a dictionary so thick , this one certainly lacks a LOT of very basic words . After looking up just a few words , I quickly fell back to using my much slimmer Japanese-English/English-Japanese resource , because this one just does n't have the information . A lot of space is taken up by larger-than-normal font size and spacing . I 'm still looking for a good English-Japanese dictionary , but until then , almost anything is better than this .
 Being an O'Reilly fan it is hard for me to find fault with their no-nonsense approach to technical books , but there is one MAJOR issue I have with this book.As a developer for a major corporation I can not use custom libraries for my work , especially when the license -LRB- http://www.servlets.com/cos/license.html -RRB- does not allow for commercial use . Where it would be helpful to see details on creating say , a multipart request class , Bruce Perry instead uses the com.oreilly.servlet.MultipartRequest class to hide much of the functionality -LRB- this is just one example -RRB- . This makes little or no sense . Developers in the real world need real examples . Hiding the implementation of such under the non-commercial license pretty much ruins much of the potential application of an otherwise well written book . If you buy this book realise that only some of it will actually be useful in the real world .
 As some other reviewer pointed out -LRB- read his reveiw for details -RRB- , the examples are based on Oreilly 's Library , the realy nitty-gritty stuff is completely skipped . I think author is cuckoo , to beleive he expects most of his readers to pay for this joke of a book . I paid four dollars and fifty cents for it -LRB- second hand -RRB- ... . about right price .
 The language was changed from the original 1984 version . It has lost its poignancy and feeling . It was like reading something a computer wrote .
 I had intended to write a sarcastic condemnation of this so-called classic , but was forced to reconsider upon reading the review from Santa Barbara . Most defenders of the traditional texts tend to justify their favorites with the same old Neanderthal Mathematician argument
 I dislike the book for two main reason :1 -RRB- the author hides information in essay-style paragraphs which usually end in phrases like , `` thus , we have proved ... '' . If you are lucky , he will somewhere state the theorem .2 -RRB- because of 1 -RRB- it serves as a poor reference book , which is the main subsequent value of a text after you have taken the course with it.I do share some of the enthusiasm that Richard has for the book , but only for those parts of the book that I already understood from previous work . We actually took the class together at UC Santa Barbara . And from what I remember , Richard was one of the few students who had anything good to say about the book . I think a better graduate text is Hungerford 's or Grove 's -LRB- `` Algebra '' -RRB- .
 This is one of the worst undergraduate algebra texts I 've ever seen . Although everything Jacobson says in his book is true , his writing style makes the material seem more difficult than it really is . Many results in the book are not numbered or highlighted from the rest of the book , and this makes it virtually impossible to retrieve information when needed . In order to find the result you want you probably need to read the entire section to find it . This book is a counter example to the following conjecture
 This is not an easy book to learn from . The material is there but organized in a very poor way . Important results and theorems are often hidden in the middle of page long paragraphs . The index is so bad they might as well not have included it . The information is all there , but unless you read every word in the text from beginning to end , you just wo n't be able to get to it . I used Hungerford to get through my first graduate classes in algebra , which is too brief but definitely a step up from this . This is a poorly organized text written by a truly great mathematician .
 Basic Algebra is not well written . The material here is the same as covered in many other books , such as Hungerford , but Hungerford covers the material in a concise organized manner . Jacobson might be a little more accessible to beginning readers , but is more confusing as well . It hides definitions and important theorems in the middle of paragraphs . The index is horrendous . The examples are mixed in with everything else in a manner which makes it hard to pick anything apart in a chapter . Stick with another graduate Algebra text if you want to learn from the book , as it takes a good professor to make this book work . Jacobson is certainly a great Mathematician , but I do not recommend him as an author for this material .
 I have recently had the unpleasant experience of finishing a higher course in Algebra which used Jacobson 's book . To make a long story short , I never once found myself using this book to solve any problems listed in Jacobson , it is the most unorganized and unconnected book -LRB- in terms of it 's theorems and results and how they came about -RRB- that I have ever attempted to learn from . This book is certainly NOT self-contained , nor does Jacobson explicitely list or even sometimes give results which may help solve his exercises . The material is presented either more confusingly than it has to be , or in such a way that one wonders why it was presented in the first place . I do n't understand why any mathematician would recommend this book to use as a primary text in a course .
 What a disappointment this is . I 'd really been looking forward to reading the Jefferson Bible and I was quite stoked to find it at such a great price ! I guess one gets what one pays for however.There 's two problems with this download
 The book is small and was without an introduction about the selections picked by Jefferson . I would have appreciated more information about its selections , and why he included them .
 Somehow Amazon has bundled ALL 181 Jefferson Bible reviews together for this one edition when the reviews are actually about many different editions.Heads up
 Disappointed to hear from my friend -LRB- who received this as a gift -RRB- that it 's nothing more than a bible with certain parts excluded . Also chose gift wrapping and later found out it was poorly wrapped .
 `` In 1820 , at seventy-seven years of age , Thomas Jefferson removed the six testaments from his shelf , where they had been sitting for a decade and a half , and carved out a Gospel for himself , one whose witness he could respect and whose message he could understand . `` Yes , Jefferson literally cut and pasted the Bible , nixing the supernatural parts and leaving only Jesus ' teachings in a new arrangement.The history behind it and the book itself are interesting , but the content is misguided and harmful . Jesus ' life revolved not around his teachings but his identity.A prime example is the fact that Jefferson 's text ends with a dead Jesus laid in a tomb . If Jesus was wrong about being the Son of God -LRB- the core of his teachings -RRB- and never resurrected , how reliable could his doctrine really be?This edition includes : - Background on Jefferson 's text written by Forrest Church . - Few pages of Jefferson 's actual cut-and-paste copies -LSB- fascinating -RSB- - Jefferson 's entire carved text - Index of used New Testament extractsRead with caution .
 Thomas Jefferson was a man of the -LRB- self-described -RRB- Enlightenment . Not knowing anything about Christianity , he hated it . He disbelieved in all of its central tenets -- that Christ was Christ , not simply a `` moral teacher '' ; that He was born of a virgin ; that he rose on the third day according to the Scriptures ; that He ascended into the Heavens ; and that he will come again in glory , to judge the living and the dead , among others.Yet , Jefferson called Jesus Christ `` the greatest moral teacher . '' How could he avoid concluding that He was simply a liar or a lunatic , in light of His claims to be the `` Son of Man '' and `` the Way , the Truth , and the Light '' ? Simply , he argued that His Apostles had `` made it all up . '' The Scriptures , if Jefferson was right , were just one big lie.Pity Jefferson . Having no familiarity whatsoever with the writings of the Church Fathers -LRB- knowledge of the works of St. Ignatius of Antioch , St. John the Theologian 's student at the end of the first century and author of several surviving epistles mandating obedience to one 's bishop , might have spared Jefferson the writing of his tres embarrassing `` Notes on Episcopacy '' -RRB- , he dared to declare the Church a cabal for `` priestcraft 's '' sake.Silly idea , that hundreds of thousands of people would conspire to become monks in the deserts of Egypt -LRB- routinely 120 degrees in the shade -RRB- , Palestine , etc. . Crazy of Saul of Tarsus to give up a position of esteem among his own people for the life of a peripatetic outcast . The only explanation of these phenomena I can arrive at is that these people thought what they were doing was based on Truth.One can grant Jefferson a little wiggle room , in light of his assumption that Roman Catholicism was the oldest variant of Christianity still extant . Yet , others in his day -LRB- including other members of the Virginia elite -RRB- knew the history of the Church well enough to be familiar with Greek Orthodoxy . -LRB- Why did Jefferson insist on equating papal abuses with `` Christianity '' ? -RRB- They , unlike Jefferson , did not have a pathological -LRB- `` sinful '' ? -RRB- aversion to the idea that anyone knew more than they , that their minds were the limit of wisdom . They did n't live the life of Epicurus on a mountaintop like this red-headed prodigal , supported in luxury by their slaves . They had not all bought into Satan 's sin.Jefferson did n't know , as we have seen in the last 8 years , that there is a surviving manuscript in Greek from the first century of a large portion of the Gospel of Matthew JUST AS WE HAVE IT , in biblical Greek . So much for the grand conspiracy to make `` Jesus '' into God . I guess He was God . What does that mean to Thomas Jefferson , wherever he is now ?
 this is not a bible at all . it is a redacted ` gospel according to jefferson . ' it is totally devoid of any spiritual or moral value since the jesus portrayed is not divine . i do not recommend this work of fiction unless it is studied in comparison with the actual four cannonical , historically accurate gospels .
 I really looked forward to reading this given all the great reviews and the wonderful idea behind the writing of this book . However , I was confused by the inaccurate historical representation -LRB- or I guess Jefferson 's beliefs -RRB- about Jesus ' views towards Jews . Further parts of the New Testament with comments about the Jews made no sense in such a book about Jesus ' morals . Another review here speaks to this in more depth . It 's nice that it is cheap , but I wish I had n't purchased it . The other reviewer referred to Tolstoy 's version of the Gospels in brief ; I 'll check that out instead .
 Depending upon their theological positions , people will have different reactions to the selections Jefferson chose to include in his Bible . The words will be the same in any Jefferson Bible . However , I was very disappointed in the appearance of this version . The print was small , ugly , and strangely arranged on the page -LRB- for example , crowded up at the top of the page , with the rest of the page empty -RRB- . I have seen much more beautiful presentations of the Jefferson Bible .
 I had heard about this book for many years . I ordered it hoping to have a book that was strictly about the life of Jesus . The book ends with His death on the cross . If you believe as I do that Jesus was seen and heard by his followers for a number of days after his resurrection you too will be disappointed at the abrupt ending . Very sad .
 I had read that Thomas Jefferson had cut various verses from the New Testament , reassembling them to form this book . Although there is a lot of controversy , I found The Jefferson Bible
 I thought it would contain more commentary from TJ . All it contains is a list of random scriptures . No notes from Tom J.
 This convoluted and tepid WWII thriller takes place in 1942 after the D-Day landings at Normandy but before the Allied breakout . There are actually multiple plots , one is by a group of German army officers seeking to blow up Hitler and install Rommel as the president of a Germany that would then come to terms with the Allies and concentrate on fighting Stalin . The main plot however , concentrates on a British spy who comes up with a workable plan for assassinating Rommel as he partakes of his weekly hunting session . Although he never gets the go-ahead , he decides to pursue the plan while on the run . Two killers are dispatched from England to stop him , and they work with the French to track him down . There are far too many players , none of whom rises beyond cardboard characterization . The ending culminates in a series of silly predictable -LRB- especially if you know how Rommel really died -RRB- ironic reversals . This book was written under a pseudonym by Clive Egleton .
 I like Shute , and I am a frequent visitor to Queensland , but this novel and its characters seemed dated and unsatisfying . It was a 1952 `` thought experiment '' about a future for Queen Elizabeth and Australia that would bring us up to the present . There is a political agenda ; this is less a `` yarn '' than what Shute is known for .
 I have read several Hilliman books and this is by far the worst in my opinion . It does not develop his opinions , is so obvious that even a 101 psychology student could have written it . I am re-selling mine as it isnt worth space on the bookshelf .
 I got this book as a gift and it is clear from the quality of the writing that it was written by the author while she was sleep deprived . I feel the bad writing did little to keep my interest in the subject matter .
 Typical of books of this type , it refuses to look at the growing non-white racial privledge . At the university setting , every other ethnic groups enjoys classes which explicity support their cultural biases and whitewash their histories . This used to be true of Euroamericans not that long ago , but now `` whitewashing '' is the province of non-whites . Most great civilzations practiced `` supremicist '' behaviors for their dominant groups -LRB- read older collections of primary documents from east Asia , the Middle East and Egypt sometime -- and you will be shocked to see what is left out of the new `` multicultural '' history books . -RRB- Also , anyone non-white can freely use racial slurs and hate crimes are treated far less seriously when non-whites commit them.The inherent contradiction in such `` whiteness '' books is that they want to turn white people into just another ethnic group instead of a dominant one which considers itself the norm , yet they abhor any white seperatist or pride groups . If they -LRB- white people -RRB- are to be reduced to just another ethnic group they should have the same privledges .
 While the by-line is admirably short , the text actually comes off quite linguistically , given all the maladroit proclivities that might have prevented a lesser author from treading so smoothly on wings of bread and slurry . William , whose middle name - as we are to believe - is Dean , ends his saga with the name Howells . Some may enjoy this chicanery , but I , for one , was enormously displeased . For instance , why all that talk about trade agreements in the preface yet no listing for either `` trade '' or `` agreement '' in the index ? And , I must ask , why was there no index at all ? One is left to wonder what other key concepts and biographical references were left un-indexed . Is there any value in such a text ? The answer , quite simply , is also not available in the index . Why ? I became very angry by the end . All indexed . Why ? The answer , quite simply , is given five sentences before this one . -LRB- The reader is advised to refer to it . -LRB- ed . -RRB- -RRB-
 This edition reads like a photocopy of an early print edition . I am not old , but I had to strain and squint to get through it . No reflection of the book itself , but I nearly tossed it aside a dozen times it was so hard on the eyes .
 I chose this book from three options to do a term paper on in college . The only reason that I selected it was because it was not Huckleberry Finn , which I had read twice in high school . This novel is torturously slow and uninteresting . The characters are as rich as saltines . Save your psyche , read only if you have insomnia .
 I picked this up quickly as some light reading from a local library . It has an intriguing premise which is n't fully developed . I wish the author had spent more time describing who the aliens masquerading as Iconians really are . You have to be a hard core `` Star Trek '' fan to enjoy his descriptions of the characters . Alas , I did not find this nearly as memorable as the best books in the `` Star Trek '' series written by Peter David and Diane Carey .
 I realize that this book probably has historical significance for the field of psychotherapy . Parts One -LRB- Concentration Camp -RRB- and Two -LRB- Logotherapy -RRB- were originally published in Austria in 1946 . The author , apparently a distinguished psychiatrist , spent three years in Nazi concentration camps when he was in his late 30s . His education was circa 1920s-30s , at the University of Vienna -LRB- Freudian influences certainly abounded at that time . -RRB- From a 2003 -LRB- and a layperson 's -RRB- perspective , this book touches upon many ideas , and not in a particularly concise or unified way . These ideas , from my perspective , are often the embryonic stages and `` seeds '' of thought often more specifically and fully expressed in future and current psychology . Interestingly , he questions pure Freudian theory -- maybe this was fairly novel in 1946 . Self actualization , self-transcendence , finding an authentic self are ideas later espoused by Maslow , Dr. Phil MacGraw , and other psychologists . Perhaps the book would have been more effective for me if I had read it in 1946 , but I was n't born yet . I believe the best audience for it in 2003 are psychologists/psychiatrists -- there are ideas / `` seeds '' for graduate students to expound upon and develop.I much prefer The Diary of Ann Frank , or The Pianist , in terms of artfulness and my developing empathy for the characters , than Frankl 's somewhat detached professional espousal of Holocaust atrocities . A dated , sometimes rambling discourse . The 1984 postscript seems `` cobbled onto '' the original . There are 40 pages of bibliography that append the book-is this included for hisprofessional audience ? Not uninteresting , but not worth revisiting .
 Reading this book was largely a waste of my time . Frankel does not set forth a literary experiment in an attempt to prove a hypothesis . Rather , he gives the hypothesis and then assumes the hypothesis to prove his beliefs . Frankel commits the cardinal sin of writing a persuasive work
 Looking , for the moment , beyond the glaring and obvious problems with the supposed philsophy Mr. Frankl provides in this book and getting to the , in this case , much more important issue , which is the overall negative effect and even immense pain that this writing not only already has caused but continues to cause persons , well , I both feel and think it important to state that this is the most reprehensible book I have ever read . His opinions when it comes to therapy are unhealthy to say the least and his entire theory is groundless and irrational.In this book , Mr. Frankl admits to telling a man that the meaning to that man 's life since the death of his beloved wife was to feel pain ! Mr. Frankl even went on to tell that poor man whom for whatever reason bought into his proprietary brand of crazy , termed `` logotherapy , '' that he should embrace the pain and even nurture the pain so as to be able to feel it more fully . What ??? Therapy ??? Psychosis?Viktor Frankl is , in my opinion , a mentally-ill person whose book has caught on for some reason yet unknown to me . There is no meaning to be found anywhere around this book .
 It was a little too esoteric for me , high on philosophy and not enough down to earth summary or thoughts .
 Out of falsehood nothing good can come . Viktor Frankl devotes a large section of his story to Auschwitz , and claims to have been there for quite some time , noting that `` we had to wear the same shirts for half a year , until they had lost all appearance of being shirts . '' In reality , Frankl spent only a few days in Auschwitz , en route from Theresienstadt to an outcamp of Dachau . As Timothy Pytell , a professor of history at Cooper Union who has researched Frankl observed , a reader of Man 's Search for Meaning would `` be stunned to discover that Frankl spent only a few days in Auschwitz '' and `` if truth be told , Frankl 's rendition is contradictory and profoundly deceptive . '' Frankl finally admitted the truth in 1991 when he told the magazine `` Possibilities '' that `` I was in Auschwitz only three or four days -LSB- ... -RSB- I was sent to a barrack and we were all transported to a camp in Bavaria . `` Frankl left Theresienstadt on October 19 , 1944 and arrived at the Dachau sub-camp Kaufering III on October 25 , 1944 . How then did he come to write his stories of Auschwitz ? One can not avoid concluding that he simply made the stories up . One could also have determined this from Frankl 's story of seeing large flames coming out of the Auschwitz crematorium chimneys - a technical impossibility for such installations.One can even identify Frankl 's transport from Theresienstadt . But the Auschwitz Chronicle of Danuta Czech gives the following account of his train : `` October 20
 Let me start by saying that this book does not belong to `` My Favorite Books '' bookshelf . I started reading this book for couple of reasons . One ... the central idea behind this book was referred by one of my favorite Authors -LRB- Stephen R Covey -RRB- in one of my favorite books viz `` Seven Habits of Highly Effective People '' . Secondly , the title of this book was extremely seductive `` Man 's Search for Meaning '' . -LRB- Who does not want to know meaning of life ? -RRB- This book is primarily divided into two parts . The first part is more of an autobiography of the Author -LRB- Victor E. Frankl -RRB- . Second part is dedicated to `` Logotherapy '' . As regards to the 1st part , I found the narration a bit dry . I think the Author did his best to put forward his life as dramatically as possible , however it does not stand out . As much as I sympathize with the Author for what he went through , I felt that he was being a bit boastful at times . I was specially disappointed to see that he was putting down some of his comrades to show how superior he was . The Author also also failed to explain how Logotherapy therapy helped him during his tough times.The second part is on Logotherapy , which is nothing but a `` bowl of spaghetti '' . The ideas are not very well organized . Whatever is put forward is not sufficiently substantiated with reasoning or facts . Author has tried to use some high-sounding words to make it sound something superior , but I guess the Author failed miserably . The Logotherapy that is referred in second part has no reference in the first part . So it is difficult to make any correlation between the two parts of the book.If there is anything to learn from this book , it is ... `` If you have a * why * in life , you will go through any * how * to achieve it . '' . So effectively , to find meaning in life , find out what is your final goal and let it direct you.Overall I found this book disappointing :--LRB- - Sachin
 This book was not quite what I expected . I do not mean todoubt Mr. Frankl 's character or value or theories , or the atrocity ofconcentration camps , or anything else . In this book I expected to find a presentation and discussion of a theory . However , the first part was a description of camp life and consisted of `` plain '' facts . Of course , I do not doubt that they have certain things to say , but I did not see any theory coming through from these facts -LRB- at least up to the point that I had the patience to read -RRB- . In my case , the first part did not attract my interest , but rather worked as a deterrent , because of very different expectations I had from this book.In describing a theory that wants to be called `` scientific , '' it is necessary to mention certain facts to prove ones point ; in my opinion the first part did not serve such a prupose . Appealing to the emotions of the reader does not help him judge objectively a theory and certainly * does n't * validate a theory ! I do not suffer from any kind of loss and I 've had little to do with physchology -LRB- my background is in physics and computer science ... :--RRB- . I expected a logical and `` matter-of-fact '' description of a theory and -LRB- at least as far as I got in this book -RRB- , I did n't see that . The beginning of the second part did not seem very `` promising '' either , so I gave this book up completely.To sum up , I 'm * not * rejecting Mr. Frankl 's theories -LRB- I still do n't know what they are , after all ! -RRB- but if you think in a manner similar to mine , maybe you should seek to learn about them from another book -LRB- possibly by the same author -RRB- .
 Before one goes through this book it 's worth picking up a copy of the April 2000 issue of the Journal of Contemporary History , Volume 35 , Number 2 , and reading carefully the essay by Timothy Pytell , `` The Missing Pieces of the Puzzle
 I am a widow , and this book was recommended to me by a psychologist to help lift my spirits . I 'm sorry , but I 'm not sure how page after page of descriptions of life under the nazis is supposed to help anyone with anything . I was already aware that many people have had to go through even worse things than watching a beloved spouse die of cancer , awful as that is . Certainly Mr. Frankel 's experience and response to it is a tribute to the human spirit -- proof that we are more resillient than we think . But uplifting ? No , I do n't think so . Depressing , with no new information , is my synopsis . More power to those who can comfort themselves with some `` meaning '' in suffering and get something out of this book . But if you do n't , you wo n't be the only one .
 What 's proven here ? That if you can convince youself you have something to live for
 The first part of the book was well-written , poignant and interesting . However the second part was pendantic and thus boring . The author would have been better served if he used the examples in the first part of the book to sparingly illustrate the philosophy and theory in the second part of the book .
 I am not one who reads as much as many of you . My time is spent mostly `` doing '' , as opposed to reading about doing . That said , I selected this book to read as one that I thought would be useful and enlightening . While it did provide some insights to the inner workings of the mind , it fell short of my expectations.To me , the content did not represent that which was implied by the title . Furthermore , the first half of the book relating to the authors experiences in a concentration camp , was severely disconnected with the second part of the book , which was basically , a self help phychoanalysis book . Both parts were interesting to a degree , but I did not think that they complimented each other . Like I said , disjointed at best.I know one reviewer stated that this is the best book he has in his entire -LRB- and massive -RRB- book collection . I 'm sorry but , that 's sad.Just one man 's opinion ...
 Because that 's what it sounds like to me . Some people decide life sucks . Frankly , if coming from a concentration camp inmate , I do n't think anyone has any right to suggest that is not a valid position.Any camp memoir has plenty of examples of the arbitrariness of who got to live and who got to die . Frankl survived by pure chance several times . I do n't think we can accept his insinuation that those circumstances were somehow due to his wonderful philosophies.I am genuinely pleased for him that he found something that worked for him in the face of the annihilation of his family , and the book is indeed full of inspiring ways of looking at the world . However I find it simplistic in the extreme and bordering on the offensive that he seems to believe that what worked for him can and should work for everyone else , particularly when he uses the behaviours of those who gave up and/or died for other reasons -LRB- occasionally he seems to blur the distinction -RRB- as an example of how not to live.I also find his little nuggets of wisdom and anecdotes of how with a simple sentence he turned patients ' lives around to be extremely obnoxious . Ditto his unfortunate insinuation that the only thing that can give a woman 's life meaning is to have children .
 Long before the Christmas shelves were full of film guides and before every publisher caught on that there was a market out there , Halliwell 's was king . And far superrior to Leanard Maltin 's facile effort , which used to be the only other reference around.This book was indispensible for a whole generation and was even the basis for a short story . Unfortunately , since his death in 1989 , the book has been revised again and again , until now it 's almost a pale shadow of it 's former self . Think of the difference between The Godfather parts 2 and 3 , yes , it 's that big a gulf.Leslie Halliwell 's ratings of films had become tougher and tougher on any made after 1960 - with only four films from that decade given the four star rating . This was plain silly . His tastes were very conservative , blindgly so some times - with foreign and colour films given shirt shrift . But that rating was a cast iron guarantee that it was something special . Something to stay in for . If he gave a film two stars , you 'd stay in because it was going to be entertaining . Three stars and you 'd forget your plans . Four stars and you forget the world . And these were very , very rare.On his death I brought a hardback edition in case it went pear-shaped and crumbled into silliness , and since Mr. John Walker has taken over - I 'm glad that i did and wish I had brought a dozen editions . Not only are Mr. Walker 's comments very unenlightening , you always got the impression that Halliwell had deliberated over the wording , so that even the briefest critique seemed fully-realised by an educated mind alive to cinema , but not Mr Walker 's . Virtually every entry is vastly over-rated , with no glimmer of thought behind the utterly one-dimensional wording . Every dumb-ass movie , all those passing fads of the last 15 years has been evaluated & given merit way beyond their value . I remember watching one of his first recommendations -LRB- ' 8 Men Out ' rated three stars and was in shock that I 'd been let down for the first time in a decade by THE BOOK . And it 's happened again and again -RRB- . His contributions have the statue of a third-rate , fickle hacks - from a down-market grungy tabloid.Some of the ratings are plain silly , The Terminator gets a tight-fisted one star by Halliwell -LRB- it should have been at least *** -RRB- , while Walker gives the empty and souless special effects vessel Terminator 2 - two stars . Check out Speed -LRB- *** -RRB- , or any of the other dumbed down intended blockbusters churned out every summer to see how they are rated -LRB- ` Independence Day ' & ` Titanic ' two stars -RRB- . Many of these movies are the modern eqivelant of those long tedious wide-screen Epics of the '50s . With Halliwell 's original guide , you grew to form your own opinions and argue for your own favourites , like the ` The Ghost and Mrs Muir ' & ` The Manchurian Candidate ' . Even rock documentaires have been added into the brew and they are a matter of taste in music as much as the cutting and shaping.The book is no longer a guide to a quality night in . Even worse than all the poor reviews during Mr. Walker 's tenure , is the ditching of the forewords and essays by the founder of the guide for each edition , giving his pets hates and his percieved disappointments in the changing face of the media since the last edition . This now robs the guide of a sense of perspective and personality - which would draw in the reader , when it would have been wiser for Mr. Walker to have add his own essay.Another gripe is the look of the entries themselves . Where they had been streamlined before , tightly constucted , and smart-with italics to denote a contribution of a very high standard , Mr Walker seems to have been playing with those little computer tools of his . The film sypnosis ' have been italicised , and anything else he could find to play about with . The italics are no longer eye-catching , there is now far too much information italicised . So that nothing catches the attention . Sometimes , as with movies , less is more.Anyway , who cares if it 's on DVD or Video ? This information dates so easily . What 's the point ? All it takes to find out this info , is to tap it into Amazon . Duh!In every edition that he has edited , Walker has made huge blunders of judgement and not just in the film ratings and those gripes listed above . There are now several pages devoted to solely listing all the 3 and 4 star rated movies , both by year and alphabetically . One of the pleasures of the Halliwell guides was to find those treasures on your own and because they were so infrequent they genuinely would stand out and then you 'd have that buzz of discovery . Not here , now . By providing everything , the reader no longer invests anything into the discovery . This is basic psychology 101 . In this edition he has eliminated 1 star from nearly 25 or so vintage masterpieces that were rated so by the original founder of the guide . EG
 Hang on a minute . I do n't understand what 's going on here ... The book is called ` Halliwell 's Film , Video And Dvd Guide 2005 by John Walker ' according to the front cover . So who wrote it ? Leslie Halliwell or John Walker?Leslie Halliwell was a superlative film critic/historian , but he died in 1989 . It should n't be allowed for a book to be called ` Halliwell 's ... ' unless it 's written by him alone . The fact is that Halliwell is NOT a brand name . It 's the name of an author who died in 1989 . He wrote the entire books himself - He was n't just the curator of a collection - he was an author in his own right . To start adding further reviews by John Walker means it is no longer Halliwell 's guide . Simple as that ... Why is n't there a Walker 's Film , Video And Dvd Guide 2005 by John Walker ? Presumably because it would n't sell as many copies.If you want the genuine Halliwell article then please search out ebay for copies from the 80s . What next ? The complete Works of Shakespeare by John Walker ?
 This book was really bad !! I could n't even finish it . My advice read something by Marian Keyes or Jane Green instead .
 This author has another book that was good enough to make me order this one as it is now not in book stores . Turns out she uses the same plot for both and this one must have been her learning book as not good at all . Could not get thru it even .
 It seems there are always strong personalities around who want to dominate others . And there are others looking for a life and let themselves be dominated . Shirley , like other Gurdjieff devotees , is so full of hero worship he does n't see the shortcomings he describes in his hero . Gurdjieff 's teachings are pretty ordinary , and derivative . He cherry picks ideas from Kabbalah , then adds some twists of his own.His actual teachings are simplistic.He loved to mess people up by getting them to do things they found unpleasant , such as giving him something they highly valued.Gurdjieff had his pupils do senseless things , such as dig holes and them fill them in.It is not mentioned by Shirley , but once Gurdjieff had elderly women followers try and dig out a tree stump with teaspoons . Such tasks were supposed to induce mindfulness , but it just shows a streak of sadism lurking in the Gurdjieff personality . A true teacher helps the pupils to be free , whereas Gurdjieff had tricks in his teachings to confuse and make pupils dependent on him . At one point Shirley says Gurdjieff was saintly . Shirley , after stating Gurdjieff fathered an unknown number of illegitimate children , rapidly moves on to other matters.Gurdjieff smoked , drank alcohol , and ate meat . -LRB- Shirley reports that Krishnamurti did n't think much of Gurdjieff because he smoked . Make of that what you will . -RRB- This biography is one-sided because Shirley has too much hero worship for his subject .
 Mr. Boyington wrote a great book , but to really know about his squadron , VMF-214 , I suggest one to read '' Black Sheep-The Definitive Account of Marine Fighting Squadron 214 '' , by Bruce Gamble . The facts quoted by Boyington are often misleading , with incorrect dates or which never took place at all . Much more time is expensed talking about his life as a prisoner in Japanese camps than eith his fellow Squadron mates . Boyington was a compulsive liar and a lousy Squadron commander on the ground , and his book reflects this . It is incoherent and inconsistent from beggining to end . I do n't really know how someone may think it is `` the best book on air wair in the Pacific '' ...
 I found myself rather disapointed because boyington spent most of the book describing his thoughts and fellings and life and not enough of what was going on around him . It was as if he was trying to make everyone feel sorry for him .
 Totally obtrusive as a writer , Boyington 's book is plain horrible . It really does n't deserve the attention it got . BOyington was a real air hero -LRB- as all the men who served in WW II -RRB- , a master in the Corsair fighter , but a poor leader to his squadron in general -LRB- I mean the ground echelon , etc -RRB- . The book is full of lies -LRB- intended or not , I do n't know -RRB- and almost a half of it is plain boring , in the hands of the Japanese .
 I wish I could say that I am enjoying this book , but I am not . It was chosen as my `` book club '' choice for December . It is just plain boring in my opinion .
 Paper material is bad , pale print with only black and white including charts and graphics , bad glue is used to stick up the papers , book started do dismantle after very short period.However the learning material within is very useful and mandatory for some courses .
 This book is just a rehashing of The Oathbound Wizard . Nearly all of the major scenes are identical . The only difference is that they are told from Saul 's POV . It 's not really interesting , and I 'm having a hard time reading it because it feels like like reading The Oathbound Wizard all over again . I understand that Stasheff was probably getting bored with the series , but he still could have done a better job with this one .
 My main problem with this book is that it takes Saul 's POV the entire time , and to be honest , his need to contradict himself all the time just annoys the heck out of me and takes up too much space . I 'm surprised Saul has a guardian angel at all actually . Narlh is the best reason to keep reading . And how stupid is Saul to never realize that Matt is the Lord Wizard of Merovence despite being told that at least 5 times in 3 days ??? That one fact alone nearly made me stop altogether , till I realized Matt had to show up sooner or later so I kept on .
 This book is weird and full of typing mistakes . The content has to do with UFOs controlling Santa Claus . Not a great choice for a Christian Holiday .
 I tested Birding Texas under field conditions last spring . I am sorry to say that many maps are of limited use as are the descriptions to get to the places . You only need it if you like to go to places that are not covered by the two ABA/Lane guides currently available . For the Texas coast and the Rio Grande valley you 'd better refer to the these two books .
 Pictures are great and descriptions are fine , so long as you can read them . The text is printed in a very small font and the paper is so thin you can see the type from both the back of the page and the next -LRB- or previous -RRB- page through it . If it 's a matter of space , limit it to animals in Eastern & Southern Africa -LRB- where safari takers go -RRB- , and leave out the extremely rare ones that travelers never get to see anyway .
 I ordered this book thinking it was a guide to African Mammals . In fact , it attempts to cover mammals , birds , and reptiles - for the whole continent ! To any serious wildlife observer , the very notion of a field guide covering at best 11 % of the species in the area is ludicrous . Condensing 1,100 mammalian species to under 200 is least egregious -LRB- most of us are not looking for mice and shrews -RRB- . But covering fewer than 300 of 2,300 avian species and about 24 of the 1,300 reptilian species renders these sections absolutely useless to anyone who is serious about identification . All but beginner birders and herpers also have long condemned the Audubon format - 4 to 6 photos per pair of facing pages , with each photo depicting a single animal . This format prevents grouping of similar species , showing all the relevant field marks -LRB- esp . in flight -RRB- , and showing different plumages -LRB- races , male/female , summer/winter , etc -RRB- . Also , vagaries of lighting and photographic technique make it hard to truly compare species . A serious wildlife observer expects to pack multiple references to a region when traveling . If you are a very , and I repeat very , casual/beginner wildlife observer and want Everything in Africa in one teeny-weeny book , you 'll probably be happy with this - if only b/c you do n't know what 's been left out . But I think even beginners would still be better off with a regional or country-specific guide for each class -LRB- mammals , birds , reptiles -RRB- that is more comprehensive .
 It 's hard to believe a boring book could be made from the life of this buffalo hunter , marshal , politician and businessman but Metz ' managed it . According to Metz , Garrett was driven solely by money and ego . That 's barely worthy of a magazine article much less a book .
 When it comes to pizza there are two basic preferences . Either you go for something simple and you sprinkle one or two light toppings sparingly to enhance the flavour of the crust and the flavour of the tomato sauce that has been finely balanced with herbs and spices . Or you go the other way and you overfill your pizza with your chosen toppings and even sometimes include as many different toppings as you can think of . This book is mainly for the latter type of pizza . If you enjoy filling your face with a smorgasbord of flavours and textures only to feel bloated and ill afterwards then this is the book for you . If , on the other hand you want to get down to basics and do things more simply yet at the same time produce something sophisticated in flavour and texture then you 'll need a different book . Although the technical information and secrets are available online I have not yet found a printed book on true pizza excellence . Printed cookery books are aimed to appeal to as many buyers as possible who wo n't want to bother searching for the correct flours and do the necessary experimentation for success . On the other hand what has prevented me from rating this book a one star is that it has some use in suggesting unusual toppings but I will include only one or maybe two toppings on a pizza and much reduce the quantity .
 Sadly the best thing about this book is the portability . While it has some good info , if you already know anything about camping/hiking/backpacking , then you will get nothing new from it . If however you know absolutely nothing and have a passing interest , then the book is worth it for a survey of the sport . Otherwise , pass on it , or get a more in depth book .
 The cover and description of this book did not do justice describing how elementary and basic this book is . Copyrighted in 1996 , much of this book is out of date . The `` tips '' were remedial . For example
 The problem with this book is that is does n't play to one specific audience and by doing so renders itself useless . It offers tips that are very basic as well as advanced but it does n't make any sense . Its a small book meant to be taken with you while you hike but so it does n't cover any one tip in too much detail . Because of its brevity , some tips are actually incomplete and could be dangerous on top of not containg enough information.TIP 2 - Choosing Companions - walking with a group is safer than walking alone , and walking with friends is preferable to walking with strangers . -LRB- Rocket science folks ! -RRB- Find a walking association and make an effort to talk to everyone early on . -- so here the book is supposing that you are somebody who has never hiked before.Other tips go on to talk about choosing clothing , food , tents and backpacks so here the book is assuming you are going on a multi night camping trip which is fine but the information here is not thourough enough for inexperienced hikers so it really ends up being useless . Tips 8-24 are n't bad as they talk about boots , fitting you pack and how to pack it as well as foot care and the layer system . It pretty much goes downhill from there though as we get the myriad of misinformation and common knoweldege.TIP 25 - Sleeping Bags - says nothing about the temp rating system or down bags or the difference between house sleeping bags and camping sleeping bags.TIP 30 - Bring Portable Foods - no duh!TIP 36 - Bring First Aid Kit - yikes!TIP 38 - goes into detail about planning your route on a multi night hike . Does not talk about distance planning and makes it seem like a breeze . This is misleading and you should n't be making your own routes along places without trails unless you actually have some unmarked backcountry experience.TIP 41 and 42 - How a compass works and setting your compass . - great except for the fact that again , someone who does n't know how to do this should not be getting them in a situation where they need to do for the first time from a book!TIP 46 - Navigating by stars - see problems with 38 , 41 and 42 ... TIP 61-63 - crossing dangerous water alone , in groups etc. . . oy vey do n't get yourself into this please!There are some usefull tips here and there but for the most part I do n't like this book . There are some usefull first aid tips but most kits contain this information in them already or you just get a pamhlet of the internet that does.Bottom Line
 The 1995 bombing of the Federal Building in Oklahoma City shook the nation and produced a modest flurry of books . This late addition fills in a few blanks that may interest specialists.A life of Timothy McVeigh might enjoy wide appeal , and terrorist plots have a gruesome fascination , but readers won &#65533; t find them here . Edward Linenthal , Professor of Religion and American Culture at the University of Wisconsin spends little time on the bombers and the explosion . He has written a history of ideas , an academic field in which the books may outnumber the readers . In works of this genre , the author first asks a question . Thus , was the bombing a senseless atrocity ? Or was it an act one would expect in the U.S. , a culture that glamorizes violence ? Having asked a question , the author doesn &#65533; t answer it . He collects everyone else &#65533; s answer , assembling page after page of quotes from editorials , talk shows , pundits , politicians , clergymen , and academics . After recording these thoughts , the author draws no conclusions . The chapter ends . Another chapters introduces another question . Was God or Satan responsible for the catastrophe ? Oklahomans are a conservative people , and there is no shortage of feeling that a federal government that keeps the Bible out of schools bears much responsibility . Ironically , clergymen are far more restrained than laymen in laying blame . Mostly , clergymen admit they can &#65533; t explain it.For years after the blast , the city argued vehemently over a proper memorial for the victims . The author considers this such an important controversy that he devotes half the book to it . With the memorial complete , I doubt if many residents of Oklahoma City want to read about the pros and cons of the design . It has even less appeal to anyone else .
 If you like incomprehensible story lines , improbable plots and connections and an overtone of misogyny then this is your book.If not this is book best left unread .
 This review is for the CD version of Eliot Gould 's reading.I love Chandler 's writing and have read `` Farewell '' at least four times . Gould does a good job of reading it , too.What 's frustrating about the CD version is that the disks are not indexed . There was no effort to make a disk begin at the beginning of a chapter , for instance . Also , each disk holds one track only . That means if you want to pause for the night at the end of chapter 5 , good luck finding your place when you return to listening in a few days.Breaking the audio into tracks is a very easy thing to do , so primitive a technology that it makes it seem that this CD box set was mastered in the 1980s . There is no competing product as of June 2003 , however . Devotees may want to make their own MP3 files and then donate the CDs to a library .
 In Farewell , My Lovely by Raymond Chandler , an everyday detective , Marlowe , gets wrapped up in a hermeneutic search that could eventually cost him his life . Everything he does affects what will be and , in turn , he winds up changing the course of his search as he becomes caught in its very tentacles . Leading from one murder and scandal to another , this mystery novel addresses corruption and deceit in all of its forms . While it is occasionally difficult to understand because of Chandler 's creative habit of inventing new detection slang , it yet creates for an engaging read as it keeps readers in suspense and `` in the dark '' until the climax of the book , during which time everything is revealed . More than many other detection novels , this one follows a more Sherlock Holmesesque method of detection by revealing and explaining all in a very short , descriptive , `` aha ! '' type of moment , which is exciting to the reader who has been trying to solve the mystery all along.However , while the eventual mastermind turns out to be a cunning , selfish woman , the overall portrayal of women in this 1940 's novel is daunting . Although often depicted as intelligent , they are also often depicted as needing and revering men . Furthermore , Marlowe 's sarcastic confidence and desire to rescue women just gives an overall bad taste to the novel as he looks at women as burdens , sex objects , and inferior beings . In fact , he does n't very highly esteem African Americans , either . In conclusion , while this book is an interesting read , it is too great a reminder of gender and racial inequalities to be enjoyable .
 Mary disappointed me on this book . After reading the fast-paced , interesting , drama-filled , exciting book `` Soulmates Dissipate '' the `` Never Again Once More '' was NOT a good book . It was slow and many times I thought ... what is the point?I struggled to get through this book . It took me over a week to complete . I am going to continue to read the other books in the series , and hope it gets better.I 'll let you know ...
 I must start off by saying I did not read the first book and I do n't intend too . I was really disappointed in the Character Jada and Wellington . They seemed very selfish . I was upset the Author made it seemed like they would not pay for hurting Lawernce and Simone the way they did . It was very unfair to them . I am use to African American Authors who give a more realistic approach to writing . When I 'm reading the situations seems real and even the ending seems real . This did not happen with this book . To think that Jada and Wellington would just be living happily ever after seems more like a fairy tale than real life -LRB- I 'm sorry this book was fiction , I have to remind myself -RRB- . I 'm glad I did not buy the book I just borrowed it .
 Well there were so many things that made me stop reading this book , then pick it up again . First off , in this one , to me it seemed like no one aged meaning Jada or Wellington . Darius was what , 20 yrs old so that had to make them in their 50 's but their language and the childishness of them both seemed like the writer forgot they were older than the first book . I felt like both Jada and Wellington forgot to grow up . If someone is your soulmate then why would you marry someone else , have a baby with someone else , have sex with someone else other than that person ?? This book left me confused about soulmates .
 This book was nothing like the first book.It has no storyline . It did not make any sense . This book really had me confused as to where it was going.I truly am dissapointed in the author and I hope she redeems herself in the next book .
 After reading Soulmates Dissipate I could n't wait for Ms. Morrison 's next novel . I thoroughly enjoyed reading about Jada and Wellington . When I saw that they were in Never Again Once More I could n't wait to begin the book . How could I have known that I would be in for a rude awakening . I was majorly disappointed . The storyline moved too fast and I really was n't that fond of jada by the end of the book . I do n't think Ms. Morrison should have gone as far as 20 years into the future .
 This is the second book by Mary B Morrison that I 've read , and I 'm sorry that I spent my money , again ! The characters were trite , pedantic , and boring . The book did not flow , and no one learned any true lessons . How in the world was Ms. Morrision named an `` Essence Best Selling Author '' ? I gave away my last Mary B Morrison novel , and this one will follow the same path .
 This book , while being nice because it was a sequel , I found to be rather lacking and not really based in reality . I do n't think there was enough character development ... seems to me that all the character developing was done in ` they did this , they did that ' instead of actual behaviors from the characters themselves . When reading a book , I 'm not very interested in the name brand clothing and material possessions they have , I like characters that I can related to on a personal level - get into sort of . I do n't know any guys that would behave as `` lawrence '' in respect to the main character `` jada diamond '' , but if you 're into materialistic writing and the like , this book might be for you . The plot was good though .
 This book was a huge disappointment . Morenberg assumes that the reader knows the basic rules , when in deed , this is meant to be a basic grammar book . He fails to mention the well used exceptions when doing a sub-par job of explaining grammar . This book may be called `` Doing Grammar '' but most of it is impermeable even for those who have been studying the subject for years.His persistent use of differing lexical categories -- he often makes up his own -- which do n't harmonize with contemporary categories just makes matter more complicated.A excellent Grammar Book is '' A Student 's Introduction to English Grammar '' by Huddleston and Pullum . I bought this book a year before buying Doing Grammar and it 's great . Very comprehensive and with multiple examples and in-depth definitions and application!I would not recommend Doing Grammar to anyone and would have given it 0 stars if I could .
 This grammar book appeals to a certain type of people . If you are capable of thinking exactly like the author , then this book will meet your needs . He is very abstract in his structure , which makes it difficult for me to follow , as I prefer learning in a sequential and logical order . A difficult text to use as a reference , as well .
 Being a long-time Costco member , I ordered this book with anticipation of `` insider '' information . What is presented is a tedious tome overburdened with such common-sense topics such as choosing a parking space , selecting a cart -LRB- flatbed or shopping cart , pretty self-evident -RRB- , a whole chapter on shopping cart `` etiquette '' -LRB- including the `` risks '' of abandoning your cart -RRB- , choosing a check-out lane -LRB- 4 pages ! -RRB- , and buying two sizes of clothing/returning one , given the lack of fitting rooms , etc. . Add to that more tedium -LRB- 5 pages worth ! -RRB- on communicating with your family while shopping -LRB- Cell phone ? Walkie-talkies ? Runners ? Public telephone ? It boggles the mind ! -RRB- . Warehouse clubs have been in existence 25 + years , so most people understand the concept . Perhaps if you were raised by wolves , this book might be enlightening.Any insights into Costco and its interesting culture are scarce . And some information is flat-out inaccurate , such as references to cluttered , narrow aisles , and the option of shopping bags.This book could have been so much more . For the Costco non-member , the meat of it can be explained to you by any member in about 10 minutes . The time it takes to read this book would be better spent `` touring '' your local Costco a couple of times and picking up a copy of the free monthly magazine on your way out . If you are already a member , there is little , if anything , of significant value . I learned absolutely nothing from this book , and regret both the expended time and money.I guess there 's a reason why this book was never carried by Costco , not available in any chain bookstores here in Seattle , nor stocked by the King County Public library , -LRB- which carries an exhaustive collection of books on Seattle-area companies -RRB-
 I am a professor of Spanish Linguistics . I used this book one semester in an undergraduate applied linguistics course and received very negative feedback from the students . In spite of the fact that the back cover claims that the book is for those with no previous knowledge of L2 acquisition research , it was definitely not accessible to my students . It lacks a clearly organized approach in explaining the history of the discipline , existing L2 acquisition theory , what motivates researchers to conduct the studies that they do , and the terminology of the discipline . I have since found that a better choice for real begginers in this area is `` Principles of Language Learning and TEaching '' by H.D. Brown -LRB- 1994 -RRB- . Its scope includes more than L2 acquisition theory , as the title suggests , but it provides the basic understanding necessary to then begin to talk about current research .
 I read Walter Kaufmann 's articles , available in the AMOK publication of this book , in which he explains why this book is a forgery , I 'll share some of the reasons
 The preeminent scholar of Nietzsche , Prof. Walter Kaufman , has obtained a written confession from the `` translator '' -LRB- Levy -RRB- that this book was in fact written in English by Levy . There was no original German manuscript by Nietzsche . This book is not by Nietzsche , and is not worth reading .
 This book took forever to get . I did n't recieve it for a month ! Emailed and recieved no responce .
 Why make a kindle version if the script wo n't show ? I have the dead-tree version -LRB- which I gave 3 stars -RRB- and thought a portable version would be nice . However , kindle does n't recognize the cyrillic script unless it is in a table .
 There are too many errors in this edition to recommend it to a beginner . Approximately 75 errors were encountered . For a second edition , it is surprising that these errors were not corrected . Otherwise , I think this book would have been a good introduction to the Russian language .
 I purchased this with the the practice CD , hour long listen and learn , as specified on the cover . The CD is missing .
 This is a second edition and it still has errors that are obvious even to an novice like myself . A book like this should been proofread by a native speaker . Even looking past the mistakes , there 's not a lot of substance here either .
 I tried to read this book ... and guess what ? It 's no good ... from the very beginning where the russian alphabet is not on one page but five pages ... so it means going back and forth all the time ... . Does this man know how to teach ? I think not . i am a teacher . This is n't teaching If it is ... then I guess I am not enough of an idiot ...
 Larry Brown , the book jacket `` blurb '' reviewer , claims that this book reminds him of Faulkner and Garcia Marquez . Huh ? The comparison defames both writers , as this is a highly forgettable book without much passion , direction , or distinction . It is one of those books that tries so hard to be special that you can see through the attempt , and the effort ends up looking sad ...
 What do you say about a book whose crowning literary moment is the description of an 89-year-old man taking a dump in the bathroom ? Then there 's this lovely image of a horse
 I bought this book expecting to like it . I 'd read Watson 's previous book -- the short stories about the dogs -- and never really saw what others saw in it , despite its fair to middling notices , and frankly I found Watson a bit of a bigot . This new novel was heralded so I picked it up , and found it -- to my continuing surprise at the pre-reviewer 's praise -- a hackneyed collection of over-cute colloquialisms , sentimental trash , and a plot-line that lacks drive and is instead anecdotal and spotty . I would n't recommend this book to anyone , and even if I did I 'd recommend that you wait a few weeks to avoid paying full price , as the book will surely be remaindered soon and available on Ebay for a couple bucks .
 This guy can write -- if only he could learn the rules of novel writing
 I can not remember being MORE disappointed with a novel . Mr. Watson 's run-on approach to describing events did not pull me in but bored me . The main character , Finus , spends his whole life desiring from afar a woman -LRB- Birdie -RRB- for no other given reason than he saw her naked in the woods when he was 13 years old . There is only a passing reference to her being pretty - and none to her being particularly kind or fun.Mr . Watson 's interpretation of a relationship between a black domestic and her white employer was embarrassingly lacking . No nuisances , no subtleties.My last example of the degree to which this novel is pathetic is that the undertaker in this novel has a thing for having sex with dead people , or people who act dead . Very unoriginal !
 The publicity machine has stoked up again , with locally famous no-name book blurbers and a flashy cover . But in all truth , this is an over-hyped , under-wrought piece of tired prose . Another reviewer said this book is '' ... trying so hard to be special '' and that is really true . Watson 's ego is so evident here , that is washes away what little quality the writing may have . Skip this book for something more worthy .
 i , the reviewer , say - out of the last 20 books i read , this one was the worst . i would describe it as a `` flight of ideas '' rather than a novel . there are 33 chapters , with each chapter split into multiple `` sub-chapters '' by the '' ~ '' sign , producing a 100-chapter , 300-page book . each 3-page `` sub-chapter '' seemingly has nothing to do with the previous , only serving the purpose of introducing yet another citizen from the town of mercury or a relative of the supposedly main characters , who only die a `` sub-chapter '' later in a car crash or from a heart attack . Each `` sub-chapter '' jumps from present to past , from dreams to reality , from memories to thoughts , to actual obituaries of the latest deceased . there may have been a couple of good thoughts and some nicely crafted sentences in this book , but what does it matter if you ca n't make it through the story?new suggested inside flap
 I may be living in a box because I had not heard of this book or the movie before I found the graphic novel . When I saw it was based on a Philip K. Dick book I was hopeful - after all , he is the author of such thought-inducing works as `` Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep '' -LRB- A.K.A. `` Blade Runner '' -RRB- and he is the inspiration for `` Minority Report '' and `` Total Recall '' -LRB- Not the `` Total Recall '' is as deep as the other two , but there are some themes that the three share , including a caste system based on birth , be you an android , a mutant or someone who can see the future -RRB- . What I hoped would be a thoughtful commentary on the `` War on Drugs '' and/or the damage that drugs do to the user turned into a rambling work of several episodes in the lives of some druggie pals and the undercover narc officer who has caught himself in the web of addiction . Sometimes funny , usually odd , this book just never lived up to the other Philip K. Dick works mentioned above . It never gelled , it never reached that critical mass where it started to make commentary on the folly of drug use , or the folly of empowering our government to go after users , etc.Much like its characters , this book never really got off the couch and did anything , despite a series of fits and starts in which I thought that it might finally be going somewhere.I give it a D + .
 I 've just finished this book and found it rather annoying . Though I have enjoyed the Pitt series along the way , it seems that Anne Perry plays fast and loose with historical facts and , in this story , contrives an entirely unlikely key to resolve the plot.Although no date for the story is given it appears to be set about 1880 . The fact that Pitt and other characters have telephones at home , when the telephone was first invented in 1876 and not in general use until much later , is one problem . Another is a reference to someone 's having seen another character 's photograph in the newspaper , when photos were not used in newspapers until considerably later.The chief bad guy in this story , police inspector Wetron , supposedly knows that one of his underlings is trying to catch him in illegal acts . So Perry has him leave a clue in his office that will lead the underling to his home , where apparently Wetron is planning on catching him . But the clue he leaves in his office is the real thing - a link to his criminal activity . How dumb can that be ? And then he allows the underling to spirit him off on a wild goose chase in the middle of the night while his house is searched . The ridiculousness of this ruined the story for me .
 I bought this book at a desperate point in my life hoping to learn more about my sexuality as a young man . However , as a scientist , I ca n't say that it contains anything substantial . The book starts off by claiming to be scientific , objective and not particularly religious but by the end of it the author is literally asking us to beseech the Christian god for help . The book is filled with endless bar charts -LRB- not particularly well analyzed , I might add -RRB- that really get in the way of whatever point Dr. Hart is trying to get across . Most of the time he assumes that Christian men of faith are , `` as good as it gets '' and morally superior to other men . So , whatever problems Christian men are having imply that other ` regular ' men must be having it worse . He presents nothing new in the way of tested techniques to help men deal with their sexuality . Instead , we get the usual , `` try hard not to do it '' advice we could get from anyone . Unless you 're a deeply religious young Christian man having trouble with your libido , I can not honestly recommend this book . His survey results would have been much more useful if not tainted by his evangelical interpretations . I finally realize why this ` scientific ' book was placed under the Christian section at the book store .
 While this book does give valuable information to men , and their wives as to what appears to be ` normal ' sexual thoughts in the American male , the Christian man in particular must be cautious when interpreting these results since he 's gambling with his soul . As the author pointed out in one portion of the book ` just because all men in a given area have decayed teeth does n't mean that it is a good thing to have decayed teeth , even though it 's ` normal ' in that area . ' This is very important to remember.I had the general feeling that men that have been struggling with areas of sexual sin in their life may use these results as a way to pacify their feelings of conviction , and this is where I have great areas of concern for them , since , as I have already said , we are gambling with eternity . In Matthew 5 , Jesus speaks that `` if a man even looks at a woman with lust in his heart , he has already committed adultery with her '' Remember folks , Jesus said this , not an author . He would n't have said this if it were n't serious , and real . This statement alone tells us that pornography is ADULTERY , period . That goes whether you are male or female , looking at Playboy , or Playgirl . Sin goes both ways , and so does adultery . I felt that the author 's intent was to have men excuse their attractions to pornography as normal , and not a big deal , rather than the real picture - which is what Jesus said ` adultery ' ; even though the author did indicate that it would be a positive thing to get past these attractions by being open with your spouse about them -LRB- which IS very important - sin grows much better in the dark , so exposing these struggles is a much better way to healing -RRB- , and dealing with them honestly . As I say , Men and Women - approach with caution ...
 I would have given this book no stars , but that 's not an option in the review program . I am returning this book to Amazon . The ` research ' base for this book is clergy and committed christians . I did n't get that information from the info on Amazon . The book is not scientific . Unscientific ` facts ' are presented such as - early puberty is caused by exposure to TV and sexual situations presented there . NO science , data base composed completely of christian men very involved with the church and a rip off to men who really want to know what is going on with them .
 I read a little bit of it but what I read I did not find interesting.I was not what I expected , but it might help some people .
 I am teaching myself to play guitar and thought this book looked like a good one to use , along with others.My problems with this book -LRB- and some other books in the Progressive series -RRB- are : - Emphasis on techniques isolated from their use in specific songs . At the end of the day , we practice in order to learn to play songs , and that 's the context in which techniques should be presented . - Many of the exercises are harder than they have to be in order to develop the technique . The songs at the end of the book require fingerings that are just beyong what a beginner is going to be able to do . Not that the fingerings are the point of the exercise -- they are not . They just get in the way . Guitar students need to crawl before they walk , etc. .
 Do n't waste your time on this one . Little mystery , much back and forth ` tween characters and not a whole lot else . I could n't finish this book . Try Shrouds of Holly , Deadwaiter , Christmas Is Murder ... to name a few . Least there 's substance and mystery in these .
 but that 's all . The stories are not even close to realistic . In fact , some are not even stories , just short scenes . Some humor , group sex , a couple of cases of rape and a few people even seem to die . Oh , bananas , cheerleaders and panties . Think porn in manga form , with little or no plot . If you like that kind of thing , good for you , but I was looking for something more . Kind of costed a lot for something so thin . I would suggest Yuuki Ryoh 's mangas.But , still , good artwork . Maybe even GREAT artwork . And funny bonus comments at the end of the book . For adults ONLY .
 Even though this is cheap , it is worthless . Many equations are missing and other characters are mistranslated -LRB- e.g. , 2 times pi is translated as `` 2ir '' ; lower-case delta , I guess , is an italic `` 6 '' -RRB- . I found perhaps 10 typos in the first couple of pages .
 The book itself is very good . However , the printed version was made using Optical Character Recognition -LRB- OCR -RRB- which did not translate the equations correctly . In fact , most of the math is completely unreadable which significantly reduces the value of a mathematical book ! You can also find this version of the book on the web .
 I 'm suggesting not buying this text , not because the content is poor , but rather the publisher has defaced its worth . They equations and examples have somehow become gibberish with random symbols , there is no way to read this text and comprehend it . Percy Bridgman however did do a great job presenting dimensional analysis and because the text is no longer copyrighted you can find it on Google books for free . -LSB- &#8230; -RSB-
 Sadly , not useful . No formulas , but trivial ones , can be read . The preview is of a different -LRB- useful -RRB- version , though there is n't a proper warning ; it does mention that it is a different book you view , but for a math/physics book it would only be fair to inform that formulas were demolished by the OCR handling . The claim in the book that most of their books are freely available as digital copies does not fare much better . You have to pay $ 9.99 for the `` free digital copy '' . Luckily , Google Books have the book .
 My book arrived right on the day you said it would.A very attactive book I will give the book to just the right little girl.Thanks Bertha
 What started as a great series has long ago begun to drag . Book seven of this series acomplishes nothing . Rand is going insane already , we get it . Actually we got it about 1,800 pages ago . Nothing new happens . Everytime I go to the bookstore I ca n't remember whether or not I read this book . It is not a good sign when I ca n't remember the book .
 Pt ` Barnum said that there was a sucker born every minute and now after reading the third book i feel like a sucker . But I am comforted in the fact that i am among friends there are 6b million sucker 's with me . This book made it to the new york times best seller list . how ???? I have read all 7 books and i feel several points should be made to all readers both the haters of the series and the lovers . Everybody could more or less agree that the first three books were very good , and that we all each awaited the rest of the series no matter how long it might have been . But after reading the 7 th book and seeing how the charcaters generally have not changed it depresses me severly that the book 's storyline was killed . LET 'S EXAMINE IT LOGICALLY PEOPLE I am not a chauvinist but it makes me sick to see men bashed about so much and then ask more please . All this nineties all men are pigs soo there , is ridiculous . Robert Jordan is using feminism into making a book that exalats women and makes men look stupid , beacuse some stupid survey probably told his publishers women read more fantasy novels . So let 's milk them for all the money they can get . Fantasy should be above feminsim want strong females character fine I can deal with that but some where in the book the men and womem must come to terms with each other . Women this book is using you . There is no way that you can tell me after all that that dreay tediuos talking and mundane chit chat done in the these 7 books these women have not changed their attitude towards men and that they are still allowed to get away with it . And please do the guys every grow up , apart from learning to drink shave and have sex . Enough with the whinning about being t ` avern do your job . I am tired of reading Matt or Perin complain about their duty . Christ it 's all about taking responsiblity and if these two can controll armies but have not learnt that yet then you are left with the feeling that all the `` attention '' to detail in this book is worthless . In my mind Perin is the best charcter there . We see this charcter going through the procees most good writters put down on paper . Shock , Bewilderment , Denial , Rage , Envy Jealousy , bitterness and then acceptance of his role . Yes finally somebody took rsponsibilty in this 7 ringed circus . You see in Perin the qualtites Rand and all the other Characters should have .
 I 've read most of the reviews posted here since the beginning -LRB- Jan. , ' 96 -RRB- , and as someone who did n't even start the series until a couple months ago and basically devoured the first 5 books , I 'm going to have to side with those who say this particular installment is over-long , boring , repetitive , and in many ways insulting . -LRB- I actually waited years to start the series , not wanting to start it until I figured it had to be finished . Did I misjudge there ! -RRB- Overall the series is captivating , but the incessant whining , the lack of personal growth in any of the main characters -LRB- how many times do Nynaeve , Egwene , etc. have to be wrong before they grow up and lose the damn attitudes ? -RRB- , the lack of any serious plot development -LRB- it took nearly 1000 pages and a full book to get from discovering the existence of the Bowl of Winds to finding it , and they still have n't used it ! -RRB- , and the apparent random introduction of new main characters -LRB- it took nearly 7000 pages to hear of the legendary , greatest-Aes-Sedai-of-all-time Cadsuane ? -RRB- made it very difficult for me to even stay with it . I actually only read about 3/4 of the book because I found myself skipping two or three pages at a time in order to avoid another description of yet another scandalous silk dress , another speech regarding the stupidity of men , another confession about the lack of underdstanding regarding women , etc. . The truly sad thing is that I missed absolutely nothing by skipping those pages , and I probably could have saved myself some time and skipped a great many more . I honestly hope the true believers out there are right when they say that this is only a setup to something truly fabulous in book 8 , because I do n't think I can muster up the effort to force my way through another one like this . Very disappointing at the very least , absolutely mind-numbing at the worst .
 The overwhelming sense I got in reading this book was that the author was tired and did not care to make an effort to write a good book . The story moves glacially slowly . And the women are all insane , repetitive caricatures of themeselves . It 's a miracle Nynaeve has any hair left after all that braid-pulling . I read most of this heavy book -LRB- and the predecessor book -RRB- in amazement that she responded to EVERY situation by pulling her hair , getting angry , and doing something mindlessly idiotic . The only thing at which she should have been angry was her own towering stupidity . This woman badly needs professional help , like electro-shock therapy . I 've had enough of all the women believing that all the men are idiots whose every action must be tightly controlled , and all the men believing -LRB- correctly , in this book -RRB- that all the women should be committed to a loony bin . Mr. Jordan , if you ca n't give these characters any more depth , please kill them off and concentrate on giving fewer characters more attention . It 's hard to stick with the book -LRB- and the series , which I have enjoyed -RRB- when you make the characters so tiresome .
 Crown of Swords is even more boring than Lord of Chaos . The rich characters , complex plot , and imaginative creatures are starting to annoy my sense of adventure . Characters learn nothing from their experiences and keep making the same stereotypical mistakes they have made in the past six books . They also must be somewhat dull to miss the obvious connections and clues planted by the author.I was RJ 's biggest fan for this series . Unfortunately , it has turned into a dull and predictible plot . My only hope is that as he begins to wrap this series up , it will regain its former luster.My personal plea Mr. Jordan
 OK , it all started out fine . The first few books were entertaining , but now that I am commited -LRB- time and money -RRB- in this reading endeavor , I am getting bored . There are so many people coming and going here , I do n't even pretend to follow it . Carhein , Caimleyn -LRB- sorry about the spelling -RRB- , it has gone on so long I can not even remember the difference anymore . I just skip ahead until I find something to hold my interest . I mostly read/skim each of these books just looking for whole paragraphs , and sometimes even chapters , that could have been edited out to make the story move along . I used to recommend this series to everyone , but no longer . I ca n't bring myself to get someone else sucked into this 10 -LRB- 15 ? -RRB- -LRB- 20 ? -RRB- book series . I 'll keep reading though , with the hope that the next book moves along .
 This series has steadily declined since Book 3 -LRB- by far the best in the series -RRB- . Sometimes I think RJ is treading water , and adds needless subplots just to occupy some characters while something else is happening . I think he 's found that he 's killing off too many of the forsaken , and has been replacing them with new bad guys who , unfortunately , have no personality . This book did n't end as climactically as the rest . This may be the weakest book of the series , except for perhaps the one where some characters joined the circus -LRB- and we spent 300 pages hearing about it -RRB- .
 This series has steadily declined since Book 3 -LRB- by far the best in the series -RRB- . Sometimes I think RJ is treading water , and adds needless subplots just to occupy some characters while something else is happening . I think he 's found that he 's killing off too many of the forsaken , and has been replacing them with new bad guys who , unfortunately , have no personality . This book did n't end as climactically as the rest . This may be the weakest book of the series , except for perhaps the one where some characters joined the circus -LRB- and we spent 300 pages hearing about it -RRB- .
 This book continues Jordan 's attempt to use 900 pages of text to get you noplace . The story has stalled over the last book or two , and I find myself not caring what happens to anybody . . and Jordan is so vague in what does happen to his characters that sometimes you do n't know . I 'm so tired of the bad guys slipping out the back door , or `` maybe '' being killed ... just kill one , so we can feel that the 900 page lead in was worth it.Give up on all the Jr. . High behavior between the Aes Sedai and Mattrim ... tired ... Liven up the action , strengthen the cause and DO SOMETHING!Okay , I 'm off to read the next version of Jordan 's Dictionary -LRB- words in random order , simulating sentences -RRB- ... I just want it to end . .
 This book is just a continuation of a plot which has been inane at least since book 5 . Some previous reviews raved about the superb characterization which even the likes of Tolkein could not achieve . I guess I agree that he has done a fair share of characterization , although there seem to be many duplicate characters in the story , and all of the characters come across as 10 year olds trapped in large bodies . Before even reading the information about the author , I could tell that he was a male war veteran , because of the chauvenistic description of intergender relations , as well as the decent description of warfare and bias towards physical appearance in judging a characters worth . Nynaeve , Morgase , Moiraine , and the women Forsaken seemed the most independent females in the series at its inception , yet now they have either become simpering whining subservient lovers , the epitome of evil , or `` dead . '' As for comparing Jordan to Tolkein , Tolkein was clearly a scholar of unparalelled skill in the subtleties of symbolism in characterization , which is evident in his revolutionary essay on Beowulf . If you need someone to pound characterization into you because you are too lazy to study and examine the intricacies of the characters yourself , then RJ is the perfect person for the job . Tolkein was a master of subtlely , so if you examine and think , you will see that he created much richer and realistic personas than RJ 's , not to mention more taseteful ones . RJ is not a master of characterization , he 's not even a good characterizer , and is worse in this book than in any of its predecessors . For good characterization , read Tolkein , Charles Dickens while you 're at it , and then spend the time to open a critical eye on their works . As for the flippant horrid 90210esque plot , a long tangled plot can be interesting if everything an integral part of the work . RJ 's plot certainly does not fall into this category , as can be seen by the fact that he could have dispensed with the whole search for the weather bowl , and most of A Crown of Swords in the process . He is lacking something called artistic unity , not suprising for someone who is the John Grisham of Fantasy , and has little talent as an artist on the whole . People may say I could just have burned his books and never read them again , and I agree . However , he wasted my time in the first place , especially by misleading me into thinking that he was a decent writer at the beginning of the series , and I hold my time valuable . In all , this is one of the biggest time-waster reads of the past year , and if you do n't like to waste your time , I recommend skipping this book and probably the rest of the series at this rate .
 Judging from the stack of reviews , there 's no middle ground . Either the reviewers want to crown Jordan `` King of Fantasy '' or they want to abandon him for his betrayal of the promise shown in the first books of this series . I stand in the latter group . For all of those reviewers who gave this a 10 , try reading George RR Martin 's `` A Game of Thrones '' to see how a well written story is crafted.Having once been an enthusiasitc devotee , I can not believe how rudderless this story has become . Subplots and multiple character perspectives once gave depth and texture , now they bore and irritate . There are fundamentals of story telling like pacing and balance that have been cast aside while RJ belabors every loose thread of the pattern.The dialog has become repetitive and the characters wholly predictable . Nothing moves forward until the very end , when , with the sudden realization that he better deliver some bang for the readers ' bucks , he has Rand face off with a Forsaken and the Seanchan arrive in true deus-ex-machina fashion.After book six , I vowed to wait until the paperback comes out . For book eight , I 'll go to the library.This Wheel of Time badly needs an alignment .
 Like pearls in an ocean , this is what it is like to read this book . Pearls are beautiful jewels , but they are surrounded by trillions of gallons of worthless seawater . Mr. Jordan has some brief sections of his book which are very exiting and fun to read . Unfortunately , one must plow through tons of pages filled with meaningless descriptions of how everyone is dressed , descriptions also of endless random thoughts of the various protagonists which ultimately have nothing to do with plot or character development . I bet I know why Jordan has done this . His publisher likely can charge more for the sequels if they are of a given length . Mr. Jordan develops a plot , which is not really detailed enough to satisfy the publisher 's demand for novel length . Eagar to please his publisher , Mr. Jordan fills 90 % of the novel with random thoughts and description . This really would have been a good book , if it were about one fourth as long , and filled with more `` pearls '' , without so much `` seawater '' . I wish Mr. Jordan and his fans a more bejeweled future in the upcoming novels .
 Right . The average rating & rave reviews given here for Crown of Swords is understandable considering that anyone not enamored with Robert Jordan 's writing would surely have forsaken the series long ago.Well , I 'm the exception it seems . I ca n't stand Jordan 's writing style
 these books are getting redundant . i like fantasy and all but a writer is in trouble when his best charater is the setting . i thought the first 3/4 books showed promise and some good writing but now i am reading them simply because there is little else new fantasy worth reading
 Reading `` A Crown of Swords '' has convinced me to give up on `` The Wheel of Time '' series . Indeed , I feel like a fool for sticking with it this long . I had hoped that Jordan would finally start moving on the underlying story line of this series -- namely , the final confrontation between Rand and the forces of darkness . However , it looks like this is n't going to happen any time soon . Character and plot development -LRB- or even subplot development ! -RRB- are negligible . Instead , `` ACOS '' contains a great deal of irrelevant description that does not advance the story . By the time the final climactic battle occurs -LRB- in book 35 at the current pace -RRB- , who will care ? More to the point , how could it possibly live up to this kind of buildup?Maybe I should stick to short novels like `` War and Peace '' from now on
 Jordan is progressively getting worse . The first 3 books of the series started very well-tightly written , well-paced with page-ripping suspense . Since then , the story just deteriorated , culminating with this bomb of a book . Jordan is ripping the readers off . His 640-page book could have been at least halved . Book 7 has made no significant progress in the storyline . At the rate he 's going , Jordan will need Book 20 to finish if off . What is he doing ? Filling in the blanks ? I 'm beginning to suspect he 's trying to get bigger bang for his bucks.It 's a shame . He really has many original ideas . I felt cheated
 All of the Wheel of Time books -LRB- in paperback ; I 'm poor -RRB- are sitting on my shelf in a tidy row . So why , when I 'm looking for something familiar to read in bed or in the tub , do I reach instead for Tepper , Cherryh , Le Guin , Zelazny , Moorcock?The answer is that this series is getting tired . Jordan has severely lost the focus that made the first three books so good , and I wonder how he 's ever going to tie up all these loose ends . Or will he take the sloppy way out and leave them hanging ? Certainly that happens in real life , but it makes for sloppy fiction.This book has some funny moments and interesting plot twists , but that 's about it . Jordan has also lost his grasp of his female characters , who are in severe danger of being reduced to one-dimensional bitches . Although I did rather enjoy Elayne 's triumph in , what was it , chapter 30 ? These books need more moments like that , and fewer throwaway characters , mysterious plots and petty squabbling
 The reading gets more and more ponderous as the series plods along . Plods along , though , denotes movement forward , and like a sinking ship in calm water , this storyline really has n't progressed as much as begun to sink . Jordan has way too much time on his hands if he ca n't condense his 700 pages into a more meaningful , active and concise storyline . I have a feeling he gets paid by the word from his publishers . The Wheel of Time just keeps spinning and spinning and spinning yanking its readers up and down like a yo-yo . I will not go back
 I quickly read the first 5 books in this series and started reading Path of Daggers some months ago . In the beginning I was interested and could n't wait to get to the next book in the series . However , I was unable to finish Path of Daggers ... since as the series developed , the author seemed to be dragging out every event so that the series has now become boring and repetitive . He does n't mention some of the older characters while intoducing newer ones . I want to know what is happening to the main characters from the 1st 3 books and I am not going to invest my time or money in 6 or 7 more books to find out . I have become extremely disillusioned with this author and his series .
 I think this series is misnamed . Instead of the `` The Wheel of Time '' , I think it should be called `` The Never Ending Story '' . The first 4 books were truly outstanding . Robert Jordan was one of the few authors I could justify buying in hardback edition . Books 5 and 6 were still fairly good , but the story was beginning to get bogged down . This book is the first in the series I did n't like at all . Out of habit , I bought book 8 but the idea of reading another of those 40 + page , boring , and in most cases irrelevant prologues was enough to give me a headache . I 'm not reading any more of this series . Sometime in the distant future , if I live so long , this series may come to an end . I 'll read the last book just to se how things end up . As for the rest of the books , I 'll wait for the Reader 's Digest version or for the Cliff Notes .
 No , that summary probably is n't very original , but I do n't care . `` The longer the better '' ? Whatever.Actually , if book 7 conveyed the feeling of something actually happening , of plot devices advancing -LRB- as opposed to just one device
 `` This is the lowest rating I have given any of the books of the series . I liked the book , but I do n't really think that anything happened in it . Rand fights one of the Forsaken , but we are not sure if that one is dead at the end of the fight . '' That was what I said when I first reviewed this book three years ago . From further research , I have since discovered that this book was the first to not be fully edited after the author had written it . I think much of the angst and frustration that the author received over book ten he should have received over this one . It is the same old formula of a Forsaken dead every so many books , but now the formula was old and trite , and poorly edited by the author , as well as being the first of the Unedited Volumes by the publisher . Initially , I gave this a four star rating because of the introduction of Cadsuane , but after reviewing , rethinking and re-reading , I had to change mine opinion . Both as a stand alone , and as part of the series , book seven can only be considered a stop-gap , one that we had to wait for and after the first six volumes , one that was not very satisfying . COT is not the worst book of the series , COS is .
 Robert Jordan is the undisputed hack , and dick tease of fantasy and science fiction history . When reading his books one gets the opinion that he sits at his computer for a year and prints everything that he types in during that time . One of the other reviews of this book suggests that Jordans character development is superior to Tolkein , Tolkein had a thing called subtlty , by the end of the Lord of the Rings one had an intimate knowledge of the characters , Robert Jordan has spent Buddha knows how many pages shoving so much information down our throats that if you did n't know what sort of characteristics the characters had you would have to be a blind monk living in some outer province of Mongolia . Tolkein was a composer who 's work is a masterpiece which had brilliant imagery , when Sam and Frodo climbed Mount Doom the reader was there with them . In conclusion Jordan is tradesman who should employ a decent editor to cure his severe case of literary diaheroa
 Let me start by saying that I love Jordan 's work . The wheel of time world is very well crafted and interesting , the characters well developed . The best part of this series has always been the ordinary characters , folks we can all relate to , who rise above their droll lives to really make a difference in the pattern , something we all long to do.There are some great parts to this book , but Jordan 's characters begin to get clich&eacute; . It appears that Jordan is loathe to change his characters and allow them to appear complicated and multifaceted or duplicitous , as if personality were a linear construct that develops only along a set of well defined traits , but never really matures or changes -LRB- just becomes more `` powerful '' -RRB- . Instead , he tries to make up for the banality of the main characters by continually introducing new characters and subplots , which appear to get increasingly bizarre and difficult to really relate to as the series emerges.VAGUE MINOR SPOLERS FOLLOWThe worst part of this book is the ending . Rand becomes a complete idiot along the lines of the Friday the 13th victim who is too stupid to turn on the light or not go into the tool shed where the sharp objects are kept . Yet , he is saved from his stupidity by yet another mysterious character who of course shows up in the MOST unlikely place in just the nick of time.I want to give Jordan the benefit of the doubt because this started out as easily one of the best series I 've read . I hope to read that it has returned to that in reviews of books further along .
 This is the most disappointing book yet of the series . I hate to spoil all the surprises , but here I go : - The Aes Sedai are still so arrogant and annoying that you actually start hoping they 'll all be stilled . Better yet , collared and whipped mercilessly . All hail the Seanchan ! - Rand , Mat , and Perrin continue to regard women as The Grand Mystery of the Universe . Not to mention them acting like a bunch of chaste catholic school girls about sex . Well , with women anyway . Maybe Two Rivers is a place where the sheep are more nervous than the women . Come on guys grow a pair or get out of the closet already . - Infinitely more insignificant characters are introduced that you will never remember if you spend any time between this book and the next . Do n't worry , none of the assistants to the Assistant Peon are relevant . - For all the women with low cut attire and men running around with swords , where 's the senseless violence or gratuitous sex ? Someone kill somebody already ! Not even much sensible sex and necessary violence . Even Rand 's one duel with another blademaster is over before it begins , with a remarkable lack of description . Tragic - These books are getting cookie-cutter . Hmm , only 5 or so Forsaken left ... and 4 more books ? Gosh , who could possibly get killed in the last chapters of this and the next 4 books ? Rand skulks around talking to himself . A Forsaken plots against Rand . Rand kills Forsaken . - Just skip the last chapter and make up your own climax , you 'll probably be more satisfied than with what Jordan wrote.If , like me , you have concluded that the majority of Jordan 's writing is fluff , just start skimming for dialog , you wo n't miss anything important and it will trim this book down from 855 pages to about 55 pages .
 I will admit that I was enthralled from the first this series . I enjoyed the first two to the point where I just bought the next six so I would n't have to wait . But when I finished six I realized that the characters had been becoming more and more annoying as the story went on . The women are untrustworthy and as a general rule too full of them selves . Now I have nothing against strong female characters , some of my favorite books center around strong women , but these women just make you want to tear out pages of their Nonsensical bickering . I found myself counting the pages till their chapter was over or even considering skipping them all together . The male characters are weak and forever repeating I wish i understood girls like my two friends . As if the annoyance of the characters and the droning on about unimportant things such as what Random Aeil # 1 is wearing wasnt enough the story gos NOWHERE !! Literally almost nothing relevant happens . I struggled to find something , anything that would restore my joy in reading an amazing series but I found nothing to restore my faith . I even tryed listening to an audiobook on the chance that listening was n't as bad . I WAS WRONG ! IT WAS WORSE ! I ca n't struggle through another book like this and from the reviews i 've seen it appears I wo n't be waisting my time.Another amazing series gos the way of the dodo .
 sections from the crown of swords to the crossroads of twilight , meaningful to the orginal story , can be contained in one single book ! the rest is all about hair tugging , description of clothes , anotomy etc. robert jordan is probably dead - the publishers are milking it for all it is worth !
 I love fantasy books and I have been reading the WoT series since the first book . I loved the fantasy action and the whole setting of the first 6 books . However , I think that through the entire book there were very few events of significant value . The first few books were amazing and the plot is fast-paced and exciting . This book slows it down which it rather unfortunate . I hope that the 8th book isnt like that , the Light Willing !
 I was disappointed in the seventh book the first time . Now I ca n't even read it through . It 's very hard for a former Robert Jordan maniac to admit that I 've gotten over a world I 've been in love with for almost two years . First of all there 's the slow disintegration of character . You do n't notice it the first time - or even the second . But then it seeps in . I LOVED Nynaeve in the first book . I still liked her in the second . In the third I got a little annoyed . By the fifth , she had turned into a braid pulling , futile little baby , which seems to be a trend for the rest of the females in the series . I still like Elayne , though I wonder how long that will last . Min ... forget it . And did you notice that every single woman in power has been lowered ? Morgase does nothing but feel her heart pound when Tallanvor comes near , Siuan cleans Gareth Bryne 's shirts . Min simpers for Rand ... Is it my imagination , or is something seriously wrong here?As for plot . Yup , good old plot . Remember that something like that used to exist ? Remember when once-upon - a-time what happened in the books made a difference ? I mean , it actually led somewhere * gasp * . Does anyone remember Slayer ? Or Luc ? Or Mazrim Taim ? Or Demandred ? Does anyone remember when something more meaningful happened rather then `` The Bath '' ? And I 'm sick and tired of hearing how guilty Rand is feeling all the time . Or how Perrin is too obtuse to know how to deal with his wife -LRB- though Faile is one of the biggest pains in history -RRB- . While it made me like them the first time , I can now repeat every single one of their speeches after seeing one word . You just have to guess if its the `` I 'm so guilty and the mountain is awfully heavy '' or `` why are they bowing to me I 'm just a farm boy '' or my very favorite - lets not forget it - `` Are All Women Crazy '' and `` I 'm Never Going To Understand Women . '' That 's no surprise , considering the author does n't . And considering the fact that these women 's main goals in life seems to be to confuse the men -LRB- except when they 're thinking about how gorgeous they are -RRB- . I mean , after all , what else does a girl have to do with her life ?! I do n't consider myself a radical feminist , but I 've had enough . I 'm planning to give the eighth book a chance , if only for old times sake -LRB- it IS hard to drop an obsession -RRB- , but if it repeats the pattern , I 'm going to get rid of every Robert Jordan I have , and be ashamed of ever having read this junk . Some holes in a pattern ca n't be repaired .
 *** 2.5 stars *** Oh well -- it looks as if the exciting Lord of Chaos was an anomaly , as Jordan is back to excruciatingly slow pacing , wasted space , and not much of anything going on . In fact , the first 500 pages of this 850 page book could have taken 100-150 pages if Jordan had any idea how to write succinctly . Here is a plot summary of those first 500 pages
 In my last review , I told everyone that the book was great and everyone should read it . Yeah , it is good mostly , but the storyline stretches , and strecthes , and it seems that it finally broke . While reading the books , I always skipped the fill-in stories and went to the chapters about Rand himself . Yes , Jordan 's a great writer ; yes , the books were good ; but only if you like side stories , arrogance , the x-files , and if you do n't have a brain larger than the size of a pea .
 Well well well , is Robert Jordan going gaga or is it cash tills ringing in is ear.About all that can be said about Jordans dithering is that he is gradually reducing this once great story to an overlong description of the background sceenery.Please please please get the story back on track
 But there 're too many of them and they do n't seem to get tied together very well . There are too many new characters to begin with and too many new ones being introduced . And with Rand 's gargantuan task of uniting all the countries , I have little patience for the unnecessary dialogue and constant bickering.I could n't possibly care less about how pretty Rand 's buttocks are , or how the set of some unnecessary character 's nose keeps him/her from being good looking ; and I 'm tired of reading about how men and women wo n't ever understand each other and the inevitability of Nynaeve , Elayne and Egwene bickering with one another . That bit with Mat and Queen Tylin -LRB- another useless character -RRB- was disgusting and something I did n't need to read .
 To keep it short , there are too many characters doing too little in the story.It lacks the motion of the first books and is clogged down in too much detail . I think the writer fell in love with his own characters and somehow lost track of a great story he was trying to tell .
 I bought this book thinking that it would be as good as the rest . It came nowhere close . The book was difficult to read , full of information that we really did not need to know , and just plain uninteresting . I am going to wait until the last book of this series comes out before I even consider picking up another one of the Wheel of Time books .
 I have been reading fantasy for a very long time . At the beginning I enjoyed any piece of trash that masqueraded as fantasy but now I have become more discerning . Robert jordan began his series adequately well but he seems to have lost it along the way . I personally feel that ACOS was just a means to elicit the hard earned cash from starved fantasy readers . This book definately is not worth the paper it is printed o
 In Tolkein 's books there are subplots , stretches of character development that do not involve apocalyptic battles , and little unfinished businesses that leave you wondering `` what if '' . These elements are also present in Mr. Jordan 's books . Unfortunately while one can remember almost all of Tolkein 's characters , plots , sub plots , battles , allegories and landscape , only a few salient details of Mr. Jordan 's books remain memorable through the interminable course of his series.Those readers faithfully purchasing each of Mr. Jordan 's books when they appeared in hard cover , due to the fact that his first three books showed such promise , should be credited with a great deal of faith . That promise has not been realized . His most recent book is an indication of a writer who has lost his vision . The original thrust of his plot has deteriorated into multiple competing sub plots with a plethora of unnecessary characters that are , at best , loosely linked together . There has also been a considerable dilution of the strength of the characters . One begins to wonder if it would not be better to separate the stories of the three friends that made up the core of this series into three separate series . This approach has proven to be successful , at least for a short while , for successful television sitcoms and soap operas.Without a doubt Mr. Jordan has produced a prodigious amount of writing during this series . One would hope that if writer 's fatigue or greed has fueled this sorry excuse for a novel , his gentle readers ' reactions would encourage him to either wait and publish a book that encourages his readers to continue purchasing the series or bring the series to a quick and merciful death.One fears that that the saga , so brilliantly begun , will be spun into a literary limbo . Either option mentioned above would be preferable to the current situation
 Wow , A Crown of Swords , what a snoozefest ! I 'd rather read Kenneth Starr 's 455 + page investigation of the Clinton-Lewinsky scandal . At least I know that THAT story would contain some action . That said , I do n't really have much to say about A Crown of Swords . Most people realize that this site , featuring amazon customer reviews of Jordan 's most recent books , is little more than a message board . I doubt there 's a novice reader out there who 's really scanning these reviews in order to make a purchasing decision . Nevertheless , for whoever 's interested , I 'll sum up the book quickly
 After spending a lot of time with this series , I have finally given up on The Wheel of Time.Robert Jordan frustrates me . You spend more time reading about what the characters are thinking rather than actually getting any of the plot resolves . Furthermore , the story goes into POVs that really , REALLY do n't need to be done.One would think that if you are this far in the series , you should have a broad knowledge of what 's going on . But RJ does not think so . He goes on once again to describe every single city and enviroment again and again and again . I mean , how many times can you describe Tel ` aran ` rhiod?Sadly , I 've given up and will no more force myself to finish these books . If you 're looking for something fast-paced , something that will work your mind and not bore you with long descriptions about how some random hawk is flying around , then do not go any further .
 What the hell is wrong with Robert Jordan ? I personally think he should do us all a favour and re-write LoC so that that skirmish at the end becomes Tarmon G'aidon and end the pathetic series there and then ! Book Seven was the biggest wank I have ever read and I would have given it a ' 0 ' if ' 1 ' had n't been the lowest rating . What is the deal with every single woman being a carbon copy of the next ? Who the hell gave him the idea that all men think alike and all women think alike ? Why are all the female characters so unpleasant ? Being female myself , I want to like them and I want to take their side in the battle of the sexes but why the hell do they keep winning with arguments that hold about as much water as a seive ? The worst one of the series so far and I have the feeling this series is going to keep on rolling downhill into the Pit of Doom . Is n't worth the paper it 's written on !
 I really enjoyed the first three books of the Wheel of Time . In fact I thought they were excellent . Book 5 was horrible , but Lord of Chaos -LRB- book 6 -RRB- was another fine installment . Then we come to book 7 . Truly pathetic . Looking for the tight writing and engaging style of the previous books ? Looking for some real plot development and character growth ? Then do n't look at this book . Nothing happens . That 's right , in a 700 + page book , nothing happens ! The story does n't move forward . It is filler material , nothing more . Robert Jordan should have been embarrassed to have ever seen this monstrosity go to print . I can only hope that future installments recapture the quality of past ones .
 This series started so well , and I enjoyed book 6 Lord of Chaos even though some claim that was the book Jordan decided to just stop progressing the story line at all . But this one , simply bored me from start to finish with the exception of the parts actually involving Rand.The Elayne and Nynaeve searching for a bowl plot was dull in book 6 , and really was painful to struggle through at times in this one . Quite how that plot has lasted over two books is ridiculous , especially considoring it seems to take up two thirds of this one whilst the only things that happens is Jordan introduces a bucket load of useless characters.Whilst there is also several chapters from the point of view of Egwene that seemingly offer absolutely nothing to the story , yet there was three or four of them in a row to be struggled through near the start of the book . Did it really take 3 chapters to tell us they had left their village and started north , and that people still treated Egwene as a child.Even the plot that follows Rand in this book , and there is precious little of it , is dull . He seemingly does nothing for the first two thirds of the book . Whilst then despite building up to it for about three books worth of useless chapters , he eventually goes and defeats Sammael in the same amount of lines as Jordan has used solely telling us Nynaeve was pulling her braid.I 'm still making my way through the series , and will read book 8 as I really enjoyed the first 6 , but if it as bad as this one I wo n't be reading on further in the series .
 My reviews of The Wheel of Time novels are getting just as repetitive as the actual books . There 's really not much more to say . A Crown of Swords is another long slow installment in which there are too many detailed descriptions of clothing , references to spanking , concerns about bosoms , and people blushing . There are pages and pages which chronicle secondary characters ' extensive internal thoughts . But what bugs me most , though , are the constant depictions of people and places as if they have a corporate personality : `` Men strutted arrogantly along the streets with often ragged vests and no shirts , wearing great brass hoops in their ears and brass finger rings set with colored glass , one knife or sometimes two stuck behind their belts . Hands hovering near knives , they stared as though daring someone to give the wrong twist to a look . Others skulked from corner to corner , doorway to doorway with hooded eyes , imitating the slat-ribbed dogs that sometimes snarled from a dark alleyway barely wide enough for a man to squeeze into . Those men hunched over their knives and there was no way to tell which would run and which stab . By and large , the women made any of the men appear humble , parading in worn dresses and twice as much brass jewelry as the men . They carried knives too , of course , and their bold dark eyes sent ten sorts of challenge in every glance ... Children darted from every second door with chipped pottery cups of water , sent by their mothers in case the Wise Women wished a drink . Men with scarred faces and murder etched into their eyes stared openmouthed at seven Wise Women together , then bobbed jerky bows and inquired politely if they could be of assistance , was there anything that required carrying ? Women , sometimes with as many scars and always eyes to make Tylin flinch , curtsied awkwardly and breathlessly asked whether they might supply directions , had anyone made a bother of themselves to bring so many Wise Women ? `` If I found myself in this place , I 'd think it was The Twilight Zone!I will say , however , that someone must have told Mr Jordan to quit with the braid yanking , because Nynaeve seems to be attempting to stop the habit . Now , if we could just get all of those ladies to stop adjusting their clothes every time they feel any sort of negative emotion ... and I 'll be happy on the day that an Aes Sedai can walk down the street without making someone flinch , cringe , jump , squeak , drop something , or run away.With all this detailed description , there 's not much time for action . There are only a few significant plot developments . The most important one is an event which we 've been waiting for for the last 3 books -LRB- at least -RRB- which finally occurs very quickly and anti-climatically in the last chapter of this book . But , if you 've read this far into The Wheel of Time , that 's no surprise , is it ? And , if you 've read this far , you feel like it 's too late to stop now , do n't you?I 'm listening to this on audiobook -LRB- no patience for the print versions -RRB- and I should mention that Michael Kramer and Kate Reading are amazing readers . After all this time , I suppose these characters are almost like family to them , and they 've got the personalities down perfectly . Their voices and additions of droll humor really instill some much-needed life into these novels .
 I love fantasy books and I have been reading the WoT series since the first book . I loved the fantasy action and the whole setting of the first 6 books . However , I think that through the entire book there were very few events of significant value . The first few books were amazing and the plot is fast-paced and exciting . This book slows it down which it rather unfortunate . I hope that the 8th book isnt like that , the Light Willing !
 Jordon seems to be wandering through much of this book . Neither the protagonists nor the antagonists are further developed . As slow as the build up is , the end comes abruptly just when you thought it should climax , leaving the reader hanging . I imagine Jordon 's original draft was too long and the book publisher said cut it in two and sell two books .
 Just when things were starting to get really good Jordan writes a mediocre book -LRB- Crown of Swords -RRB- . It almost seems as if he 's gotten bored with the series , and such a great series deserves more attention , and respect to its readers . I am definitely interested in the coming book but will not run out to buy the hard cover .
 After book 4 the series begins to meander around . Characters are constantly side-tracked into meaningless , boring tasks . The first 200-300 pages of this book are basically a re-hash of the previous books only excitement -LRB- Rand 's capture and escape from the `` bad witches '' -RRB- seen from different characters perspectives . This is an example of what writing becomes when the author obviously has no idea of where the story is going , and there obviously is little or no editing . The author must being paid by the word count and not the content . The story seems to get written into little boxes , and has to be written back on track again and again . I no longer have the patience to actually read each page . I find myself skimming through to find some useful information or a single point of action . The characters have also stalled out with Rand spending most of his time talking to him-self while the world goes to hell . His big secret plan to quickly deal with one of the forsaken -LRB- started in the previous book -RRB- continues to drag on and on and on ... . This series had a good basic story . Unfortunately you have to wade through crap to try and find it . I 'm beginning to wonder if the series will ever end .
 Once again robert jordan shows us that you can write volumesand not say anything at all . Little progress is made again inRand 's quest to beat the dark one . Also more charactersare introduced ! I would think rj would try to resolve issues withthe ones we know about first . Oh yea , Egwene 's little band travels a total 10 milesduring the whole of book 7 .
 Just the 3 first of the serie are somehow worth the reading . Following the readers review I bought straight the 9 first books . What a mistake . the Game of Thrones or even Sword of truth series are far better than the Wheel of time serie . It is as if Robert Jordan is paid by the line like the french writers from the 19th century , Balzac , Flaubert etc. . . So far I have finished 1 to 7 . From the 4th -LRB- till 7th -RRB- they just are impossible to finish . Like chewing branflakes forever and being unable to swallow it.I really regret I went further the third.Do not make my mistake unless slow rythm and low level action is what you seek.Robert Jordan has also the gift for beginning threads of stories with no intention of closing them , creating new characters without really caring to give them substance , depth or real influence on the plot.My recommendation
 This has to be the most disappointing book that I have ever read . Why ? Because after waiting so long for this book to be published it was so badly written that I found myself actually angry at the author . He ignores his own rules , eliminates major characters with barely a sentence worth of explanation , and spends much of the book simply covering ground we 've already covered in the previous book . Before this book I would have said Jordan was one of the greats in fantasy but now I am convinced that he simply does n't know where he is going with his story .
 If I had n't already read the book I would not have been able to figure out what was happening , because the abridgement hacked up the story so badly . The reader is a different person than the male/female team who did the first five books , and he pronounced everything so differently -LRB- names , places , foreign words and phrases -RRB- that I could n't recognize the characters . In addition , his mis-phrasings had a tendency to alter the meaning of conversations he was reading . It was like he did not rehearse it at all . I only got this because there was no unabridged version available , and it was a waste of time and money to get this abridged version .
 ... of about 6,000 pages that never ends . My suggestion is that if you must read this series you check it out from the library . Sure you 'll have to wait longer , but you 'll be relieved when you 're done that you did n't shell out your hard earned cash for a wheel that seems as if it will never stop .
 The series seems to have been slowing down since about book # 3 - but I have kept it up just because I really wanted to know what happened to all of the characters -LRB- especially Perrin , who has been neglected -RRB- . After struggling through this book , I swore not to read any more , to stop wasting my time and to read something with a moving story . A friend of mine bought `` Path of Daggers '' , I looked at it and thought `` Why not ? '' , then decided I just could n't waste another 3 or 4 or 5 months reading a book I just did n't care about any more . I am one fan he has lost . People like me and other fans got him to where he is . How can he do this to us ? But that 's ok , I do n't even care any more .
 This started out as a great series . Good plot , great characters etc. . Somewhere along the way -LRB- to the bank -RRB- Robert Jordan lost the way . The series plods along and no progress is made . The characters become more annoying -LRB- why is it that all female characters are spoiled , petulant and annoying -RRB- ? In Crown of Swords Robert Jordan bores us to tears with over 700 pages of drivel to what end . All this will continue while they nail Jordans coffin shut .
 I 'm sorry but even though I love this series TOLKIEN does better than the book that is advertised above . I have been avidly awaiting the next part and though I 've bided my time I am now totally pissed ! Come on RJ ! Speed it up ! Pick up the Pace !!!!!!!!
 I must say that I was dissapointed at the dull storyline of this book . I have read the other books in the series 3 time each , but the path of daggers I could n't even get to the second to last chapter . I just hope for the sake of Robert Jordan 's readers that the next one can pick up where Crown of Swords left off . It focused too much on Rand , and the 3 Aes Sadai wannabes . The only reason this book was interesting was because of the mentions of the forsaken , and the brief references to Perrin , Mat , and of course , The Aiel . Sorry Mr. Jordan , better luck next time .
 I have enjoyed this series and , I still do . The problem is simply the flow of the story . Like most of you , I have been reading this series for years now . EVEN A STORY OF EPIC PROPORTIONS HAS TO END !! I am starting to feel like I 'm watching old re-runs of Giligans Island or Lost in Space . Rand just ca n't seem to make it to the last battle . The sad thing is that I will finish this series because I 'm hooked . Do you realize , if you have purchased all of the books so far , your into this over $ 70 !
 I had a very hard time reading this novel . After the third try I did a quick read . -LRB- I skipped paragraphs I thought were n't necessary . -RRB- The problem is the three know it all witchs -LRB- Aes Sedai -RRB- . I do n't like any of them.When are the characters in this series going to grow-up . The only one I give a hoot about is Perrin , and he is not in the series enough.I 'm sorry , but A Crown of Swords was just to slow.I realize it 's a tie to the next book in the series , but could n't it have been a little more interesting.Your starting to lose me Mr. Jordan ... Tom Shalifoe
 I 'm sorry , but I could have just as well skipped this edition . It did n't contain anything new or interesting . I was very shocked by the lack of action , having been so taken away by the earlier novels . I will certainly wait and read the reviews of the next novel , before purchasing it . Wish I had checked this page earlier .
 Jordan never writes a paragraph when a chapter will do . Although there is enough plot in A Crown of Swords for a novel , there is n't enough for four , although it has enough pages . I 've found myself plodding through Jordan 's work before , and normally he includes enough of a plot to keep me entertained , but this book can only be seen as adequate in the context of the series .
 Between the constant whining and ramblings of the main characters to the cheap filler in the pages ... this book has trully brought what was a great series ... to its knees . I hope Mr. Jordan can turn it around and do the last books like the first books ... or this series will end with a `` whimper '' and not with a `` Bang '' as it should . Get the story moving again Robert ! And lets get on with the show !!! I only hope great authors like George R. R. Martin and others ' works do n't begin to take a TOO much of a toll on the fall from grace Jordan is taking .
 To rest on one 's laurals is to write the later installments of the wheel of time series . I feel like I have been taken for a buggy ride ... at my own expense . Stick to the earlier parts because they are something else .
 While Nynaeve tugged her braid , Elayne smoothed her skirts and Egwene folder her arms under her breasts , all of them wishing Rand , Mat , Perrin and/or Lan were there so they could give them the rough side of their tongues and then take off their clothes to admire their pretty buttocks and so on.Meanwhile , Rand , ever mindful of the oily taint of saidin , wished he knew as much about women as Mat and Perrin did . Perrin , ever mindful of Faile 's constant nagging , wished he knew as much about women as Rand and Mat did . And Mat , freshly bedded at knifepoint by Queen Tylin , wished lhe knew as much , etc.Elsewhere , in Tear or somewhere , the cleavage was robust , the chamber pots were made of porcelain , the lace dresses with the little silver thingies in them were very pretty and the forked beards shone in the pale summer morning like flaxen straw or some crap . Earrings were bright and sparkly and horses wore intricate , ornate saddles and , and uh ... did I mention the cleavage and how firm and robust it was ? Darkfriends walked the streets and did ... things . Whitecloaks arrested anybody who said the word `` darkfriend '' and looked at them funny . Several Aes Sedai were stilled and then just as quickly unstilled ... then stilled again if they stepped out of line . Other Aes Sedai , meanwhile , searched high and low for various weather-altering kitchen utensils . And the Sean ` chean invaded every so often , just to keep things mildly interesting ... and stuff
 This series started off well enough . By book 4 the story was starting to lag a little bit , by book 5 the series was going downhill , and by book 6 the story had ground to a halt . Still , I was willing to give the series another chance , and I opened up volume seven with high hopes . Much to my dismay , I found that it was absolutely , astonishingly awful.For one thing , the story goes absolutely nowwhere . Rand is is still complaining , Elayne and Nynaeve -LRB- Light burn them ! -RRB- are still searching for supernatural kitchenware , and Perrin is still as boring as ever . Jordan tries to bulk up his tedious narrative with needless details . Who cares what Nynaeve is wearing!The female characters are even more annoying than ever . Elayne is the same chatering fool she was since book 1 , but now she is even more vexing since half the book focuses on her . Nynaeve tugs on her braid some 22,000 times during the course of the book . The female characters are seem to have the sane annoying personality . It seems like Jordan could n't write women if his ife depende on it.In short , avoid this book at all costs .
 This was the book where I finally gave up on the series . Some reviewers seem to believe those critical of this book , and the series as a whole , lack patience , or just want a hack-and-slash action novel . This is not the case for me , or a number of the other reviewers . Read Robin Hobbs ' series of books , then come back to these novels . Robin Hobbs ' novels are large , detailed , and in some of the books , have little action . However , that author knows how to create interesting , involving , rich characters who develop , drawing our empathy as we follow their changing personalities.Jordan 's characters do not develop . They are stuck in stasis , forever petty , stereotyped , incredibly annoying individuals . I cared for the first few books about the characters , but honestly , they just do n't learn . Their experiences do not develop them . In the end , the characters do not feel like living , breathing individuals , but instead are charicutures that are made to get a reaction from the reader.If you want world building , characterisation , and plot , read Steven Erikson , Robin Hobb , or read the Songs of Ice and Fire Series . If you want massive books with a degree of interest , read Tad Williams . I would strongly recommend that you not buy Robert Jordan past the fifth book .
 I figure I 'm about 5,600 pages into this series and while I 've been entertained , I must agree with the other 553 reviewers who range from `` I love it but it 's a bit wordy '' to `` For the Love of God move the story ! '' I 'm begining to feel taken advantage of . I 've never read a series that has both entertained and annoyed me so much , which is a testament to Mr. Jordan 's emotional connection with the reader . But everyone has a breaking point . After this much time and effort with relatively little payoff , I must encourage all new readers who are thinking of getting into this series to avoid it at all costs . And for those of us who are just too hooked to let go . Here 's hoping we all get to the promised land some day .
 I enjoyed books 1-6 . Crown of Swords is just what all the critiques say
 OK . I 'm having the same problem that about half of the reviewers here are having . I 'm getting EXTREMELY BORED with WoT . Robert Jordan is a great writer but he 's abusing his talents ! The story is getting so bogged down with details that I 'm starting to wonder if * he 's * forgetting some of them . It must be such a chore for him to keep track of his own writing ! -LRB- I find myself having that kind of trouble with the Breath of Fire fan fiction I 'm writing , and that 's only 200 pages so far ! But then again , I 'm not a professional writer , yet . -RRB- I loved the first two or three books in the series . The Eye of the World hooked me instantly . I was totally in love with the Aes Sedai and Warders -- so much so that I 've underwent the trials of becoming Aes Sedai myself ! -_^ But by The Shadow Rising I could tell WoT was starting to lose steam . It 's really too bad . The only saving grace of the seventh book is what happens with Nynaeve and Lan . They are the only reason I continued reading WoT , and I found myself disappointed constantly because their relationship is so neglected in the series ! I know most people hate Nynaeve but I think she has her charm . A better writer could 've made her endearing despite her faults , instead of overemphasizing those faults . : P
 Unfortunately , things seem to be going downhill for RJ , after the horrid release of COS. . There was so little substance , with events reoccuring to almost every character , and describied in monstrously long detail each and every time . Min all of the sudden wants Rand 's `` warm flesh ? '' When the hell did this appear , and why in Light 's name is it RJs style now ? Elayne and Nynaeve get a good laugh at Mat being relentlessly raped by Tylin , and I find that disturbing . No doubt I 'll read the next one , but there needs to be less pointless rape and more substance . This pattern of 900 pages of describing minor characters and then finishing with 20 pages of quick Chosen killing has to end . I pray to the Creator that it gets better ...
 I started this series kind of like wow this must actually tell what happens at the end ! I was sooooo wrong . I 've always been kind of mad at the end of fatasy books because i want to know what else happens to the characters . Now I know why they do n't tell you . I started this series with a shorter story about Lan and Moiraine in a compilation called Legends . So I thought this is absolutely a great series . And i kept up that optimistic attitude for the first 3,000,000 pages but it got old . i realized that I was hanging on for Lan and Moiraine 's sake and that this plot really blows ! I really do n't care about Rand -LRB- maybe Mat -RRB- And if I wanted a bunch of guy vs girl remarks I 'd be happy with the typical life of the American teen.So i apologize to authors -LRB- like Tamora Pierce -RRB- I got mad at for ending where they did and to them i say thanks you make books worth reading .
 Admittedly I have not read the entire book , but it is probably one of the more difficult books I have read in a while . I do not like books that come with their own dictionary of terms , people , places and events . If I read a book , I want to become absorbed in its words and imagery to fully enjoy the story , I do not want to have to flip to the back every other page to learn a new vocabulary word that is part of the fictional culture I 'm reading about . I have read some wonderful books that did not require the reader to learn a new culture or language , the authors were able to create an intriguing fantasy world with the language they have at hand .
 Another edition in the Wheel of Time series . Well worth the read . Robert Jordan has picked up where the Lord of the Rings left off . If you like reading a series this one will keep you busy enjoying the creative and fantastic world woven by Robert Jordan for quite some time . Start with the first book and settle in for an adventure that never gets tiring .
 i never recieved this book . nor did the seller contact me after i sent a message trying to find out where the book was .
 Hi !!! Hi again !!! Hi !!! I am half way through this book . It is incrddibly boring and annoying , especially that Elayne . She thinks she 's so all that and she 's so obsessed with herself that she does n't know what a -LSB- naughty person -RSB- she is . I would slap her right now . Bye !!! Bye again !!! Bye !!!
 The Wheel of Time series is `` New Age '' fantasy . Channeling , a new age technique , is the only form of magic in this series . The series GARBAGE ! I 've read much better fantasy than Robert Jordan . For example , Terry Goodkind 's Sword of Truth series is 100 times BETTER than the Wheel of Time ! I wasted my time reading the 1st 6 books , and I am glad I had the sense to stop there ! Do n't waste your money buying JUNK ! Do n't waste your time reading this JUNK !
 I have never terminated my reading of a fantasy series . Until now . What could have been one of the great masterpieces of fantasy has slowly run out of steam until it now appears that Mr Jordan is simply going through the motions for the sake of those royalty cheques . Mr Jordan go read a Guy Gavriel Kay novel and learn from a proper author.The trouble is Jordan 's caught in a no-man 's land . He 's trying to out-do Tolkien by creating a totally believable down to the last little detail fantasy universe . But he 's also trying to tell a story . YOU CA N'T DO BOTH AT THE SAME TIME ! Tolkien did n't try to do this so why does Jordan think he can?And what is it with the females ? All of Jordan 's female characters are a bunch of manipulative women who spend all day trying to totally emasculate the men - in between smoothing their skirts , tugging their braids and folding their hands under their breasts !! The ideas Jordan came up with are n't terribly new . But they have been sufficiently reworked so as to be enjoyable .
 After seven volumes of Nynaeve snatching her braided hair , I 'm sincerely beginning to hope that she either pulls it out by the roots or gets killed off !!!
 BORING , but full marks to Jordan . Not only has he written an epic adventure in the first 6 books of the ` wheel of time series ' , but he has managed to write rubbish for the seventh book and make a lot more MONEY . That in itself maybe admirable , but what a painful read . The first half of this book recounts the last chapter in book 6 . Eight might be my last book if the pace doesnt pick up .
 With the Crown of Swords , this series has hit rock bottom . It 's completely out of steam . Mr. Jordan 's prose is repetitive , his women characters are interchangeable and one-dimensional , same as his villains . The sexual timidity/coyness/insecurity of the `` couples '' grows tiresome after seven volumes . The plot here is badly constructed , more annoyance than suspense . Too many Deux ex Machinas . The payoff was hardly worth 800 + pages . I am done with this series . And so it seems is Mr. Jordan . He had a good thing going for a while there .
 I read the WoT series mostly because I was involved in an on-line rp game based on the books.I found the books to be moderately enjoyable fluff.All those readers who praise Jordan for his greatwriting skills should go out and read some real literature or even some good science fiction and fantasy to see what `` good writing '' means . Jordan has always been a master of hanging guns on the walls but none of them ever fires . Sometimes they emit a wheeze or a sniff . Example
 When I started reading _ The Wheel of Time _ , the series consisted of only two books , and I 've eagerly awaited each new release . I was never disappointed ... until now . As occasionally frustrating as Jordan and his penchant for loosening three threads for each one he tied up was , the plot moved along , the characters developed , and , simply put , things happened in the first six books . _ A Crown of Swords _ was doubly frustrating -- first , because I spent hours reading hundreds of pages that did none of the things I listed above -LRB- develop characters , move the series ' plot along , or , for that matter , even just tell an interesting story -RRB- and , second , because I 'd waited for a year and a half only to find out I 'll have to wait another year and a half to see the series develop.With the exception of a few things , this book could never have been written and the series would n't suffer . If I have to hear Nynaeve huff again or listen to someone gripe about silly men or cross her arms beneath her breasts or dress someone down with her hands on her hips or otherwise encounter any of the other actions , descriptions , or themes Jordan repeated ad nauseum here , I may just call it quits on what was once one of my favorite series.The Wheel of Time will never be on par with `` serious '' works like the Book of the New Sun or the Hyperion Cantos but it was , until this book , far and away the best of the more `` popular '' books like those by Eddings , Feist , and Brooks . With _ Crown _ , I 'm starting to feel as if Jordan knows he 's got a good thing going and is content to milk a couple extra books out of this series to ensure his family 's financial security forever . Move on , Robert ... you 've slowed down your release schedule , and we 'll live with that , provided you give us some reward for our patience .
 OK , For those of us masochists that have been waiting for the next installation of this interminable series that started with such promise , please let us know when we can plunk down 25-30 $ for the next installment of the Rand ` ca n't be a man ' , Mat ` when will he show his real power ' , White Tower ` man haters ' , show
 The latest , and worst of the series . Jordan and his Editor need to go on a long retreat together and get the series back on track.I truly do n't mind waiting for a good book . The series can recover from one lousy bookIt can not recover from multiple bad books.Tor has got to be willing to make Jordan rewrite -- not just write -- his books . And then they have to have an editor who 's willing to work to get the series on track , and finished .
 I admit that I 'm addicted - despite the s.l.o.w. progress , constant female bickering , and frequent fashion details . I want to see how this dang series ends ... will it?This particular installment of the Dragon et . al. left me feeling underwhelmed . The ending was a disappointment , but I 'll press on and order book 8 .
 each book in the series is worse , less plot , more emoting.Quit while you 're ahead
 When I first started this series of books sometime back in another age that became myth and then became legend -LRB- etc. etc. -RRB- I really enjoyed them . It 's hard for me to believe that now . I have just finished this one -LRB- at least 4 more to go - argh !! -RRB- and it is the most tedious so far . The only way I could get through it was by literally skimming the pages -LRB- sometimes * skipping * the pages -RRB- , stopping at the very rare bit that looked like it might catch my attention . Usually I was wrong though and it was not worth stopping and I could get back to skimming . My wife does n't know why I persist and at this stage I 'm not sure myself - just stubbornness I suppose . And at the heart of it I like the story . If only he had made a trilogy instead of a 12 -LRB- or so -RRB- - ology of it.I do n't even know why I 'm writing this review - if you have got this far in the series , there 's a good chance you 'll feel obliged like myself to try and finish it . But do n't feel like you 're missing much if you read it like I did - skimming over 90 % of it : -RRB- Maybe someone sometime will make a single summary novel out of it and it may become an enjoyable read again : -RRB- P.S. I have to agree with most people on Nynaeve , I almost wish the gholam had got her in this book ...
 This is getting ridiculous ! A Crown of Swords is just the same as Vol . II thru Vol . VI - Rand and friends wander aimlessly for three-fourth of the book , and fulfill another miniscule part of the prophecy ! Go read the Eternal Champions series by Michael Moorcock . It is far more entertaining and better written . On the bright side , at least Lan is back into the picture .
 First , the book was so long , and he never stops describing the characters , towns , villages and other various items untill it 's been blown way out of perportion . And next , too many twisting subplots to follow . He writes on one untill some actuall action happens -LRB- about 300 pages later -RRB- , then in the middle of the action , he starts on one that no one can even remember . Ironic , is n't it . At the rate he 's writing , hell be dead before the series is finished , and if he is n't , who will care about the climactic finish of him against the Dark One . I certainly wo n't . The story seams to be getting more and more subplots , without tying any of them off . The first few books were colorful , but then the passion is suddenly gone , with olny one book .
 I 've read every book in the Wheel of Time series , and the imagination is finally running out in `` Crown of Swords '' . Very little happens in this book , which merely extends -LRB- never resolving -RRB- his story lines and culminates in the predictable climactic battle whose ending is never final . The book also stretches events out to extremes . Conversations take pages to resolve , every shuffle of paper , every raspy sounding breath , is described in great detail . Having followed up this book by reading Tad Williams ' great `` Memory , Sorrow , and Thorn '' series , and George Martin 's `` Game of Thrones '' , I am wondering why I would ever return to a Book Eight of `` A Wheel of Time '' . There are simply far more entertaining and smart fantasy books out there . I hope Mr. Jordan feels the ponderous weight of what he has created , and I pray his next -LRB- and last ? -RRB- book in the series quickly moves his story toward the exciting and passionate conclusion that a series of this size , and its readers , deserve .
 I loved the first three installments of this series . However , as I plod through book seven , I have grown tired of the endless description of the clothing worn by the characters . The game of thrones intrigues me and I anticipate the coming of Tarmon Gai'Don , but , Mr. Jordan seems forget to focus on advancing the plotlines of his work to review regional fashions . I always eagerly anticipate the next installment of WoT , but this timeI have been let down by a lack of focus on plot development . It seems nothing is ever resolved , only prolonged .
 I have read the whole series so far and I loved the first three books . Most , up to this one , have been good . This installment lacks any substance . The ending seemed like it was thrown together to meet a deadline . Very disappointing . I enjoy a long book , but I feel it should at least capture my attention for some of it . I have talked to a few friends who have also read and enjoyed the series . Most feel , as I , that Robert Jordan has started dragging this out without much thought . I feel the reviews I have read are giving a review of the series , not this book . The series is good , but not this one . One could probably skip this one , and not miss a beat in the series . I 'll probably wait for two more books to be written in the series before I start reading again . The books are getting shorter in pages and much shorter in content .
 Jordan 's seventh book adds nothing to this endless stream of mass-market drivel . Most of the people who I know that started the series gave up long ago , as I now have . Jordan 's works are written in a manner remniscent of something my D&D buddies would have concocted after an all-night session back in eighth grade - which is appropriate , considering the target audience . Just think , the approximately four-star average review of this book was created from the opinions of those who liked Jordan 's previous works enough to drudge through the first six books . Factor in the large number of people who gave up on the series , and the average score would be far , far lower.And please quit comparing Jordan with Tolkien . Comparing those to is similar to comparing the Spice Girls with Mozart , Stephen King with Edgar Allen Poe , or ` Independance Day ' with ` Casablanca ' . In each case , the former is good clean fun , and a reflection of our time . The later are eternal .
 A Crown of Swords is a wonderful prelude to where this series is going -LRB- and has been headed for about 1,000 pages or so -RRB- ... nowhere.While not as utterly boring as Path of Daggers , Crown does not do much moving , save in the later parts of the novel . The character descriptions are the same as the ones you have read before - the females are all still annoying , braids are still tugged , ears are still boxed , and on and on.Just make believe that this is the last book in a tiring , stale series and drop it .
 Indeed , this is the beginning of the end . Well , actually , no , the end began about two books ago in the series . The hope was , it would pick up again ... it did not.Hey , in some ways this is the best one since the first two ... because it 's the shortest . But that 's about the only good thing about it .
 I glad I 'm not the only one with criticisms of these books . I feel a bit cheated by Jordan , I 've come too far now not to go to the end with this but the story has really become interminable . Leaving aside the repition -LRB- if you took out the word ` stout ' this series would be three books shorter !! -RRB- , infantile breast obessession , utterly inconsistant characters -LRB- e.g. strong women characters who suddenly decide they want to be dandled on some man 's knee and what the hell is ` dandled anyway ' -RRB- ... the thing that irks me most is why does virtually every character insist on jumping to conclusions about the others without a moments thought?I read thiat things getter better from about book 10 . I really hope so !!
 The plot was pretty well non-existant . The Character development was low and well , it was a basic waste of time . The rest of the series is okay however , and Path of Daggers makes some improvement
 Reading all the reviews already entered for this book made me itch to put my two cents in . Every reviewer either loved the book or was tired of the whole adventure . I am very firmly in the latter camp . This story is endless ! He 's seven books into this story and he 's still introducing new characters , he has plot lines that have been open since the first book -LRB- Padan Fain for one -RRB- and half the characters he 's killed may re-appear ... ENOUGH ! end it already . . And for those of you who compare this guy to tolkien I suggest you re-read tolkien and remember that he did it first -LRB- And in about 1/10 of the pages
 With any lengthy series you must expect some form of deterioration in regards to quality . As is the case with Jordan 's `` A Crown of Swords . '' But I did n't expect it to fall so dramatically . The editing was dreadful and the plot had little to be desired . Jordan seems to have lost interest in finishing this series or he has n't been spending the time on this series that he should be because of other obligations . The first couple of books in this series were so good that I literally could n't put them down . This book was just the opposite . I read it just to pass some time . The only thing that saved this book from getting a zero on my chart was Jordan 's ability to make the words jump right out and give me a vivid picture in my mind . Unfortunately I have this need -LRB- more like a curse in this case -RRB- to finish reading a series to the end . The way things look it seems I am going to be living through a slow death . I was truly disappointed with this book .
 The first six were excellent . This volume is a MAJOR disappointment . The next one looks to be the same .
 I love Robert Jordan . I read and re-read his books on a regular basis . I got book eight . I cleared a weekend for uninterrupted reading . I opened the book , I thought `` Why did he do THIS ? '' I was disappointed that the book did not cover its usual panoramic view of the world where the epic story is taking place . Several of the major storylines were not addressed . -LRB- How can you leave us hanging , Mr. Jordan ? -RRB- The book was short . -LRB- I know it is the around the same number of pages , but if you increase the font size and increase the margin width it hardly counts , does it ? -RRB- I have heard some odd rationalizations for this book . I was told that Robert Jordan was paid almost nothing for the first eight books , but that contract is over and now he is in it for the money . I am not sure what to think . I will buy book nine the day it comes out -LRB- I have to know what is happening -RRB- . But I hope that it is a better book than this one was . It would be an unfortunate end to a truly stellar series .
 I have enjoyed reading the series so far , but the last 3 books have moved so slow it is hard to keep up interest . Details of people and places are repeated so many times I find myself skimming over paragraphs . Character behavior also is frequently inconsistent , with people learning lessons but not responding to similar situations based on the lessons learned . Examples are beyond this simple review , but Nynaeve , Egween , and Mat are the biggest dissappointments . I would like to see more consistency in actions and more realistic human reaction .
 I 'm sure that by now someone writting a reviews that will say it 's the best book so far and that i 'm a loser and blah blah blah ... well you no what . . i do n't care ... if you want to say it 's the best book in the world . . well say it ... but do n't try to undermine our opinion ... I 've been reading fantasy now for 14 years and i ca n't remember how many books i 've read ... that does n'T make me the god of the review but let just say that i have a background that help ... . Now for the reviews ... well it 's long ... too long ... way too long . . if you look at the series you will see that it 's getting harder and harder to make yourself finish the book ... i had to start again 2 times with the fifth ... three times with number 6 and i do n't know how many times with the last ... but i can assure you . . i 've talk to my fellows reader and everyone agree with me ... we know Rand getting mad ... -LRB- for a long times now -RRB- ... so let 's stop talking about it . . get mad and be done !!! I do n't care now if he lose the final batlle . . at least it will be a surprise ... So that 's it . . if you want to buy it . . go ahead but let me tell you first ... the first quarter of the books is good that after that be ready to croos a long desert where there his no action -LRB- you know the i-cannnot-stop-reading-just-one-more-page . . -RRB- . . if you pack lot 's of water and make it to the last quarter ... you will be pleased . . it 's filled with action ... hope the number 8 will be the last . . even tolkien knew when to stop ...
 After having read the past 6 books just like any other Jordan fan I rushed to buy the seventh book even though it was still in hard book form when I bought it . Hey , I thought , atleast I can finally find out some more of the storyline . Well apparently plot was n't a priority in A Crown of Swords and neither was following up on the loose ends left over from the last novel . This book seemed to be more focused on pointless descriptions that have literally no place in this book and the more and more frequent sexual escepades . The story has sunk down to some awful soap opera , that like soap operas never seems to end . Well atleast the soaps have some intresting turns , but this book goes absolutely nowhere except for the last few pages where Rand just up and fights a Forsaken . Is Rand ever going to fight the Final Battle or is Jordan going to kick the bucket first ? Seriously if you want a really big disappointment then do n't hesitate to buy this book .
 I used to love this series . I loved the length and the depth of the characters . I am not complaing about how long the books are or that the story will go on for a long time . I am complaining becuase this book could be removed from the series and I do n't think anyone would miss it . This is not Jordan 's usual work . In previous books he seemed to dwell too long on some details but the story moved . My plan is to wait for book 8 to come out and then give it to my brother who just started the series without ever giving him Crwon of Swords . I am willing to bet with anyone that he wo n't even notice that it is missing .
 This was by far the worst book of the series . I first read The Eye of the World way back in 1990 , I was 10 YEARS OLD !!! Now as we enter into 1998 I wonder if Jordan will ever finish this series before the year 2000 . I have had to re-read the series each time a new book comes out to stay on top of things since Jordan writes so damn slow . I think I will just skip this book when I reeread the series . Does anyone know when book # 8 will appear in the stores ? If it is n't better I quit ! I have learned I valuable lesson from this series , wait till the author decide to finish before reading .
 As a loyal WOT reader it causes me great pain to write this but it must be done . This book shows what the series has become . Absolutely boring . I had to read this book inbetween my purchases of other books to even finnish it . The author needs to quit stalling to make a few bucks and finnish this series . I for one will not buy anymore in this series till it is finnished , and only then when there arent any of my other favorites out there to buy .
 Jordan slips further behind the true masters of the genre with this book . A HUGE scene involving Egwene conniving her way slowly into more power could have been cut to ribbons in order to restore the pace and development of the first four books . The same with pointless scenes such as the bath , or the endless details as to irrelevant minutae of characters lives . The first four books were NOT like this , and one gets the feeling that Jordan may be trying to stretch such plot as he has left into as many books as possible . The women ? A description of Myrdraal from LOC describes Jordans women fitly
 Between September of 1994 and before the end of february of 1995 , I read the first six books . They were amazing !! I loved them !! I loved the characters , the world , and EVERYTHING in them !!!! Then , just over a year later , this came out . I waited year for the eighth book , so i could read them together , but it never came out , so i read a crown of swords . Unfortunately , I understood very little of anything that was going on . And now , another year later , the next book still isnt out . Robert Jordan has created an amazing series , but he has gotten too carried away . There are too many plots , subplots , character , lands , peoples . In short , he has created his own little world . It might have worked , and if you decide to read this series , read it all together , but RJ spends way too much time between books . And unfortunately for him , a readers interest cannont be sustained for 10 or so years when there are other authors who atleast give 1 book a year , and they create amazing worlds too . At one time , for books 1-4 , this story was unbelievable . In books 5 it slipped , and in Lord of Chaos , it slipped even further . The end of Lord of Chaos made the entire book worth while , though . However , a Crown of Sword has absoutely nothing of value in it . The is so much in this series , and so many things start to happen , you stop caring about each individual event . And individual events are what books are based on . In short , I am likely going to continue to read this series , but only when it is completed , and then i will start from the beginning , and see if i can recapture the love i once had for this series .
 With all due respect to the author , I 'm glad that Jordan wrote this book because it finally jolted me out of my reverie and made me realize that he is nowhere near writing anything that I want to read . It 's been very dissapointing to see the decline of this once-promising series.I recommend trying George R.R. Martin 's Song of Ice and Fire series if you want to see what a talented writer can do with a large group of complex , interesting characters.-Cal
 This book just goes on and on and at the same time goes no where . As a series the books have been great , but this one is a huge let down . Oh , I 'll read the next book , because by this time I have invested a buch of time in reading the series . I 'm motivated to see how it ends . Lets just hope the books and stories get better . If that next in the series is as pointless at this one I may just give up .
 My disappointment with this book is largely based upon the expectations that Jordan has built for me . His story is involved , convoluted and strong . For six books it has been unwavering , dragging at times , but still holding true to the course of the tale , continually weaving events and people back together , setting up the future and growing from the past . Just about the half way point of this book , Jordan blows that . He sets the story aside to go after something he wants to pursue . Granted , it is the author 's prerogative to decide what to write in his book , but this blatant disregard for the story is sickening . Especially after such great effort to stay true to the story . I can not stomach what has happened here . The confrontation between Rand and Cadsuane does not hold true to the story as it has progressed , or Rand 's character , even what he is thinking or saying just pages before . Does Jordan think we are idiots and wo n't notice ? Is this a blatant attempt to drag out the Wheel of Time so he can get more sales ? I know that I wo n't read him again .
 The longer this story trudges on , the more drawn out it feels . An entire page is spent on describing a tavern common room , the inn keeper -LRB- down to the number of round thingys on her marriage knife and her bosom size -RRB- , and her young helpers . Yet when a major sub-plot reaches a climax -LRB- Lan and Nynaeve -RRB- , we are given nothing but a vague reference to `` strange Sea Folk customs '' . I am almost dreading reading the next book ... the series has gone from a rabbits-pace start to a crawling snails-pace . The gruesome death of the philosopher who obviously held some vauge information of importance . The we 're - not-sure-he 's - gone death of another of the Forsaken . Min 's viewings of kings and heroes-to-be . Pedron Nials mysterious unreadable note . How many `` threads '' must the pattern weave?The `` out of character '' behavior is even worse . Elayne seems to take a complete 180-degree turn , from giggling Novice to snobbish queen-to-be . Perrin 's new wife develops a jealous streak for ... some reason . For someone who was so `` perceptive '' early on , she becomes quite blind about her new husband . The endless prattling about `` wool-brains '' and `` fool girls '' is becoming nerve-grating . This story need to be put out of my misery ... soon , please .
 `` A crown of swords '' is the worst book in the series by far . It lacks adventure , action , and drama . And on top of it all the ending sucked ! If you 've read this far in the series and you 've really liked all the previous books you will probably like this book , but if Robert Jorden has barely been keepin up your interest in the series this book is going to end up in one place and one place only
 First off , I just want to say that I LOVED the first four books of this series , and I really liked books 5 and 6 . I was looking forward to this , the seventh book in an amazing series , and boy was I disappointed ! I bought this book and started reading it when it first came out in hardback . I got through some 200 pages and found that I could n't read any further . It was terrible ! A month later I tried to pick up where I left off , moving along another 50 pages or so before I started to feel nauseous . Only recently have I been able to force myself through the entire thing just so I could finally move on to the next book , Path of Daggers . Why did I hate it so much ? For one thing , it felt to me like the main characters were just repeating the same lines over and over again from previous books , and the story simply was n't progressing . So many questions were raised in previous books without even being addressed here , and there are SO many characters now , ninety percent of whom seem irrelevant to the big picture . Do I have to know the name , shoe size and favorite color of ALL Aes Sedai , Wise Women , Asha ` man , Atha'an Miere , and every other living soul who has ever stepped foot in Rand 's world ? Did Jordan write this ? I do n't think so . I think there is an imposter in our midst whose sole aim is to ruin the reputation of a great author . Please come back Robert Jordan .
 At least I see that there are other readers as frustrated as I am . What started out as an epic , has become drawn out and almost painful to read . The last two books , which I bought in hard back so eager was I to continue the story , have left me feeling used . Is there an amount of books the publishers need Mr. Jordan to write ? Mr. Jordan - go back to the first few books , reread them - enjoy them as much as I did and start writing properly again - let the story go on its own - stop holding it back . The series is losing fans - please restore my faith and bring me back .
 Thrill as Mat is pursued by a woman old enough to have birthed him ! Marvel as Elayne , Egwene & Aviendha -LRB- or whoever the hell -RRB- look for a bowl ! Gape in wonder as Elayne finds some old broads who can weild the Power ! Gasp in astonishment as Nynaeve and Mat argue with each other ! Could it possibly get any more exciting -LRB- I shudder to think -RRB- ? ... To be fair , there is a climactic moment -LRB- maybe 2 -RRB- in this book -LRB- which is why I grudgingly give it 2 stars -RRB- but it happens so fast with no significant development to any major character , it may as well have been a hiccough .
 I wrote a review criticizing this book several months ago , but after reading so many reviews in its favor I started to feel guilty . So I read the darned thing again . My conclusion
 Jordan 's world is full of opportunities for action , epic battles , intrigue , power politics , yet hardly anything happens . I do n't subscribe to the theory that he 's simply milking the series - I think the problem is , he wants to write about a dynamic , living and breathing world , where any given week every single character reacts to events around them , instead of appearing only when they 're needed to carry the plot on . He describes his method of writing chapters as going into the characters skins - rooting for them , being `` on their side '' and treating them fairly and equally whether good or evil - while it does create an illusion of a complex and detailed world , going trough 15 different characters equals 20 chapters of pondering the situation from that characters ' point of view . Jordan simply likes his characters a little too much to actually advance the story.After 15 chapters and 500 pages of nothing but pondering the future he realizes something must actually happen , and rushes the ending as he did with LoC and now here . OK - he should be financially pretty secure by now and being an artist he can write what the heck he likes , put up or shut up . Vote with your money , appears he do n't care either way . So while he 's `` in the zone '' 80 % of time enjoying his time , his readership get bored , complain and quit.I consider myself patient - half of book 5 was sheer torture with the redicilous circus bicker/cleavage - fest but I just barely managed trough it without skipping entire chapters . Book 6 was thoroughly slow and the 30 last pages just did n't make up for it but at least you felt the story was going somewhere - MUST go , but it did n't . Spending some 50 pages to Mat 's march south anticipating attack on Illian and canceling the show was the height of folly.To be fair , Jordan does improve all the time in some things . Book 4 introduced humor to the series . Book 7 the male-female crap is much less dominant , thank light . He even makes jokes about Nynaeve 's braidpulling . But I had serious trouble finishing this book at all , after already witnessing the impossible with book 6 - hardly anything happening with so many pages . So I no longer had the useful faith into Jordan 's judgement.I bought books 1-5 and I 'm getting the rest from library , will stick with the series but with the reviews of book 10 , I doubt anything happens in book 11 either . Jordan is currently taking us to Tarmon Gaidon `` by latest '' book 13 - I suspect the climactic end in book 13 is resolved in another abrupt & rediculous 50 pages -LRB- after 2500 pages of nothing in 11-13 -RRB- .
 The good thing is , Moiraine is dead.Sadly , this is the only good thing . A Crown of Swords is the most horrifically , disgustingly awful book of the Jordan series I 've read yet . And it is n't just that you 're extremely bored during it , the book could have been written better by a fifth grader . Jordan must have been in a tremendous hurry writing this , because I do n't think he went back to check over his poorly constructed sentences , and I doubt the editor even read the book , since some of the parts are so obviously contemptible a real editor would have died before letting them get by . I wish I could have remembered some of the really good examples that had me reeling in disgust , but here 's one of the better written sentences
 Compared with the rest , ` Crown of Swords ' was an unmitigated disappointment . Books 1 to 4 were the most imaginative of this genre that I have read bar Tolkien . Then 5 , 6 , and 7 emerged which has given rise in my mind that the author is milking this for all its worth.This may be a cash cow Robert , but the milk is getting pretty thin . This 7th teat is getting dryer by the minute . Have pity on yourself , put the cow out to pasture , and find another bovine in your inspired soul for us critics to make a golden effigy with
 I was a fan . I could almost keep track of the action early on , and even the inaction in the later volumes . Yikes , I checked this our from the library , but I ca n't remember if I even read it . None of the 7 is nearly as good as the best of the Thomas Covenant series , and reading the worst is like taking an mild overdose of tranquilizers - you do n't remember what happened , and you do n't care
 The first 200 pages are a recap of book 6 . The next 300 are just plain boring and finally one ends up with 200 pages of some action . In the other books Jordan was also long winded in parts but the books were usually filled with excitement . Jordan should have began with page 500 or so and developed the story line from there . Unfortunately , most of us are left waiting for book 8 because of the ending and not from enjoying this one and looking forward to the next . I believe that Robert Jordan is one of the best fantasy writers out there but book 7 was a clear disappointment . To think that we have to wait for 3 more books -LRB- 4 or 5 years ? -RRB- is discouraging to say the least . My advice to any new readers is to wait until the series is over . In the mean time one can read a poor man 's Robert Jordan in Terry Goodkind or I would advise Raymond Feist -LRB- one of the best and writes trilogies -RRB- . Mr. Jordan , please end the series while some of us are still young -LRB- and then write trilogies -RRB-
 Although a detailed , intricate novel filled with a variety of characters , this one has one slight problem
 This is a Flash book that focuses on specific projects the author has been involved in . There are only six such projects covered . They include , - a product demo - an interactive holiday card - two web sites done in Flash - LEGO game - Furniture.com 's Room PlannerEven though the book promises source code on the CD , the Room Planner project relies heavily on ASP/database backend and they DO NOT include this code . The result is that the Flash source included for Room Planner will not work.When someone from our firm asked the author about this he replied that his former employer owns that code and would not allow it to be published.You can still learn from the Flash source code but its value is a whole lot less because you can not see the application working . And , given that Furniture.com is now out of business you can not see the application in action there either!Our main reason for this review is to simply alert others BEFORE they buy this book about the missing source code . If this is not an issue for you this book may benefit you . In our case , we purchased the book to learn from the Room Planner source code so the book has little value to us .
 I really like the KoE system , but unfortunately the Devil-tiger book seems to be going into a lot of what White Wolf has been doing lately - let 's get more graphic and outrageous when it 's not really needed , and we 'll sell more stuff . I like the CONCEPT of the devil-tigers , but frankly they go into unnecessary depth . It 's one thing to involve violence such as rape in a plot , and say it happened , it 's another to actually go and play it out in painful detail . Hope they get better with the next one .
 I admit that my programming experience is rather limited , but this book made me feel like a complete ... . There is no denying that the author knows what he is writing about , but he does not convey that information in an easily understood manner . Unless you already know everything there is to know about RMI , networking and advanced Java programming , stay away from this book .
 If you 're looking to buy the actual book , or the $ 9 + Kindle edition -LRB- which I have n't seen , so perhaps this review does n't apply -RRB- , ignore this review . 5 stars , Dods translation is fine , Tolle , lege , and all that.Foolishly I bought the cheap Kindle edition , which turned out to be , apparently , a scanned version with an autocorrect run on it . Typos abound . Sometimes you can reread the nonsensical sentence , figure out that `` or '' should be `` of , '' and move on , though it slows your reading quite a bit . Sometimes you ca n't figure out where it was messed up , guess at what the sentence originally said , and move on . Sometimes you 're forced to laugh , as when `` Roman republic '' is replaced by `` Korean republic . `` Four dollars wasted . I 'm off to buy the paperback from the used book store .
 Wonderful book , No doubt about that.And it has good touch or click table of content.But it is problem to return to table of contnets in the middle of books . `` Go to '' in kindle does not show anything .
 I bought this book in order for researching porpuses . The `` go to '' feature does not work at all and it is IMPOSIBLE to return to specefic pages as needed . In a few pages book this `` little detail '' would not be a problem .
 The formatting is AWFUL . Not the only person who has said so . Sometimes you should believe what you read . Hard to read . No discernible search function . Just plain bad .
 Okay , from what I read , which certainly was n't the whole book , there are a few useful ideas here . Augustine does an excellent job -LRB- though unintentionally -RRB- of showing how religious doctrines do not come about by an organic , bottom up process , but are the products of artificial acts of committees and compilers . And he also shows how large institutions are necessary in order to keep a doctrine going once it gains a modicum of acceptance . But honestly , I found this work overall to be hopelessly reactionary -LRB- to be fair , it is a defense -RRB- , but his arguments are piss-poor and he cherry picks evidence in a manner which comes across as being childish and willful . It definitely gave me a better understanding of why Christianity is such a fragmented belief system . Any religion which claims unfocused crap like this as being `` foundational '' is going to have huge problems down the road . Throughout all of the sections I read , I kept getting the feeling that on some level , Augustine really did n't seem to have the energy or the will to make something this ambitious work . I guess if your obsessed with early church history then it might be bearable . Otherwise , look elsewhere
 I read this for a book group I was in , and was rather peeved at being forced to blow so much time on what is essentially useful only to the Classical historian or Scholasticism buff . Realistically , Augustine is just a particularly eloquent proponent of a religious argument we all get in Sunday School at age 10
 Well , I 'm a Pagan and I did not like this book . It was written at a time when the Christians were starting on a major campaign to slaughter Pagans and bring us into the Dark Ages . But rather than say all the things I disliked about it , I 'll just let anyone who wants to know what I think of it e-mail me .
 Bought this book for class and the text was covered in mold . Working on trying to remove the mold now .
 I was very dissapointed with this book . I bought a copy for my son for Christmas since he is interested in Civil War history . When it arrived I was shocked to discover that instead of being in print as I had expected , it was a reprodiuction of the soldier 's handwriting and his own printing . It was so difficult to read that I doubt if my son ever read it . I feel I wasted my money on that book , and it is rather expensive . Why do n't they make a regular printed copy ? I am sure the content may be informative , but it is hardly worth the effort to wade through it .
 This book was horrible . I have never been disgusted with any book since Red Badge of Courage . The author had to state in the prologue what the purpose of this book even was as it wasa not clear the entire time . Rosa Lees flagrant abuse of the American system made me even less interest to help the the underclass . The only reedeeming attribute of this book are her sons Erik and Alvin . Would not suggest this book to anyone
 I bought this book by mistake because the words `` Solutions manual to accompany ... '' were at the time put last in Amazon 's title tag . I did get the main book , read that one carefully and found it helpful . The solutions manual , however , never proved useful . It is just page upon page of drab computer printouts with STATA code and sparse comments . Look at the preview pages and see for yourself . I downloaded the sample data sets and redid the examples in R , and found that quite sufficient .
 Dear Sir/Madam : I ordered the book -LRB- Order # 058-9070537-7702134 -RRB- `` Solutions Manual to Accompany Applied Survival Analysis
 This booked is packed with information however the presentation needs vast improvement.Specifically the inclusion of a concept map at the beginning that gives a graphic view of hte concepts to be presented . Then concepts maps of each chapter 's topics is necessary then . And if possible more concept maps for topics with in each chapter . These concepts would be more understandable with concept maps as graphic organizers of the information presented .
 I am a 13 year old who loves to read , and so when I saw that this book was by the author of `` The Secret Garden '' and `` A Little Princess '' , I was thrilled . However , it would probably have been a lot better for me if I had gone into reading it with different expectations . The main fault of this book -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , is the authors confusing attempt to go back and forth between two genres
 This is a book for the Arnold Jacobs devoted fan only . Full of seemingly everything the author could find on Jacobs , it will leave the reader who wants to get a sense of Jacobs the musician , teacher , or person feeling empty . For a serious musician who wants ideas on how to improve his playing , practicing , musicality , etc. , there are about 20 valuable pages buried in the middle of the book . While we have had many great music teachers , there have been far too few books that capture any of the essence of their teaching . While clearly this is difficult to do , it is something that needs addressing . What a book like this should do is to give a sense of what it was that made Arnold Jacobs great . It should analyse what in his methods , psychology , personality , made him what he was . It should give a sense of what a lesson with him was like , how he would deal with various pedagogical problems . I would reccomend this book , because there is information in it that needs to be published . But it also points out the need for further study and publication .
 This book does n't offer a practical approach to tuning Microsoft SQL Server 2000 . If you want a generalist book with minimalistic theoretical ideas , this may be the one for you . If you need to become an expert at practical tuning of Microsoft SQL Server 2000 , take a look at `` SQL Server Query Performance Tuning
 I paid for this book but never received it . I had to ask for a refund , could n't even get the seller to email me back with the status .
 Mr. Tom Willard , in book # 5 of his Black Sabre Chronicles
 After reading the first book and feeling dissapointed by the thin plot line , lack of dynamic characters , and the overall transparency , I had hoped that book 2 would be more promising . No such luck . Unfortunately , I bought all four of the books right off the bat and have an acute sickness where I feel obliged to finish what I start from beginning to end and this unfortunately includes these four long , drawn out , christ clone trilogy wanna-be-but-falls-way-short books . My overally recommendation is to save yourself the time , energy , and frustration of these 4 books which could be and SHOULD BE summed up in one book of about 400-500 pgs . no more , no less . If you really want a VERY similiar and WAY more exciting version of these books - I strongly urge you to pass these over enroute to the Christ Clone Trilogy which keep you guessing for awhile and are about 1 Million times more intellectually stimulating . A word of caution , however , the down-sides of Christ Clone Trilogy is that it ends far too abruptly after so much build up to the final battle -LRB- as stated in Revelations -RRB- and becomes over the top preachy in addition to leaving a number of questions still unanswered . It gives the impression that the author just got tired of writing on the topic and looked for a quick way out . However , far preferred over the Prodigal Project Series which unlike the Christ Clone Trilogy will not leave you at the end of each book hungry for more .
 I tried to skim it since i had skimmed the first one but just could n't get into it at all . the first one was hard enough to read but as i had bought both of them i wanted to give it a try . i could n't finish it or skim it . the writing did n't flow and was very difficult to read .
 Let 's get it out of the way - I have to force myself to read this novel , the second instalment of Abraham and Hart 's Prodigal Project series and I held very little hope that it would improve at all . Not to mention that if his style of writing continues into the remaining five books then this entire series could have been condensed into one single two hundred or so volume.The beginning did n't bode well for the rest of the book , nothing more than a rehash of previous events and sermon , which had been repeated unnecessarily more times than I 'd like to count in the first two hundred pages of Book One . Fifty pages could be turned into one and his point would still be pushed sufficiently to proceed . The question is , what is the point?I stick firmly by my opinion that Abraham and Hart are crazy , Bush loving Republicans - the sort that would have changed ` French ' fries into ` freedom ' fries because of their objection to an entire nation -LRB- yet I have to wonder , if they hated the French that much then why not just remove the object of objection -LRB- the ` fry ' -RRB- rather than rename it ? -RRB- . They even have some more than obvious PC attacks on homosexuals , pushing the notion that this is a ` two sex world ' and one goes with the other - even adding the obligatory new romance which is enough to bug me further.The only thing of consequence to happen in the beginning was Thomas Church 's miraculous -LRB- and thoroughly ridiculous -RRB- discovery of his son . This is the only incidence in when I think it would have been appropriate to add a few more pages to a scene.Around ninety percent of this book is a reiteration of everything that is said in the instalment , and other than the confirmation that no , Noir can not be killed , the fiery hail and one hint towards something sinister in Azul , nothing -LRB- and I mean nothing -RRB- of any consequence happens and this entire book could have been edited out.I doubt that I will read the next instalments - even though I could probably skip three and five without missing anything , because this is nothing more than a repetitive , Republican piece of propaganda . I do not recommend it .
 The good : Lots of pictures , lot of words.The bad : The pictures are n't with the words , the words are n't with the pictures , no maps , few caterpillars.Like all the Audubon Society guides , I found this one very difficult to work with . It 's comprehensive in terms of covering many species across the whole continent , but since the first half of the book is just color photos with no range maps and the last half is just dense text with no pictures , you will spend a LOT of time flipping back and forth . Since the book is arranged by color within category for the whole continent , things can get tedious . For example , there are over 120 photos of folded-wing skippers , all of which are tiny and brownish . By the time you 've flipped back and forth , back and forth to figure out which one you saw , it probably has grown-up children.If you 're lucky enough to be in one of the states covered by a guide written by Jaret C. Daniels , you 'll find those guides much easier to use
 I was brought up to believe in freedom of speech , this means not damaging a book even if you do n't agree with what it says . I actually stopped reading this book , and recycled it . Life it too short to waste on trash like this . Do yourself a favour , buy a different book .
 i am from irac and this is a good book but i hoped karim i wished that karim was gay and i hped dead lol
 I really did n't enjoy reading this book at all , and i got ta say i red this bok beacause i had to , otherwise i would never read a book that is about arabic people , beacsuse i 'm kinda hate them , this book shows their wildness and how they fight with the jewsh people . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Read `` Beyond the Grave , The Right Way and the Wrong Way of Leaving Money to Your Children '' instead of this book or before you read this book . I bought both and gave up on this book after a couple chapters . It was a struggle to get through . Very dry , written like a tech manual , a real sleeper . Go read the reviews on Amazon for Condon 's book before deciding which one to order . Trust me , you want the other book .
 This book had little by way of practical information . It had a lot of general information and continually emphasized the need to refer to a lawyer . This book is not for the do-it-yourself ` ers .
 It was last revised in 2002 , that 's twelve years ago . Need I say more for such a fluid topic . oNE MORE WORD .
 Little did the author know that his constant use of the phrase ` little did he know . . ' and its ilk to foreshadow his absurd plot would cause me to hurl his book into a garbage can after 186 pages .
 Think , Dan Brown meets Tom Clancy , add in an overdose of sub-plotting and beating the reader over the head with foreshadowing , then subtract any attempt at building characters . The result is unreadable , in my opinion . The chapter where the two ex-military types get a car by calling the company owner , and get a cherry-red Ferrari something-or-other , which one character ogles and the other 's thoughts are `` which might have been accompanied by seminal discharge , but -LSB- Payne -RSB- did n't want to check . '' I found myself rolling my eyes with increasing frequency , and ended in a place that 's very rare for me - of no longer caring how the story ended.It gets one star for the plot having potential , but the story was poorly executed .
 Having made it to page 88 , reading through several repetitions and reminders of character 's abilities or facts , I began to wonder whether this would continue . So , I flipped to page 336 and picked up from that point without skipping a beat ... or boredom . Needless to say , I did not finish this book -- did n't even care who dunit . 2 stars for making it to page 88 and not putting it down sooner .
 I did not like this book and it is my own fault for succumbing to curiosity ; I did not see how anything could be new on the topic after DA VINCI CODE and Kathy Reich 's BREAK NO BONES ... The subject of whether Christ died on the cross or not has been stirred too many times and no real thinker will buy these suppositions anyway.But while the author is gripping in his descriptives of the crimes -LRB- i.e
 The overcrowded shelves of Anti-Catholic action-packed thrillers with obvious plot twists and Da Vinci-esque secret histories and a video-gamers indifference to body counts and gore finds its sophomoric expression in this forgettable page-turner . Kuzneski 's action starts with a detailed crucifixion , and then follows up with live human bodies melting into asphalt while a flamethrower wielding henchman cackles in glee . Every time a violence passage came along I thought `` video game transition '' and wondered which one it was ... `` Commando ? '' or `` Grand Theft Auto ? `` Kuzneski 's formula is someone dies every seventh paragraph and the tough guys hijack a car or pick an impregnable lock every other page.The Anti-Catholic plot surrounds archeologist Dr. Charles Boyd and his -LRB- beautiful , naturally -RRB- assistant Maria Pelati who discover a 2000-year-old scroll underneath the Papal retreat of Orvieto that contains `` a secret that would change ... the history of the world -- forever . '' If you guessed that the secret is that Christ Jesus is a fraud , well just add `` Da Vinci Code Fan '' to your pieces of flair!My old roommate Moby was once in a comic punk rock group called `` The Vatican Commandos . '' Swish-Swiss guys in colorful puffy pants do n't cut it , sooo Kuzneski , ever the laugh riot , creates real Vatican Commandos , who callously slaughter innocent folks right and left throughout the book . If you are still looking for hints on where to find the blatant Anti-Catholicism in the book , here is a hint ... check out those crazy Ten Commandments that Faithful Catholics are supposed to follow . Oddly `` Thou Shalt Not Kill '' is still there and strangely fleshed out in the Catechism , if Kuzneski would have bothered to read it.Catholic bashing is too much fun though , so he adds piles of corrupt and clean Western European law enforcement agents and two freelance CIA agents into the mix as hard guys and detectives -LRB- ooopss ... by the end of the book , so many folks are CIA agents it reminded me of the original Casino Royale spoof where everyone became James Bond -RRB- . There are a lot of page-turning cat and mouse games and alliances change so quick you need a bulletin board and push pins to follow it all . This packs the plot of a thousand pulp fictions and a cast of thousands together , detail is always the sketchy `` gee whiz '' kind , and never fleshed out beyond the most superficial of treatments , but it is an action book after all . But anyone who knows anything about Italian and Roman history , the Church , or the way real law enforcement works will find this frustrating . This is an Adam West and Burt Ward version of the Vatican-Plot-To-Enslave-The-World-With-Their-Fabulous-Riches-Secrets-And-All-Powerful-Lies . VaticanSecret + CIA+G ameboyViolence + SexyBabe = Obvious page turner that is offensive and ignorant every other paragraph . Marshmallow Fluff has more substance and nutritional value .
 The topic and genre are in the realm of the Da Vinci Code . While the subject of the mysteries of the Catholic Church and Christianity have been done many times , one more ca n't hurt if it 's done right and if it 's believable . Unfortunately , this story was n't which is why I ca n't give it more than two stars . It started off with promise , a mysterious crucifixion of a Vatican priest on a deserted Danish coast , then went progressively downhill from there . There are several flaws with this book . First , there are no clear cut protagonists or antagonists . Payne and Jones are supposed to be the main investigators , yet they spend most of their their time running around Europe clueless and incompetent . I 'm still trying to figure out why Nick Dial , Mr. Interpol Man was even in the story . He spends his time chasing crucifixions in the four corners of the globe , yet never made the connection until the last man was strung up . So much for good detective work . There were too many other characters in the story for the reader to keep track of who 's who and their relevance . While the book itself was an easy read , the language was choppy , faked and childish at times . No good author writes a descriptive paragraph then begins the paragraph following it with `` Anyhow '' or `` Anyway '' . You 're telling a story , not having a conversation over latte at Starbucks . Even the profanity seemed forced and fake and if I read one more `` little did he know '' , I wanted to scream . Kuzneski has potential , but he definitely needs the guidance of some of the heavy hitters in this genre like Dan Brown and Nelson DeMille , who ironically gave this book rave reviews , along with some other well known authors and critics . Reviews that seem to be as fake as the story in his book .
 I have read a lot of these historical thrillers that blend fiction and facts ; Dan Brown , Douglas Preston , Sansom , Mariani , Adams , Khoury just to name a few . Some have been better than others - but this is the first time where I wonder , how and why the author/book has become a bestseller . The blending of fiction and fact is quite poor , the story is not gripping -LRB- the thing that is supposed to turn the world upside down is not that big a thing -RRB- and the language is not convincing at all.Some more specific examples
 When I saw the name of this book and I read the plot , I will admit that I was intrigued ! Then I got to reading the thing and I was saddened . And where did my sadness occur most ? Toward the end of most chapters or plot sections where the author would give us a not-so-subtle hint of foreshadowing . For example , `` A secret that would change her life-and the history of the world-forever , '' '' ... unaware that he 'd be murdered in less than an hour later , '' `` Just like he would later that night . '' Now , sure , they look harmless here , but if chapter after chapter ends this way ... it gets tired . Plus , the characters were not developed as well as they could be . Very shallow , but they had great promise . There was humor in places that should n't have had any , behavior that was unnecessary in the context , and obvious and over-the-top conversations.I 'll try another of his books , like `` Sword of God '' in the hopes that it will show some improvement . As we know ... as time goes by , authors can either improve their art , or have it completely fall apart .
 This movie is horrible - bad action , bad film quality , bad editing ... so low budget , it 's laughable that I paid money for this.I feel I was scammed ; do n't be the next victim of the B.East .
 Really , what a truly imaginative and interesting concept , the Last Son of Krypton falls not in middle American Kansas but rather in a Ukrainian farm collective circa 1930 's . This setup gave the authors an great opportunity to examine the debate between nature and nurture , how different societies view justice and heroism , in addition to being a great artistic platform to survey and reinterpret the graphic designs of the USSR.Unfortunately , the story falls far short of its potential . It starts out with promise as Superman is touted by Stalin as an unstoppable Soviet weapon in the Cold War contrasted with Superman 's reservations about becoming a political figure and symbol . However , it then slowly devolves into a Randian battle between Superman and Lex Luthor.In terms of the art , while there are some great pieces , especially the hammer and sickle Superman emblem , and some cool propaganda posters here and there overall the art misses the mark . The art team felt that simply using lots of red was sufficient to give the images a Soviet flair.Go elsewhere for revisionist superheros .
 I waited a long time for this book . I was thrilled to get it via Amazon . I was * very * disappointed by it , and for many reasons.The first reason is that the premise is too narrow for such a long story to hold one 's interest . A great comic is read breathlessly , and only upon a second or third reading does one clearly identify the boring bits . Here they are evident from the beginning and only become more so upon re-reading . A long Elseworld book like `` Golden Age '' will warrant a fourth or fifth re-reading . Not the case with Red Son.The second reason is that it is inconsistent . Lex and Lois Luthor appear to be in their 20s in 1953 -LRB- the year of Stalin 's death , at the beginning of the book -RRB- . That would make them about 65 when Lex is elected President . At the time there is no indication that they have any children , and yet a complete lineage of Luthors is created in the final chapter , and a son is shown when there is no intimation that he should exist , or when he came to be . Also , there is no reason why Richard Nixon should have been elected in 1960 , and murdered in 1963 , or why John F. Kennedy would be elected President in 1968 and hang around for about 20 years . His marrying a fat , slutty Marilyn Monroe is fun but farcical . That is clearly a take on Nixon in `` The Watchmen '' , where he is still President in 1985 . There is no reason either why a pseudo-Batman should exist in the USSR , as the child of murdered dissidents , since Kal El 's arrival in The Ukhraine in the 1930s should have no impact on NKVD activities prior to his adulthood.Finally , the book shows a profound ignorance about Communism . Stalin is presented as a fairly malevolent old goat , but showing Stalin 's son as the head of KGB is ridiculous , given that Stalin never gave a hoot about his own children and actually drove one of them to suicide in a German KZ . And the drawings are n't so hot , except for the simulated `` Socialist '' posters . A sort of `` Social Realism '' , a la `` Batman Year 1 '' would probably have been more suitable . As it is , it looks cartoony in a cheap sort of way.One does n't expect deep social criticism from a comic book -LRB- although they can provide it on occasion -RRB- , but `` Red Son '' , so long in the making , was subject to high expectations , which it has n't discharged.All in all , an opportunity lost . A pity .
 In the preface , the hyperbolic Tom DeSanto wildly trumpets `` Red Son '' as a devastating critique of American foreign policy , not the cookie-cutter `` feel-good propaganda '' that might have been expected . Instead , he hints darkly at surrendering freedom in favor of security.Oh please . The Soviet Union that Superman serves here is the sort of cookie-cutter comic book autocracy one might have expected in a 1950s comic and bears no resemblance to the murderous regime that truly was an `` evil empire . '' At one point , Stalin understands why Superman must rush off to save thousands in Vladivostok . This is the dictator who killed , yes slaughtered , tens of millions of his own people.It 's this sort of superficial investigation that dooms `` Red Son '' to superficial stabs at political comment , and third-rate reimaginings of history that are , frankly , tiresome.Though the story is redeemed in the end by a circular ending which seems to say we are always doomed to repeat the same mistakes , this `` devastating critique '' is not really all that original , exciting , or particularly entertaining . Nor does it comment on anything except the overexcited imaginations of a bunch of leftists who obviously learned their politics from comic books . Grow up , guys .
 Normally , when I get my hands on one of these babies and I just can not put it down . Not the case with this one . An Elseworlds story on what if Superman landed in the USSR instead ? Certainly , this would make an intriguing story . Some of the differences include a new costume , Batman as a vigilante in USSR , Jimmy as a government spy , and Lois as wife of Lex Luthor . Some of these differences are self-explanatory , but others such as Batman being in USSR and Jimmy working for CIA is not really explained . Add to also , really boring writing -LRB- took me several sittings to finish it -RRB- and not too interesting storylines and you get three snoozefest stories.The first story on Luthor creating Bizarro to battle Superman is very uninteresting . Luthor is hired by US Govt to counteract the Superman threat and is considered a hero in this book.The second story is somewhat more interesting as Batman teams up with Luthor in bringing down the man of steel . I really enjoy how they do this and Batman 's costume is pretty nice , but again , there is no explanation to why he is here in this country.Third story is suppose to be epic as the last and final assault launched by the US to destroy Superman . Green Lantern , Wonder Woman , and Lex , attack at the same time . However , the final climatic moment is very weak and quite confusing . And the epilogue is not really as brilliant as one would think , probably tiresome as this book is too long and boring.The only saving grace is the artwork which resembles propaganda-ish cartoon art which is very popular in communist countries . The Wonder Woman in this book is one of the best and most accurate I ever seen .
 `` Superman
 Red Son is awful in his superficiality . What could 've been a very beautiful statement about mankind , economy and Super-powers ended basically just as another regular Superman story , just with him using another black suit . There is nothing in Red Son about a communist Superman or about Comunism itself . It 's just another mediocre Superman story throwing just bits of uneducated and biased ideas and giving hints of him dating WW -LRB- who cares about that ? -RRB- . Worse than that , the format make the issues so large they become tiring to read . The cover art is beautiful , but the rest inside it really sucks .
 I own almost two dozen Miranda Lee books and generally like her books . However this one was a miss for me . I thought the story line was too predictable and the relationship between H and h was unconvincing .
 - I did n't really like the book Wo n't Know Till I Get There because it was n't very exciting . It also bothered me how it was in the shape of Stephen 's diary . Some people might like it like that , but I did n't . If I had to rate this book from a one to a ten , I would have to give it a four . This book was slow moving and the plot was n't that great either . The book was about how four kids got into trouble because they told some under cover cop 's that they were a gang , and they had to work in a seniors home all summer . How interesting can a senior 's home be ? It almost ca n't be , at least not in this book . I liked how they pretended to be a gang , but that 's about the only part I liked . I 've never really read any books like this book , and I 've never read a book by Walter Dean Meyers until now . I doubt I will be reading more books by him . I would not recommend this book to anyone who likes action books , because there is no action in this book at all . If you like children 's books then you might like Wo n't Know Till I Get There , I did not like it , but there is a chance you might like it .
 I work for a hotel/property management software company now and never worked in the hospitality industry other than being a busboy at a Howard Johnson 's when I was 16 , so I bought this book to give me a better feel for what goes on in the heads of the people using our software . I was disappointed in my choice as soon I opened the package and saw how briefly each topic is covered.There are plenty of pictures and short biographies of the great hoteliers , which were about the most interesting parts of the book . Many other pictures showed typical workers smiling as they did their jobs , taken right out of the archives from the major hotels . Each chapter also had a summary and review questions section which takes up a good portion of the book . Other than things I had no interest in , such as pages of checklists on the steps to efficiently cleaning a hotel room and sample franchise agreements that used up more valuable pages , there was very little depth to any of it.It only glanced at the subject of the night audit and accounting functions , which is what I originally bought the book for , and it 's coverage of PMS -LRB- Property Management Software -RRB- systems was limited to remarking that this is one of the biggest changes to happen in the past ten years . I wondered if the author had ever had any exposure to any of the popular PMS packages in use today , or even knew of any since he did n't list or provide references for further study on this subject . With a copyright date of February 2001 I assumed I would get the most up to date coverage but the few pictures and paragraphs of front desk automation were of ancient terminals circa 1985 or so and virtually nothing was mentioned of recent technology changes such as the Internet and online reservation systems now being integrated and handled in-house . This book is listed as 400 pages but is actually only a little over 300 , which was a blessing in a way , since I could n't wait to get through it and get started on more substantial book on the subject . I 'm used to buying computer books with list prices in the range of this book 's price tag , and expect to get a comprehensive guide to the subject when I do . I was disappointed with what I got for my money on this purchase though , and could n't recommend it for anyone who does n't have to buy it for a course they are taking in school . As a book to keep around just for knowledge , review and reference it is of little value to me.Joe Buchberger
 The Maurizius Case is an amazingly well written book . The writing is fluent and inspiring . Wasserman is clearly and undisputably a master craftsman of writing . Having paid my dues of admiration to the style and technique , I want to focus on the ideas that fill this book.The Maurizius Case deals with the conflict of Law vs. Justice & Morality
 This outline , like that of Clyde R. Metz -LRB- Physical Chemistry -RRB- is defective in its presentation of the very first fundamental quantities of thermodynamics , Enthalpy -LRB- H -RRB- and Internal Energy -LRB- U -RRB- . I find it hard to believe that the authors of these supplements ca n't seem to understand that -LRB- 1 -RRB- PV has units of ENERGY , * not * units of energy/mol * K , -LRB- 2 -RRB- H and U -LRB- and their associated changes -RRB- would PERFORCE have to have units of energy also , since H = U + PV , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- using `` molar volume '' without explicitly defining it as V/n while using the SAME symbol as `` ordinary '' volume without telling the reader is nothing more than pedagogical carelessnes ... or possibly stupidity . Abbot and Van Ness are n't doing anyone any favors by doing silly things like blithely declaring the Ideal Gas Law to be PV = RT , which automatically gives the student pause wondering if it 's a typo . Having foolishly bought both Metz ' `` Physical Chemistry '' and Abbot & Van Ness ' `` Thermodynamics With Chemical Applications '' , I 'm here to warn anyone else contemplating similar purchases
 I once heard that criminal justice is the fastest-growing academic major in the US . The person who stated this worried about how the society is locking people up , rather than paying for social services and community programs . I agree with that fear , but also wonder if so many students choose this major because it 's not that difficult . I have read many criminal justice books that I could have understood as a 10 year-old . To this book 's credit , it is academically rigorous.It acknowledges that African-American males are -LRB- mis -RRB- perceived as hypercriminal . It then goes on to peel the onion asking if this holds from rural black males , immigrant black males , or other males of color . Undergraduates that cite chapters from this book should impress their professors in this discipline.Still , the editors repeat `` we need new paradigms , '' `` we are taking things to a higher level . '' This felt a little too self-congratulatory . This book is rigorous but it wo n't save the world . It should just impress the tenure boards of the contributors .
 Andreaasen does a poor job of describing the genius of creativity . The presentation is not anecdotal or interesting though she does choose interesting people to profile like John Nash and August Kekule . She misses an opportunity to delve into the bipolar aspects of creativity and to identify bipolarity as a characteristic of many richly creative people . Overall this is a disappointing and poor read .
 This book was a boring reading . It did n't stand the author 's distinguished career nor as a good science writing . It may help to educate very novices on brain science as a whole . But it failed to give a solid answer to its main premise - where does the creativity lie in brain 's multivaried structure . This book though gives some very important examples from extremely creative people 's experiences , `` moments of epiphanies '' . It mentions what Mozart , Poincare or similar person 's description of their individual feelings when they were on the verge of some creative thought . On the whole this books failed to explain how and why geniuses are geniuses , but has not forgotten to mention that the author herself was a genius -LRB- at least twice in the book -RRB- . Better books are by Edelman , Koch and Crick 's books on conciousness .
 I think the author 's intention in this book was to use pieces from English literature as case studies in her explanations about creativity . However , these cases dominate the book to an extent that discussions about psychological and neuroscientific explanations of creativity become less important . The book deviates from its promised topic.I offer the following recommendations to the author to improve this book :1 -RRB- Do not use only English literature pieces as case studies for creativity . Scientists , engineers , philosophers , architects , craftsman etc. can also be creative . Try to enrich the book by using examples from different fields . You might be an ex-professor of English literature but not all of your readers are students of English literature -LRB- I bet most of them are not -RRB- .2 -RRB- Creativity is not limited to the Western world . You only refer to artists , authors , poets etc. from Europe and North America , who have lived since the Renaissance . Try to read and learn about Chinese or Arabic poetry for example . Your narrow perception of creativity without any cultural variations becomes quite boring in this book .3 -RRB- It is not necessary to distinguish ordinary creativity from extra ordinary creativity when we are talking about the nature of creativity . Your criteria for making this distinction are quite subjective . There might be a genius cook -LRB- an example given for ordinary creativity in the book -RRB- whose creativity can be as extraordinary as Einstein 's creativity . You seem to make this distinction based on the product . I do not agree that product is an essential element in creativity -LRB- unlike what the book claims -RRB- . Idea generation , by itself , is a creative process which may or may not end up with the production of a tangible element .4 -RRB- The idea of learning something novel just for the sake of having a mind exercise is horrible . I ca n't imagine trying to learn Chinese without any internal motivation , just because I want to practice with my brain .
 I just got this for my class and I just not interested about other people . I 'm more interested in creating things than reading about it .
 This is the most informative book I 've ever read on the subject . Also a very moving story which I will read over and over again!The info on veterinarians , oncologists and web-sites is incredable!A MUST buy , also for those whose dogs do NOT have cancer .
 This biography is articulately written . It provides valuable detail onthe end of Kerouac 's life and depicts his/mother 's schizoid repeatedmoves from north to south and back.Kerouac 's grissly death is sad toread . However , this biography is utterably flawed with dubiousrecollections from Ginsberg contradicting his previous statements onthe topic of Kerouac 's sexuality ; Gore Vidal , who William Burrourghreferred to as an inveterate liar back in 1948 ; and other rememberedtales -LRB- some contradictory from those still living -RRB- . There is contenthere which is shameful and tasteless like Kerouac 's ... lists and thedespicable description of his firt sexual encounter with his lastwife . The writer also recounts sexual episodes directly from Kerouac ` swriting and conjectures complex -LRB- and obvious -RRB- psychological reasonsfor what he believes to be Kerouac 's sexual duplicity-which infact -LRB- the duplicity -RRB- is contradicted by Kerouac 's openness on thematter . The overall thrust of the book is contrived and exaggerated ...
 Jack kerouac 's sexuality ... ummm ... a subject for a book on his life . I read it through . There is n't anything new here if you read or listen to any of the Beat novels , poems and journals . It 's interesting that in Kerouac 's `` Vanity Of Duluoz '' the dedication page states `` Extra special thanks to Ellis Amburn for his emphatic brilliance and expertise '' . It 's pretty evident what drove Jack to write . It 's all in his books . `` Dr Sax '' comes to mind . One good place to look for the real Jack Kerouac is not with this waste of time book but at a clip of him reading on the Steve Allen Show ... look at his face when he finishes ... closely . It said more about him than a thousand pages of bio 's and bad press .
 An utterly boring subject on Kerouac . Hidden life ? What do you expect ? Gore Vidal , Capote et al surely approved .
 Only the gullible would believe this slanted garbage . The sex list is a major break in the understanding of Kerouac , too bad Amburn tries to make him a one dimensional person . The main premise in the book is that Kerouac was afraid that his homosexual leanings would become common knowledge . In many interviews mentioned by Amburn , Kerouac talks about his homosexual activity . He shouted in a NYC bar that he had sex with Gore Vidal . The sexlist kept by Kerouac includes homosexual encounters . The more information Amburn gives about Kerouac 's `` fear '' of being found out , the more laughable the book 's premise becomes . Amburn 's weak claim of being a friend of Kerouac -LRB- over and over he mentions that Vanity of Dulouz is dedicated to him -RRB- is amusing when compared to his own words about Kerouac and previous editor Robert Giroux , `` Failing to realize that the author-editor relationship is strictly business , Kerouac had naively assumed Giroux to be his friend for life ... '' Amburn knew a positive book would n't sell so he took the low road and dug up a bunch of stale dirt .
 While there 's a lot of good details in The Era of Good Feelings , it is probably best left for the scholars and researchers . There are great details about the Treaty of Ghent , the Second Bank of the U.S. , the Seminole War , Monroe 's diplomacy , the Missouri Compromise , and the Presidency of J.Q. Adams . There 's also a nice chapter on the first wave of the Industrial Revolution . While the Era of Good Feelings is generally associated with Monroe , this book also includes the Presidency of Adams to round out the bridge between the Treaty of Ghent and the Jacksonian Era . When Dangerfield puts the story together , however , it is not as approachable as other tales of American History . There are too many references to unexplained names and events that leave the novice historian with too much work to piece the whole story together .
 I have read several Chinese women authors dealing with the Cultural Revolution and found Red Azalea by Anchee Min to be most unsatisfying . I found myself skipping whole paragraphs because she would dwell on a particular incident so long that I did n't care about it anymore . I would not recommend this book .
 I was excited to read this book , because I collect Asian culture books . I did not enjoy this one ! Anchee Min has a beautiful way of writing -LRB- if you can overlook the fact that she does not use quotations -RRB- I kept reading thinking there would be some valuable content only to be disappointed in the end . I do n't even know why I stuck with it to the end , I guess it was because I did n't have another book to read.I can see Anchee Min writing poetry , I 'm sure it would be beautiful.Red Azaelea was boring.I had just finished Falling Leaves by Adeline Yen Mah . It was wonderful . Red Azaelea ... disappointing !
 Anchee Min 's book about her life during and after the Cultural Revolution is rather naive . She does n't even mention the real reason behind the CR , namely the fact that Mao lost the majority in the Central Committee and unleashed the youth in order to regain his power , causing millions of deaths -LRB- see Simon Leys
 After reading the Scarsdale Medical diet thoroughly , I do n't know how any person that leads the normal fast paced lifestyle which most of us today do , can suceed at this diet . I think the meal plans are very unrealistic and do n't know how they could possibly satisfy the average person . I will try the diet , and then maybe I will feel differently , but am not going into this with a real good feeling ... I wish I would n't have even bothered with the book .
 I ordered a used book and never received it or the replacement that was promised . Now I shop at Borders !
 I was a faithful follower of the Scarsdale Diet in my twenties and thirties . It NEVER failed to work . Any time I needed to shed some pounds quickly , I could always count on it and I 'm one who has always had a hard , long time losing weight . However , my body has changed as I 've aged and the last time I tried it , I could only do it for four days before I had a horrific acid response . As promised , the diet puts your body into a state of ketosis , which is a state of acidity , and which for me now , is painful and detrimental . I 've NEVER had acid reflux in my life -- at least not until I tried this diet again -LRB- after a 10-year absence -RRB- . I followed the diet to the letter and by `` Friday , '' my chest and esophagus felt like they were on fire , I was throwing up digestive acids and could not keep anything down for a week . My brother 's nutritionist was astounded that I would deliberately put my body into a state of ketosis and recommended I try an alkaline diet to recover from the damage done by Scarsdale . In about another week the burning sensations stopped , but buyer , BEWARE . Anything that is not alkaline is acidic , and if you 're sensitive to acidic foods , this diet is not for you .
 I bought this book to replace a library book my son lost . It took over a month to receive and when I got it there were pages missing and it was written in . It was in such bad shape the library would n't take it . I wound up paying for this book AND paying for a new book at the library - Lost time and money on this one . I wo n't buy a used book again via Amazon .
 Never received item . Owner said it was sent through media mail which takes longer . Wanted this for an xmas gift ordered on Dec. 15th and still never received it as of today 1/15/12 . Owner issued refund . I 'm very upset that it was not sent through normal mail , I would have received it in 3 days especially since I paid for the postage . Still have no book !
 Mrs. Byrne 's dictionary is indeed rich with useful and uncommon terms . In a quick at random browsing through the dictionary I checked and compared Byrane 's headwords to other sources as Franklin 's electronic-dictionary Merriam-Webster MWD-1500 , which has 400,000 definitions and 500,000 synonyms ; and M-W 's Unabridged Dictionary ISBN #
 I first read `` Kane & Abel '' also by J. Archer , this one book was so good that even though I know that second parts are not as good as first parts I wanted to read it.This turn out to be an incredibly disapointing book , so much that I had to make a huge effort to keep reading and dont put the book on the trash.More than half of the book only repeats what we already knew from `` Kane & Abel '' , and the rest was just the worst plot ever.How can someone writte so well first and then just be the worst writter ever?I just regret to have buy this book in the first place .
 I am used to reading more exciting mystery stories . I enjoyed Honor Among Thieves but this one is too slow of a read to keep me interested . I only bought it to be the preview of the other Shall We Tell the President , which I hope will not be as slow .
 I am a huge Archer fan , and have read most of his works . Kane & Abel was very nice , but this second installment of the series was several notches below . Almost 50 % of the book is a recap of the first book -LRB- though things are narrated from Florentyna 's views , but a rehash nonetheless -RRB- . The second half of the book is too procedural , in the sense that anyone not knowing the American election system will be absolutely lost and bored . The second half is a little too descriptive of the electoral processes , and even otherwise there is really nothing much to the plot . Planning to now read ` Shall we tell the President ' ... . hope that turns out to the usual Archer affair .
 This is a soap opera . If you enjoy reading about romanticized daily life you will no doubt find this book interesting.I was expecting an action novel . It is n't here . I waded through about half the book and then gave up . I just could not maintain any interest in the continueing lives of Florentyna and Richard.I 'm sure they went on to even greater fame and fortune ... I just do n't care .
 Loved Kane & Abel & was looking forward to reading the sequel . I understand that in a sequel you briefly recap some of the history that happened in the book before but I found the first half of this book , except for a few added details was basically a recap of Kane & Abel - in fact the one chapter was word for word what happened in Kane & Able . It was kind of like re-watching a movie you had already seen . I found myself wanting to skip pages till I got to a part where I did not already know what was going to happen . The second half of the book was mostly politics which I know interests a lot of people but personally for me was incredibly boring ... I should have stopped at Kane & Able
 Life is too short to read this ongoing , never ending rubbish . My problems is i actually finished the book .
 I did n't realize this book was a sequel to one I had read 20 years ago . It could have been better written .
 After reading `` Not a penny more , not a penny less '' , I was expecting a witty and sharp piece of work . Not so this time . Girl meets world , girls wants it , girl overcomes all kinds of obstacles , girl gets world . Yawn . `` Not a penny more ... '' is a FANTASTIC book , if you 've never read Archer before , start with that one . And pass on `` The Prodigal Daughter '' .
 An ambitious woman who sacrifices her family to try to become President . I do n't know if I was supposed to feel her pain and suffering at her losses . I felt for those who were affected by her ambition . Family comes before ANY job .
 As an avid reader of politics I must disagree with popular belief , and say that this book thoroughly disappointed me . Personally , I expect a lot more of Archer and this juvenile , embarrassing excuse of good writing completely stuns me . I have one word for him - edit !
 I read Kane & Abel and think it was perhaps the best book I have ever read . I just could not relate or get care about the ` Prodigal Daughter ' Being ambitious is great but not at the expense of your family and loved ones . Very dissapointed .
 I had just finished Kane & Abel and thought the continuing story line of this family would be great . I have gotten through 70 % of the book and I 'm bored solid and there 's not one character in the book that I can say I even like -LRB- or do n't like -RRB- . They 're all dull . I 've read all of Nelson DeMille and David Baldacci and I thought I would try a new author . My search continues .
 I kept waiting for something exciting to happen . By the time I realized I had made a mistake starting this book I had so much time invested that I was determined to finish it . A very long book with little to keep you interested and every predicament had a predictable outcome .
 Albacete has a warm and chatty writing style , and can talk about everything from Monty Python to Ivan Karamazov . As a non-Catholic and also a spiritual person , I read this book to understand more about Catholic thinking . I found the essence of the book to be found in this quote
 In what almost seems a slight fictionalization of a handful of today 's top dot-coms , `` The Street '' does n't consistently feel like a novel . There is quite a bit of detail as to the financial aspects of launching an IPO , and the roller-coaster ride that entails , but much of the writing felt like sheer exposition of ` let me explain how much I know about the `` new economy '' . ' This shifting of focus from story to economics is forced , and causes this book to read like non-fiction -LRB- something I did not want from this book -RRB- . The base storyline is great -- a financial guru decides to start his own dot com , after seeing the wealth of the dot coms he launches the IPOs for . And that the company , Artemis-5 . com , has no tangible product , is entertaining . While entertaining and whimsical , to believe that Hanley could snag top notch board members without revealing his business plan is utterly unbelievable . Of course , life is only so good for Hanley until the SEC starts poking around . The ending to the book is where the only real suspense exists . For a book billed as a Mystery/Thriller , there is n't much mystery or thrill to learning the ins and outs of Wall Street finance.This story is based so clearly on existing dot-coms -LRB- in particular
 This book is awful . No character development whatsoever , not that you would empathize with anyone in the book anyway . The situations regarding financing , market reactions , Board of Director experts , business model , etc. are so ridiculous that it was obviously written by someone with no industry knowledge and who did n't care to do any research , or who was attempting to parody the Dot Com explosion , but did n't have any insight to do so . What makes this book so bad though is that people do not act like people in this book . For instance , the main character uses the term `` paradigm '' over and over again , as noun , adverb , adjective , and speaks like a Scott Adams consultant caricature -LRB- only much worse -RRB- , yet the people around him all act like the pointy haired manager , instead of mocking the fool.Fortunately , the publisher used a big font and the reading goes pretty quick so the pain of being stuck with this book on a weekend trip ended mercifully much sooner than the heft would have implied .
 James Hanley is a Wall Street worker , tired of the daily grind . Determined to start his own company and get rich , he takes his knowledge of the market and starts Artemis 5 , a company destined to be the next big thing.With a group of financial backers , that should know better , Artemis 5 begins to take form . The start of this company is successful , which comes as a surprise considering they have nothing to offer anyone , but anyway the money comes rolling in , throwing a red-flag to investigators to find out what is so special about this company , and if there is any type of fraud found , the company and all those involved will be brought to their knees . `` The Street '' is a very confusing thriller , if a thriller at all . It is only for those with an interest in the market . Parts of the novel read like a thriller , and other parts read like a comedy , proving that Lee Gruenfeld was not sure where he wanted to go with this book.I could n't finish `` The Street '' . Nick Gonnella
 The plot and story , as far as I read , appear to be copied from a Toby Peters mystery written by Stuart Kaminsky quite some time ago . I do n't recall which Toby Peter 's Hollywood set mystery . I do n't intend to finish reading this book , since the Toby Peters ' novels are n't my favorite among Kaminsky 's many fictioal characters , so why read what appears to be a knockoff . If I am wrong , I apologize to Mr. Woods whose previous novels I 've enjoyed .
 Stuart Woods is one of my favorite authors but boy was I disappointed in his latest book . I wanted to stop reading it from the get-go but because this was Stuart Woods , I knew it would pick up . NOT ! I love the Stone and Holly books , even the Will novel . Why would he stray from success ? SW
 Never has a story rambled on from one story line to the next . We have a lead character that progresses from cop to security guard to movie producer , navy pilot , war hero , family man.How disappointing ; all his other works are quite excellent .
 Woods ' leading characters seem to be the same person only in different clothing . They also tend to come into money and success repeatedly through pure accident . In most of his books , the story is sufficiently well done that I gloss over this and enjoy the ride . Unfortunately , The Prince of Beverly Hills carries forward the worse aspects of all Woods ' plots , but with little plot or story ; it meanders around , miraculous things happen to the main character -LRB- through little effort of his own -RRB- and then ends .
 Definetly not one of Stu 's best . I think he needs to stick to the Stone Barrington character , or make Rick Barron 's adventures a little more interesting . Maybe Stu needs to read a couple James Patterson novels .
 mr. woods kept going down the hill but still so actively churning out bad almost barely readable novels year after year . this hollywood detective/cop turning bad story really sucks big time . very bad dialogue and storyline . guess woods simply could n't get away from hollywood too far.now i rank him under sidney sheldon and harold robbins . give it a rest of this kind of hollywood junk , do n't waste too much paper again .
 Gossamer thin plot , calling the characters ` characters ' is an overstatement because there is no character anywhere . But there 's room in popular fiction for fairy tales
 Not having read a Stuart Woods book before , -LRB- and based on this experience , I 'll be avoiding him in the future ! -RRB- I did n't have any preconceptions of him as an author . Based on this one book , he should look for another line of work immediately - as should the editors who had the nerve to publish this.The book opens w / an LA cop committing an immoral , unethical and illegal act . Figuring this was a lead-in to a story about corruption in the LA police in the 1930s , I was disgusted to discover he 's the hero ! He never reflects on what he did as being wrong - he never reflects on anything , we are scarcely shown a thought in his head . That opening act leads to a series of highly improbable benefits and opportunities to him as he enters the movie business , first basically as a thug and before you know it , he 's a producer!It 's just filled with ridiculous things like , his boss suggests investing in real estate , and our ` hero ' is driving in the little town of Malibu and thinks , this might be a good place to buy . Just so - obvious , unlikely.The story has all the outlines of a great plot - colorful characters , time and place . Except that none of the colors are filled in - to say these are cardboard characters is insulting to cardboard - they are toilet-paper thin.The whole thing reads like an outline of a book - except they forgot to make the author fill it in . It 's an unabashed attempt to make money off of this author 's reputation , and all involved should be ashamed .
 I expect better from Mr. Woods . Plot is implausible . He name drops throughout book , but `` stars '' add nothing to story unless you think Clark Gable 's having false teeth is important . Actually book is supposed to be a take-off on a true story involving Lana Turner and Johnny Stampato.Don ' t waste time and money . Wait for his next book , bound to be better .
 If you have read my past reviews you know I think it is pretty worthless to actually talk about the story , but to actually talk about the enjoyment factor of reading fiction . I mean you do n't read fiction as a means of actually furthering your education or anything . You read it because it is fun and enjoyable . You lose yourself it the book as a 3rd party observer and go for a literary ride for a while . Well this ride was fun for about 3/4 of the book . After that if feels like your are on a descent roller coaster of fiction going along with the story and then 3/4 of the way through the book Stuart Woods kind of hops the track and takes you on a path that has absolutely nothing to do with the previous 250 pages . I actually liked the beginning and middle and should have stopped there and then made up my own ending and I would have given it 3 stars . Do n't waste your time or money on this one ... or do if you want to chuckle at what a silly ending the books has . I really ca n't say enough at how it seems Stuart Woods just really got tired of writing this book and then just farmed out the ending to someone that had n't actually read the first 3/4 of the book .
 Changing a character 's name and the setting of the story does n't make for a new character . Send Stone Barrington back 65 years , move him to California , and welcome to the world of Rick Barron.Rick , a beat cop , happens to witness a car accident , and scuttles the drunk movie actor back to his studio with no regard for the person he killed . For that , he 's rewarded with a job as the studio 's director of security and Stone 's lifestyle -- a great job , new car , house and wardrobe , rich important friends , tons of money and all the beautiful women he can eyeball . Then , for some inexplicable reason , he 's suddenly a movie producer , producing Hollywood blockbusters . Then , suddenly he 's a Navy pilot . and we get rushed through the last 50 pages of Rick 's war adventures.I guess Woods knows that his Stone Barrington series is down the toilet , so he decided to deceive readers into thinking he had a new character and storyline in order to get them to buy his latest piece of garbage , when in fact it was the same old , same old . Holly at least was different when she started out , and did n't fall into the trap until she inherited money and met up with Stone in New York . Now Woods can boast of having three lousy series going at the same time.Don ' t waste your money , particularly if you 're a Stone Barrington reader ... you 've seen it all before .
 I have read all of Wood 's various books starting with the sailing book he wrote years ago . I have always enjoyed his writting and looked forward to every new book . Sorry to say this book was an extreme dissapointment . Very simple plot lines and a new character who was so much like Stone Barrington I do n't know why he even created a new one . Every characteristic of this `` new '' character screamed Stone Barrington to me . This looks like a book that was just tossed out and it is an insult to all the fans of Woods for him to give us a book that he obviously did n't take pride in . I will be more careful with his next book and not just buy it because it is written by Woods .
 There once was a time when Stuart Woods was a good writer . Nowadays , he seems to be little more than passable , and it often seem that the only reason I 'm still reading his books are -LRB- a -RRB- the hope that he will return to previous form and -LRB- b -RRB- they remain quick reads . In his latest book , The Prince of Beverly Hills , we are treated to a new character and setting , but it is the same old Woods , aspiring to be little more than a simple beach read.In Prince , we are introduced to Rick Barron , a Beverly Hills cop in 1939 who happens upon a drunk driving accident involving A-list actor Clete Barrow . Barron covers up the crime and is rewarded with a high level studio security job , along with a new home and car . Not unlike Woods series character Stone Barrington , success just seems to come naturally to Barron . Although he needs to contend with a mid-level gangster named Chick Stampano -LRB- an obvious fictional version of real-life criminal Johnny Stompanato -RRB- and various real organized crime figures , this almost seems to be a distraction from Barron 's life of glamor and girls.As usual , Woods tells a pretty straightforward story with minimal twists . The story is a minor diversion but far from great literature . Perhaps most annoying in this book is Woods 's inability to create any real variety in names . Almost all his characters are similarly named , with many having double-r 's , including Barrow , Barron -LRB- only one letter difference ! -RRB- , Harris , Morrison and Terry , with almost everyone else having some other double-letter combination . I suppose there could be some sort of joke behind this , but I 'm missing it.Finally , Woods treats Barrow as a generally good guy and immediately dismisses the fact that this man killed an innocent woman due to his drunk driving ; no guilt is ever felt by this character , not because he is some sort of sociopath , but merely because the woman is completely forgotten . Her death is a mere plot device to get Barron into his new career -LRB- and he never has any regrets over using this dead woman to get all his dreams to come true -RRB- . There is something distasteful about the whole thing , and demonstrates Woods 's inability to create a story with any sort of real depth.So even if this is a fast read and minimally entertaining , it once again shows that Woods either has fading talents or is not interested in quality writing . I may continue to check out his books - in hope of the good old days - or I may not ; he has been trying my patience for too long . Even if you 're just looking for that beach book to kill some idle hours , you can do better than this completely skippable book .
 I think my title says it all , but I 'll add a few reasons why . Bad writing , unappealing characters with no characterization at all -LRB- actually , that 's a bit of a feat - how did Woods manage that ? -RRB- trite dialogue , idiotic plot . Need I say more ? I guess I 'm especially bitter because I was trapped on a five hour flight , had already seen the movie being shown and all I had to read was this book . I wanted to parachute out of the plane . I see that used copies of this book are available for one cent . Save your penny .
 I usually buy Stuart Woods books as soon as they come out , but somehow this one I missed . I got it recently when a bookstore had a buy 3 get one free sale . I 'm glad I did n't actually spend any money on it . It 's a fairly ` ho-hum ' story , where the action just never seems to pick up . The ending of the book was also a big disappointment for me . I think there was so much more potential in the story , but Woods ' just was n't up to some of his better efforts . One of my personal favorites still is Imperfect Strangers . Some of his more recent books just have n't had the same level of suspense .
 I enjoyed it at first , then realized the writer was taking it easy , coasting from success to success in the person of Rick Barron . Demoted from detective to car patrolman , late one night he witnesses a horrific car collision . The driver who died had not stopped at the STOP sign , certainly , and was technically at fault . The drunken driver who drove at 60 mpg down Sunset Blvd. survives and happens to be famous British actor Clete Barrow . Thinking quickly , Barron rescues him and carts him to his bungalow on the Centurion lot . Eddie Harris , Centurion 's producer is grateful and makes sure the accident is kept out of the news . For that matter , the death of the woman driver disappears from everyone 's consciousness . Eddie Harris brings Rick Barron into Centurion as head of security , a special kind of security intended to suppress and smooth over similar incidents . The most troublesome flea in Barron 's and the studio 's fur is a mobster named Stampano who beats up actresses and works for Lucky Luciano . Luciano happens to be serving prison time though that is a minor inconvenience in his operations . It is apparent to me that Stampano is modeled after the mobster Johnny Stompanato who is killed by actress Lana Turner 's daughter Cheryl , who was protecting her mother . As Rick Barron proceeds from success to success in becoming the Prince of Beverly Hills , and Clete Barrow endears himself to all as a charming good fellow , everyone but perhaps the reader forgets about the killing of the woman driver in the start of the story . So do Barron and Barrow , although the latter may never have been aware of his guilt . The story -- what there is of it -- is devoid of a fictional structure -- no plot , no conflicts , no highs no lows . It is simply a narrative as though committed to a journal . A cheap and easy piece of nonwork .
 I bought this book for $ 250 and I also bought `` How to Create and Manage a Mutual Fund or Exchange-Traded Fund '' 9780470120552 for ~ $ 70 . This book was paper back and the `` How to create ... '' book was hardback and copy written 3 years later -LRB- 2008 compared to 2005 of this book . -RRB- The words are mostly the same on the mutual fund side , but they have added exchange traded funds into the book . All the graphs are updated and it is written by the same author .
 I 'm in the investment business and have sufficient assets under management to start a mutual fund , thus my interest . The book was informative in a basic way but somewhat out of date and no way is it worth $ 165 .
 I bought this book to learn and understand the mechanics that lay behind bridge monevents , especially Howell movement . Namely , tables for Howell movement can be found everywhere on the Net , but how to create a Howell table is not such a trivial job . The book dissapoint me in this , for it explains movement on the level of using ready-to-use cards.Second big dissapointment is graphical design of the book . Graphics in the book are hand-made , tables are copied in poorely quality . It was understandeable for the first edition , dated in 1967 , but second edition , the one from 1993 , had to be graphically revised , too.To resume , if yoe are looking for simple guide to help you to comprehend bridge tournaments , to use ready-to-use tables for movements , you could consider to use this book . On the other side , if you want to understand the movements , you will be dissapinted with this book .
 Readers with previous experience with Ornstein 's books may find The Right Mind the most interesting he 's written . The view of brain through psychology offers a different approach about brain functions . For Beginners , this book may be quite useful . Though I read other book from Ornestein , I was expecting to find deep research on brain assymetry , which this book is poor , there 's nothing you ca n't find over Internet on related sites . For intermeddiate readers on brain issue , this book may offer some interesting approaches , but too hard to get them between 200 pages . Instead , I would reccomend Carl Sagan 's `` Broca 's Brain '' , a marvelous and interesting book about brain development . Advanced readers wo n't like Ornstein for explaing brain lateralization , and a more appropriate book would be `` Left brain , Right Brain '' , the only serious book written on this subject . Conclusion
 Readers with previous experience with Ornstein 's books may find The Right Mind the most interesting he 's written . The view of brain through psychology offers a different approach about brain functions . For Beginners , this book may be quite useful . Though I read other book from Ornestein , I was expecting to find deep research on brain assymetry , which this book is poor , there 's nothing you ca n't find over Internet on related sites . For intermeddiate readers on brain issue , this book may offer some interesting approaches , but too hard to get them between 200 pages . Instead , I would reccomend Carl Sagan 's `` Dragons of Eden '' , a marvelous and interesting book about brain development . Advanced readers wo n't like Ornstein for explaing brain lateralization , and a more appropriate book would be `` Left brain , Right Brain '' , the only serious book written on this subject . Conclusion
 Do n't waste your money on this dreck . Poorly-written , ill-conceived , ridiculous premise . Laughable at best and I 've read a lot of books .
 This so called `` ebook '' is a 6 page pdf file . First page contains the book 's title and second page copyright and some annoying disclaimer . So all that is there for the list of `` Top Open Source Programs '' are 4 pages with many typos , badly written English and a sentence or two about each program . A Google search on `` Open Source Programs '' is more informative than this joke . The `` Open source software '' page on Wikipedia is better organized and better presented . No wonder one does n't get to preview this book before purchase . Please do n't be fooled by the `` From The Editors of SmithRiley '' phrase , it is still a rip off and even if offered for free it is not worth your while ; a mouse click is too expensive for this `` book '' .
 I read this to my 7 year old and she was having trouble following the story . Just very choppy and a strange story . She did n't even want me to finish it . Not very well written at all .
 This was disturbing to my very bright daughter when she was 6-7 . She asked me to get rid of it , which she never asks me to do . Auntie Claus is very strange and more than a little creepy . The pictures are gorgeous , but the story just did n't make a lot of sense . Another writer said that better , but then we dumped the book several years ago . However , the author is great and my daughter is now 10 and she adores this author 's Secret Order of the Gumm Street Girls .
 This story should have been a novel . The characters are not well developed . Sophie 's new compassion for her brother is not grounded in anything that came before , and is not believable . Auntie Claus 's role at the North Pole is never explained -- what does she do there?If she is Sophie 's aunt , why do n't Sophie 's parents know what she does ? Etc.etc.If Primavera had written a full length novel she would have had room to answer these questions , develop the characters more fully , and give her plot firmer foundations.This is a frustrating book because she had a good idea , but developed it so poorly .
 Cute premise , but ... this book just does n't do it for me . I have been holding this book in my Amazon cart for a few weeks , waiting until I placed a large Christmas order . I 'm glad I read short bits of this book in the bookstore before ordering it . The storyline is not entertaining in my opinion . Also , holidays such as Valentine 's Day and Halloween are mentioned . My family and I do not celebrate Halloween , so this is another downfall of the book .
 Seeing mixed reviews , I read this book in the bookstore and I was glad I did n't order it . The plot is very weak and the morale of the story is a stretch . The story never shows or describes why it is better to give . It just throws the morale out in the end . Too bad . Because the drawings are delightful .
 From its New York setting to its actual plot , Auntie Claus is a rip-off of William Joyce 's SANTA CALLS . For the real thing , I suggest reading Joyce 's book .
 If you 're a Type A personality , this is the book for you . If you 're not , I suggest ` Secrets of a Freelance Writer ' by Robert W. Bly or ` The Well-Fed Writer ' by Peter Bowerman . Both authors deliver accurate , detailed and practical information ; but , unlike Ms. Flynn , they do it with grace , style , humor and a modicum of humility . Both Bly and Bowerman lack hubris.I agree with the reviewer from Massachusetts
 I started reading this book , and while it seems to have some good points , the writing is pretty bad -LRB- strange for a book on writing to be poorly written -RRB- . She keeps repeating herself over and over , about how successful she is . While trying to inspire , she is also depressing , that it may take years or decades to get yourself established . I do n't think so ... sounds like she 's just trying to make money from this book , yet wants to discourage any new competition ! Take my advice and buy the `` Well Fed Writer '' by Peter Bowerman . His advice is better , his writing is funny and very readable , and he does n't speak to the reader like they 're a moron . Which Flynn does , by the way .
 -LSB- This review notes a problem with the Hesperus Press Kindle edition . It is not a review of the book itself . -RSB- Hesperus Press offers the most expensive Kindle edition of `` The Tragedy of Korosko '' . Unfortunately , the work delivered is `` Through the Magic Door '' , a long essay in which Conan Doyle ruminates about his favorite writers . The substitution is surely inadvertent . A review seemed like the best way to call it to the publisher 's attention and in the meantime warn prospective buyers .
 When I first read this book , I was highly impressed . I felt that Curtis had collected an amazingly great amount of information . However , once I inspected it more closely , I found that the Curtis book has at least seventeen errors . What good is a book in which you have to take everything written with a grain of salt?Worse , the person that wrote it is the vice-president of Zorro Productions . The entire thing could have been * much * more carefully researched , but it was like she merely slapped together a bunch of stale information . She even neglects to mention the now out-of-print `` Legend of Zorro '' by Bill Yenne , which she probably used as a source of information . -LRB- `` Legend '' was the first * real * authority on Zorro in over seventy years . -RRB- Curtis spends much time merely talking about `` Gertz '' -LRB- as she calls her husband , the president and owner of Zorro Productions -RRB- and whether or not he liked certain things about more recent productions . Who really cares ? She is supposed to be unbiased in her opinions , but Curtis most certainly is NOT.That 's not to mention Unmasked 's choppy , spoiler-filled synopsis ' of movies , or the second-rate photos.The book is also filled with many untruths about Duncan Regehr , and Curtis made an effort only to interview one of the cast members of the 1990-93 series . The other New Zorro interviews were sent to her by A&E productions , a fact she freely admits to in the introduction of her book.All in all , `` Unmasked '' is a sad lot of hastily collected , predujiced information . I 'd give it lower rating , if not for the important information on the original New World Zorro pilot . That is , if we can believe it.If you really want an authority on Zorro , do n't go to Zorro Productions . Find a knowledgeable fan .
 At first glance this book seems almost as simple as paint-by-number , but when trying to do the projects I found that the explanations were sketchy and the photographs did n't show every step . I 'm not an absolute beginner with pastels but my attempts certainly did n't get anywhere near the projects shown , and I do n't feel as thought I learned anything . It 's nice to see what 's possible , but it would be better to work with simpler projects that are explained in detail . I definitely do n't recommend this book to anyone who is not already accomplished in oil painting if not pastels .
 `` The foundations of Leninism '' from 1924 is a quintessentially boring , dry and relatively uninteresting work , dealing with some basic tenets of the Communist message . It has been translated and reprinted for one reason only . `` The foundations of Leninism '' was written by Joseph Stalin.Yes , * that * Joseph Stalin.Stalin apparently held a series of lectures at the Sverdlov university in Moscow dedicated to the Lenin levy , the massive Bolshevik recruitment campaign after the death of Lenin . `` The foundations of Leninism '' is based on these lectures.Most of the text is Communism 101 . Stalin explains why the socialist revolution took place in Russia rather than in the advanced Western nations , attacks the reformists of the Second International -LRB- the Social Democrats -RRB- and emphasizes the need for a dictatorship of the proletariat led by a Communist vanguard party . The author expresses strong support for the prohibition of factions within the Communist Party . Stalin never mentions the existence of other parties within a socialist republic , thereby implying one party rule -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- . The text also contains explicit and implicit attacks on Trotsky and his supporters . Stalin condemns the theory of permanent revolution -LRB- associated with Trotsky but probably not upheld by him in 1924 -RRB- , and explains the difference between this theory and Marx ' talk about permanent or uninterrupted revolution.A large part of the book is devoted to the peasant question . Stalin has a relatively positive view of the peasantry as an ally of the proletariat and the socialist revolution . This reflects the political situation in 1924 , when the Bolsheviks had stabilized the situation in the Soviet Union through concessions to the peasantry in the form of the New Economic Policy -LRB- NEP -RRB- . Internationally , the Communist International was wooing peasant support through the Red Peasant International or Krestintern . This policy had a brief success in Croatia , Poland and even the United States . Of course , around 1929 Stalin had begun to sound a very different note , since the NEP had strengthened kulaks and proto-capitalists , thereby undermining Soviet power . The liquidation of the kulaks as a class and forced collectivization of the entire peasantry was to follow . But in 1924 , this was still in the future . In `` The foundations of Leninism '' , Stalin sounds the more familiar note of accusing certain unnamed opponents -LRB- probably Trotsky & Co -RRB- of underestimating the peasantry.Stalin 's book also contain a very positive appraisal of national liberation movements in the colonies . They are said to be objectively revolutionary , even if led and dominated by reactionary elements such as the emir of Afghanistan or the Egyptian merchant class . On this point too , Trotsky would later deviate in a more `` leftist '' direction.The theory of `` Socialism in one country '' is mentioned only in passing in this book , or perhaps not at all . -LRB- I 'm not sure where the other reviewer spotted it . -RRB- On a more humorous note , Stalin says that American efficiency is part of the Leninist style of party work ! -LRB- Lenin was more into the German post office ... -RRB- `` The foundations of Leninism '' is n't a particularly exciting document . However , it may be of some interest to very advanced students of Soviet history , since it 's Stalin 's first important work after the death of Lenin , and one of the first shots in the intra-party struggles following it .
 I usually take recommendations from friends about books or make sure I get a credible review before I invest the time in reading a book . I did not do that in the case of Every Sunday . This book was horrible from every angle . The characters were stereotypical , one dimensional at best , the dialogue was childish and the plot a complete and utter joke . To be brief
 On the premise , this sounded like a great easy read . This has got to be one of the worst books I have read . The plot was predictable . The writing was amateur . There was no substance . I did n't even finish the book . I did n't care to see how it ends . The one time I do n't check reviews . Do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 This book can be reviewed in one word ` INSIPID '' . Life is too short to be spent reading dull storiesabout adult characters who behave like adolescentsand a storyline that is better suited to a 40 ` swomens magazine like `` True Confessions '' . Thewriting is amateurish , the story boring.If what you crave is a novel about folks you canempathize with and whose lives you really care aboutyou 'd be much better off investing your hoursin reading Evening Class or Tara Road -LRB- both by Maeve Binchy -RRB- . Both are easy , enjoyable reads .
 This book was a very old copy of the book and the pages had turned brown a little . Good book but a little disappointed with quality . Would have at least liked a heads up .
 ~ * LOVE THAT DOG * ~ Love that dog is about poems , and only poems . You would think it was about dog , because of the title but its not , I thought it was about dogs so I got it , but its not at all about dogs , It &#65533; s hard to follow because it &#65533; s written in poetry writing . It &#65533; s very boring . And also that it only about hundred pages , and its really easy to read . In conclusion , if you don &#65533; t like poems then don &#65533; t check this book out if you do like poems then go ahead .
 Love That MuttI thought the novel was a boring book . The poem that Jack wrote about only `` girls just write poems and boys do n't '' is not true , because I write poems once in a while . I think that the `` Red Wheelbarrow '' is a very confusing poem . It took me a couple of minutes to get it.Then there 's the story with the blue car splashed with mud . Jack talks about it throughout the whole book . Jack gives hints so you could find out what happened . As you read more into the story , you start to find out what happens.As I told you in the paragraph before , this story is about the blue car . It ends up the reason why Jack talks about the blue car so much is because the blue car hit his yellow dog named Sky.At the beginning of he story Jack is very shy about showing people his poems . His teacher wants to put one of his poems about his dog on the board , but he refuses . But as you read more of the story , he becomes more sure of his poems and lets his teacher put his poems on the board . He learned that not only girls write poems , boys can , too.Christopher
 This story takes place in a boys head writing poetry in the day . He thinks about a blue car speeding down a road saying the car still gets many miles still needs to go before he sleeps.The main characters of the book were Jack , Blue , Yellow dog named Sky it just talked about the day . The main idea was how the dog was and the boy Jack the book described them about how they look and how the boy took care of Sky.I think this book was interesting because what it talk about a blue car and a yellow dog . But it was of for a person that likes poetry cause on every page it was pages . It was a little hard to understand and when you read it changes what it talks about .
 I did n't like this book because it 's so hard to understand what 's going on ; with all the poetry and stuff.I however liked how the author described the dog and the cute picture on the cover . I mostly rated this book 2 stars because of the dog dying in the end . I mean at one moment the dog is happily chasing the ball and then ... . sorry I had to wipe my eyes ; and then he gets killed by a car.I hate it when animals die in books so i 'm going to change my rating to only one star.If you like crying go and read this book , but I hated it .
 Love That Dog , by Sharon Creech.Boy 's do n't write poetry , girls do . Love That Dog is about a young boy who hate 's poetry . After a while he begins to enjoy poetry also he likes the poet Walter Dean Myers . I thought that that book was one of the worst books I have ever read . I would not reccomend this book to anyone . The ages that might like this book are 5-10 . It was a terrible book .
 Love That DogLove that dog is a book all about poems . Well , to be honest this book was n't that a great book . Every poem does n't go together like a regular chapter/story book . If it was a poem or a rhyming book that would go together like a storybook , then I 'd read it , other ways I would never read a poem book again . If your wanting a story about dogs this is definitely not the book for you .
 ~ * ~ Love that dog ~ * ~ Love that dog isn &#65533; t about dogs at all . It is just a mix of poems / all different boring poems . The book is too easy for kids our age . The cover has nothing to do with the poems in the book . The poems have nothing to do with dogs . if knew that the book didn &#65533; t have anything to do with dogs I would have never read that book . I really recommend you not read this book unless you like mixed up poems . If the books were about dogs , I would recommend it to you , but it &#65533; s not , so I think you should read the first poem before you check out the book.By
 love that dog is not that great in all because he just buys a dog then at the end it gets ran over by blue car.I do n't like it because it repets the same thing over and over and it gets anoing , like at the end of the book it says that blue blue car speeding down the road road road so fast . That is anoing and boring.If you want to read this book go ahead but if you are board then you shood of have listened to me and not of have read the book . If you like reading boring books than this is the book for you !!
 This story takes place in a boys head writing poetry in the day . He thinks about a blue car speeding down a road saying the car still gets many miles still needs to go before he sleeps.The main characters of the book were Jack , Blue , Yellow dog named Sky it just talked about the day . The main idea was how the dog was and the boy Jack the book described them about how they look and how the boy took care of Sky.I think this book was interesting because what it talk about a blue car and a yellow dog . But it was of for a person that likes poetry cause on every page it was pages . It was a little hard to understand and when you read it changes what it talks about .
 Love That Dog by Sharon Creech is written in a poetry form . Normally I would enjoy that type of story , but the poetry was a little dry . The reason I think that is because when I was reading the book I constontly thought of ways to say things that would make the story more interesting without changeing the plotline . If you were to read this book , the story is about a boy who hates poetry . Later his teacher teaches him to enjoy poetry . If you would like to read a book in the format in poetry I would reccomend Witness , by Walter Dean Myers .
 ~ * LOVE THAT DOG * ~ Love that dog is about poems , and only poems . You would think it was about dog , because of the title but its not , I thought it was about dogs so I got it , but its not at all about dogs , It 's hard to follow because it 's written in poetry writing . It 's very boring . And also that it only about hundred pages , and its really easy to read . In conclusion , if you do n't like poems then do n't check this book out if you do like poems then go ahead .
 Love that dog is nothing about dogs what so ever , and I thought that it was going to be all about dogs . This book is about Poems . I would have never read it if the cover never said Love That Dog . This book is hard to follow because it written in poems and it is really boring and does not interest me at all . I think that if the poems were about dogs then I might have read it?Another things that I thought was that it is are easy to read because it only had 100 pages . Some other things I know about the book is that it switches from poems to poems . I am just trying to let you know that this book is about poems . If you like dogs then this would not be the book for you to read . In conclusion I do not recommend this book unless you like poems .
 Love That DogLove that dog is a book all about poems . Well , to be honest this book wasn &#65533; t that a great book . Every poem doesn &#65533; t go together like a regular chapter/story book . If it was a poem or a rhyming book that would go together like a storybook , then I &#65533; d read it , other ways I would never read a poem book again . If your wanting a story about dogs this is definitely not the book for you .
 Love That Dog is a powerful story about a young boy named Jack . The format of the story was relatively unusual ; it was a journal-type book . It begins with Jack explaining how he believes that boys do not write poetry , only girls do . `` I tried . Ca n't do it . Brain 's empty . '' In the following few days , his teacher shares poetry with the class . In his journal , Jack expresses his confusion with the meaning of these poems . Using inner feelings and past experiences , Jack `` reads between the lines '' and finds the deeper meanings within the poems . He then applies his experiences to these meanings and derives his own , unique values . Over time , he uses his inner feelings and personal connections to make the poems have their own unique meaning to himself . His teacher , Ms. Stretchberry , encourages him to compose his own poetry . He gives it to her , asking not to put his name on it and not to put it on the class bulletin board . He began to write more and more poems . The more comfortable he becomes with his writing , the less timid he becomes with the exposure of his poetry to his classmates.One of the poems Jack composes was inspired by a poem written by Walter Dean Myers , which his teacher read in class . It was a poem that used many of Walter Dean Myers ' words , which Jack thought would make Mr. Myers upset . Therefore , he asked his teacher to hide it so no one , including Walter Dean Myers , would be able to see it . This poem sparked Jack 's strong ability , talent , and true love for poetry . Jack became so interested in Walter Dean Myers and his works that he wrote a letter to Mr. Myers articulating Jack 's admiration and invited Mr. Myers to visit his school . Ms. Stretchberry warns Jack that it may take months for Walter Dean Myers to respond , if he ever responds at all . With Jack 's great patience , his much-anticipated response arrived in the mail . Walter Dean Myers was coming `` to our city , to our school , to our class . '' Jack was so excited to see Walter Dean Myers , and the book 's powerful ending was the icing on the cake!If you are one who enjoys finding the deeper meaning in things , you must read this book . This boy 's love , creativity , graciousness , and inspiration truly drove the emotions . I highly recommend this book to readers who appreciate powerful words and deep meanings . I also recommend it to those who appreciate poetry or who want inspiration or the sudden desire to write poetry . This book delivered a meaningful message and I strongly recommend it to readers of any age . After reading it , one will `` love poetry like a bird loves to fly ! ''
 I thought this book was boring but at the same time funny , too . It was boring to me because Jack kept saying the same thing over and over , like he would read a poem and copy it from the same words . Well , I know it 's not bad copying and writing the same words with different meanings , but still it gets annoying hearing the same thing over . Another thing that I did n't understand was the poem about `` The Red Wheelbarrow . '' That sure confused me until my teacher explained it to me . The funny part was when he was worrying too much and saying all this stuff about what if author Walter Dean Myers does n't come to his school and visit him . But he did come to visit him . That was funny when he said in a poem , `` I tried.Can ' t do it.Brain 's empty . `` because he did not even try to do it . The sad part that sure got to me was when he talked about how the car killed his dog Sky and what he was like `` when he was still alive in his poems '' . Another thing was that Jack sure was crazy because he did n't want to recognize that boys also write poems as well as girls do . Jack also did n't recognize how talented his poems were until his friends told him that they were great . So from then on he wrote his name on his poems . It was very clever of Sharon Creech putting famous poems that other people wrote in her book . I think the book was okay to read .
 I almost died of boredom . I am an extreme book lover and this book just about killed me !
 What a bad book . The `` poetry '' is terrible , the kissup to Walter Dean Myers bizarre -LRB- does the author owe him a favor ? -RRB- , and basically the `` lesson '' is that any kid can learn to copy someone else 's poems practically verbatim and be bad.Jacqueline Woodson 's LOCOMOTION is much , much better .
 The poetry was lame and the story told even worse . It was a nice attempt to a poetry story book , but , well lets just say that the author should try better next time .
 Kelly Baker is taking a hiatus from her high powered Houston law firm to work at her cousin 's coffee shop in small town Texas . She is recovering from a nervous breakdown . Four years earlier , her husband and daughter were killed by a drunk driver . She has still not recovered.Grant Wilcox is a forester . He has just settled in Lane , Texas , bought timber land , and when he and Kelly meet they are instantly attracted . Neither one wants a commitment . She has every intention of going back to Houston and he plans on staying in Lane.At first , Kelly is a bit hard to like and this is because she is almost condescending to Grant , she views him as one of the local yokels . As she spends time with him , her ideas about small town life change , however she misses her life in Houston.Grant is at times macho but knows how to be sensitive too . He is not afraid to say he is sorry . Kelly seems afraid to embrace life to its fullest.I wish I could give this more than 2 stars . The ingredients were there for a satisfying story but somehow the characters never really brought their A game . Neither one communicates their feelings well . Grant is better at it than Kelly who is terrible at reading between the lines . Furthermore Kelly can be snippy , she is quick to put Grant in his place even when he does n't deserve it . I would have liked to see more emotional depth to Kelly , especially her feelings over the loss of her family.Grant was a loner . He had a romantic relationship in his past but the reader never really knows what went wrong . How did it affect him ? What was this mystery woman like ? Again more character development would have made this into a three or four star novel .
 I assume that people interested in audio versions of O'Brian 's novels have already read the books . So , listening to a read version is a supplementary pleasure that can follow a great read . My rating here has nothing to do with the literary quality of the work in question . The whole Aubrey-Maturin series is superb . But if you want to listen to them I recommend that youy stay away from any read by Simon Vance . He is unable to sufficiently differentiate the characters , with their diverse accents from around the world . For example , Maturin grew up in Ireland , and should therefore have a bit of an Irish accent . Vance ca n't do it , and offers stuffy readings that makes Jack sound like a bombastic jerk , and Stephen like a mincing prig . And in his hands , Diana sounds like a silly simpering ninny . An actor , not just a reader is required . I highly recommend Patrick Tull , who recorded the entire series with consistent success and enthusiasm , as well as John Lee , who unfortunately only recorded the first 6 volumes .
 For true Dragon Dice lovers , this book was a major disappointment . According to the author , Esfah is a dark and twisted world , where all characters seem to have a streak of evil running through them . Based on the best-selling game , Cast of Fate has little resemblance to the game , and would be more likely to turn people away than intrigue them enough to play . While the story idea had merit -LRB- a Morehl orphan raised by a Selumari general -RRB- , I was disappointed that it did n't delve more deeply into that relationship . Instead it veered off into politics and betrayals , leaving me bored . Painting the races of Nature -LRB- namely the coral elves and dwarves -RRB- as opportunistic backstabbers was a mistake . In my opinion , Allen Varney rushed the job and failed to research the game as thoroughly as he could have . The only thing good about this book was the playable die that came with it , which in my opinion is the only reason anyone would even want to make the purchase . If you buy this , use the die , toss the book . Personally , I could write a better story . This one is a complete stinker .
 never quite get the essence of jing jong . Free translations on the web are much better
 A pile of neo-orthodox feminist trash ! This commentary is full of modernist anti-Christian and liberal ideas that completely undermine and distort the nature and purpose of the Book of Proverbs . He sees no overarching stucture or development to the Book ! What a `` fool ! '' Let me just say , YES ! THERE IS ! He downplays the Solomonic authorship . He makes no mention of the role of the book as a manual for princes , soldiers , or magistrates -LRB- common in the Ancient world i.e. Xenophon 's Cyropedia -RRB- . Read Psalm 1-2 and Psalm 101 ! This is typical of the feminism , antinomianism and political polytheism of today ! There is moreover nothing said either of the role of Proverbs in a theology of Christian education or for child training . How shocking !!! The implications for Christian education and for homeshooling in Proverbs are numerous ! I wonder does this guy have a wife and kids ? You would n't think so by this stupid commentary !!! Is this scholar blind as a bat ??? There is moreover very little of Christ and the Gospel in the commentary at all either ! It reads like a dull and tedious academic monograph written by a complete pagan . And what theology there is in this commentary is largely watered down by modern liberal academic or neo-orthodox jargon ; the constant use of YHWH instead of simply `` the Lord , '' a very low view of the glory and sovereignty of God , the doctrine of the Covenant , the history of redemption , and of the revelation of Christ in the OT ; a distorted and modernist view of the fear of God and true wisdom ; a cowardly downplaying of God 's wrath upon idolatry , false religion , the wicked , the foolish , the harlot , as well as pagans and idolaters in the world . You do not get any sense whatsoever of the serious contrast that is in the Book of Proverbs made between the way of the Lord -LRB- which is wisdom , the fear of God , true worship , righteousness and holiness ... as well as the virtuous woman who is a godly housewife -RRB- and that of the wicked and the idolater which leads to hell . There is also no recognition whatsoever of the spiritual imagery made throughout of the church/Israel as the bride of Christ ! Just the constant dumb and stupid terminology of `` Woman Wisdom . '' How ungodly ! There is no prophetic or eschatological hope ! No reference made to the relation of the prophets at all either ! He even speaks as if there is no mention whatsover of the resurrection or the final judgment ! This makes the commentary very trite and superficial . There is also a perverse accomodation to modern feminist ideology throughout of the book . Longman even has the audacity to say that you could change `` son '' to `` child '' in many passages for the sake of gender equality , or even that Proverbs 21:9 and others like it could equally refer to a contentious man ! And he says the virtuous woman is described largely in terms of `` a business woman . '' What a brazen piece of compromising liberal feminist crap that totally distorts the Book of Proverbs ! Longman has no real spiritual knowledge or understanding of the Book of Proverbs , or for that matter Ecclesiastes or the Song of Solomon . His accomodationist attitude to modern secular culture betrays him ! This commentary and sadly many others like it today of the same nature -LRB- modern broad-evangelical neo-liberal scholarship -RRB- show how spiritually apostate the churches and seminaries have become over the last generation . Longman is certainly not the worst . But this is a very bad commentary ! There is more `` unbelief , foolishness , and chasing after the wind '' in this commentary than there is real substantial wisdom , righteousness , godliness , and the fear of the Lord . You are better off getting the old works of Bridges , Wardlaw , and even Matthew Henry ... which are all free on the internet . You would also be better off just to read the Book of Proverbs 20-30 times over , rather than to read this commentary . Read the Bible ! Search the Scriptures ! That is what Solomon says in Proverbs ! And that is what the Lord Jesus says ! As for this commentary it is dry and dull and without much of Christ or of true wisdom at all ! Longman should have taken to heart Eccl .12:12 ! Pastor Brett Woody
 While the plot had all the makings of a good love story it failed miserably in bringing it together . The story was rushed and there were times when the author skipped months and years without as much a preamble and left you guessing . Not a fan and I 'll try one more book in the hopes that the writing has gotten better . Wish me luck .
 I was excited to see that Janette Oke had written two more books for her Canadian West series -LRB- my favorite of all her books -RRB- about the Delaney 's kids . Either the quality of her writing has diminished or my literary taste has matured ; either way , these two books were not that great . The sixth one was especially aggravating ! The character development was poor ; the plot was choppy . It was as if the author was trying to minimize words , frequently giving summaries of what had just occurred , rather than allowing you to enjoy it yourself . Without spoiling , the romance aspect of this book completely failed , and was completely unbelievable . Stick with the original four and skip the latter two .
 I was totally let down when christene did n't go back for Laray ! The ending was so lame ! It 's almost like she was tired and wanted to end the series ! Poor laray I liked him better than Eric !! The whole car accident thing what is that ??? Not worth the money . And all elizabeth does is worry worry worry !
 I have met and seen George in his true enviornment , if he must submit this ruse , I suppose his must live with it . ONE MUST REMEMBER TO FEEL HIS ROOTS , and remember to live them.We are not larger than life itself , K.
 I really wanted to love this kindle book . But i dont . The problem isnt the recipes , they are well authored , there is a lot of information about the ingredients , there are several variations of many recioes . The problem is the kindlization of the book . There are two indexes , Subjects and Recipes . Neither contains page numbers or location numbers or hot links . So they are just a list of things you could , at best , consider to be search terms . However , you can not rely on their finding anything useful . Case in point
 I rarely write reviews but I was so disappointed by this book that I felt moved to share my dismay and even warn others not to buy it . I 've made lots of good bread in my Zojirushi from borrowed recipes , but the first recipe I made out of this book just yielded a panful of baked crumbs ! I could n't even imagine what went wrong -- I had followed the recipe to the letter , and it was n't a case of bad yeast -LRB- although the author 's discussion of yeast is confusing and makes one doubt the validity of every recipe in the book -RRB- . I wasted 4 and a half cups of good whole wheat flour on this recipe , not to mention 3 and a half tablespoons of vital wheat gluten -- now if that could n't make the crumbs stick together , nothing could ! I wish I had taken these one-star reviews more seriously before I bought this book . I 'm wondering now how to return the first book I 've ever returned to Amazon ...
 Almost all of the recipes involve using gluten of which I have unfortunately not been unable to find in the stores .
 This book had many , many words and great descriptions , but it was a lot to read - probably great if you 're a serious baker , but we 're much more casual and would have preferred more pictures , fewer words , and something more simple to take you from the beginning .
 I purchased this book based on its good reviews as a companion to a new bread machine -LRB- I have never owned a bread machine before -RRB- . My goal is to make whole wheat bread at home so that I do not have to worry about the additives that most commercial whole wheat breads contain . Imagine my dismay when I turn to the whole wheat chapter , and NEARLY EVERY recipe contains `` bread flour '' -LRB- read
 I 've made every type of bread and dough -LRB- with every type of flour -RRB- for years , and they 've all turned out great -- spelt , buckwheat , etc. . None of those EVER required the addition of gluten , and they all came out fine . Yet this book requires -LRB- REQUIRES -RRB- you to add actual gluten to nearly every recipe -- she even admits that outright in the beginning of the book -LRB- she likes how it makes a loaf rise a little nicer -RRB- . So , the high gluten content found in bread flour is n't enough ? I 've tried some of the recipes without adding gluten , and they 've turned out to be less than grand , but just a bit `` OK '' . The reality is that the author worked these recipes based upon the addition of vital gluten to each recipe . And , many of the recipes still require plain old high-gluten bread flour . So oveall , the only thing that puts this book as a stand-out to others is that you 'd better run to the store and stock up on vital gluten . How disappointing.Skip this book . Instead , I 'm sticking to my mid-90 's pocket book -LRB- also called The Bread Machine Cookbook -RRB- by Donna German . Her recipes are tried and true , and I 've been able to substitute a few of them with spelt or buckwheat with very little adjustments -- and no additional vital gluten .
 Nice book with 300 + recipes , BUT -- most of them require gluten to be added . I compared some with recipes available online of which NONE had gluten added but listed the same or very similar flours . I do not want to add gluten to my diet , period .
 This book was just okay . Some of the recipes are nice and then there was the disaster I tried to make ! I should have known better too ! I tried the sweet bread with the crushed sugar cubes mixed in -LRB- I forget the name of the recipe in the book -RRB- . Adding sugar cubes -LRB- even crushed ! -RRB- to a non-stick bread machine bread pan is NOT a good idea ! It totally ruined my bread pan by severely scratching the non-stick coating . AND I got nice non-stick coating flakes in the dough . Did I do something wrong ? I do n't know , but it seems some of these recipes have not been thought out very well or not tested or something.It has a lot of recipes , but it 's almost too many . If this is your cup of tea and you want some more exotic breads , this might be for you . Just DO N'T use the sugar cube bread recipe or you 'll be shopping for a new bread pan for your machine !! I never used this book after that incident . I have found other , much better and simpler bread machine books since then .
 I was reading through this book and noted recipes for Gluten free bread . One of the recipes listed `` White Spelt Flour Bread '' This recipe also included oat bran . Further reading found that the author suggested Kamut as well.The simple truth is that both Spelt and Kamut are in fact wheats . It is a violation of FDA regulations to claim such products are wheat free . Recently , January 06 , a popular bakery was raided for doing just that.This book simply perpetuates fallacy and risks the health of the reader .
 After trying two recipes I am frustrated with this book ! I 've made the basic white bread , then the loaf with a banana . Both were flops . I noticed that the amount of flour seemed to be way off in the bread with banana . It was a sloppy mess without the addition of a lot of flour . Or could it be the addition of gluten ?? Maybe I 'll try one more , but that will be it .
 Recipes are for one-and-a-half and two pound loaves only . I could find no methodology or formula in the book for adapting recipes to make smaller loaves . How much more serviceable this volume would be , and how much wider its audience , had the author included a third column with each recipe giving directions to make one pound loaves , as Donna Rathmell German does in all her bread-machine cookbooks ! Further , be aware that this book is a tome , very heavy and awkward to handle.Not for use with the very popular Mini Zo -LRB- Zojirushi BB-HAC10 Home Bakery 1-Pound-Loaf Programmable Mini Breadmaker -RRB- . Not for use by people with manual disabilities .
 I bought this book because it had the largest and most creative selection of recipes , but that 's just not good enough.After two failures today I referred back to some `` old standards '' and discovered that the proportion of flour to liquid is different by almost 3 ounces in some cases . The result was a sticky mess that could barely be corrected by adding more and more flour . In one case , adding flour never did compensate for the combinations of other ingredients -LRB- chocolate and orange segments -RRB- . When I read the book more closely , I discovered that the author recommends standing by during mixing to make this adjustment on all the recipes . So much for having fresh bread ready when you wake up in the morning.The author 's credentials seem good , but she does n't understand the breadmaker 's approach.I suppose I 'll use the ideas in this book and adjust the liquid as needed , but it certainly wo n't replace the recipes that I 've used for the past ten years . Too bad .
 I have this author 's older book , `` The Bread Bible , '' and love the book . I anticipated that this book would be as good but for the bread machine . I have a 1 pound machine and was surprised to find all recipes in book are for larger loafs . She instructs to just halve the recipe -LRB- 2lb -RRB- to make the 1 pound loaf , but after my first attempt to divide 17/8 and 25/8 I gave up . I 'm not a complete math dummy , but I do n't care to do this math every time i wish to bake a quick loaf of bread . A couple of recipes that were evenly divisable , I did try and they could not have been tested . Do n't waste your money .
 I 've made a small portion of the recipes from this book , perhaps thirty recipes . I 've found that , without tweaking , perhaps two have performed reliably and the others have been mostly salvageable with modifications -LRB- modifications made loaf after loaf to see what works and what does n't -RRB- . I am a moderately accomplished bread baker and have a good understanding of how to tweak ingredient volumes and I would say that most of the recipes in this book are inadequately tested.This morning I decided to make the Dutch Sugar Loaf bread for my family as a treat since we are snowed in . What a bad idea . I followed the recipe to a letter and was concerned about the noise in the pan when I added the sugar lumps . I should have followed my intuition to abort the loaf . After the bread finished baking , I went to clean out the bread pan and blades . The sugar cubes scoured the finish off of the bottom of the pan and almost completely stripped the finish off of the blades . Total replacement for a new bread pan to fit my one year old Zo and two new blades
 I 've baked bread plenty of times before buying a bread machine . I did it the old fashioned way , kneading with my hands on the counter top . I decided to get a bread machine in hopes that it would make baking fresh bread easier . I also bought this book for recipes . I gave this book a decent chance . I tried about 5 recipes multiple times and none of them worked without extensive troubleshooting . They either rose and fell , turned out to be bricks , or rose and broke the crust . None of the recipes I tried turned out well right off the page . The recipe book that came with my bread machine turns out flawless loaves . I have better luck with recipes I find on recipe web sites . Hey at least if a recipe from the web does n't turn out , I did n't have to pay for the crappy recipe . I thought it was my fault due to the raving reviews on amazon for this book . Perhaps I just kept picking the recipes that do n't work , assuming there are recipes in the book that work . It 's kind of sad that google gives you better recipes for free than a book you paid for . Since I threw this book in the trash can I have been enjoying my bread machine very much .
 PROS
 Disappointed in this book . Not enough recipes for plain bread . Gave the same information as the booklet that came with the bread machine .
 This is not the bread book that I thought it was . You have to be experienced with your breadmaker to enjoy using this book ... it is n't for newbies for sure ...
 True , it may have everything in the world about bread , butI found this book tedious and not at all what I was lookingfor . I wanted simple bread recipies and this &#34; ai n't it &#34; .
 Yes , the book is big and has tons of recipes , but the whole yeast discussion is confusing . Just tell me how much Active Dry yeast I need - all she lists for her ingredients are SAF and bread yeast , and here I sit with a full jar of Active Dry . I also do n't want to have to stand at my machine to add ingredients , and make the other adjustments that seem so prevalent in many of the recipes . Thank goodness I got this from the library and did n't put out any money for it . The Electric Bread book , while much smaller , has a variety of easy , basic recipes , with only a few of them calling for gluten .
 Nice recipes but the reason I make my own bread is to have healthier bread then what I can buy . To me , that means more alternate grains , no preservatives and less gluten . Most , if not all of the recipes in this book call for added gluten , not just the gluten that is already present in the flour but an extra tablespoon of gluten . Not very useful for me .
 This seams to be a well writen book . But , I can not figure out the plus listed refers to . It does n't appear to be with the gluten . I am thinking it is additional water if you have a welbuilt machine .
 This is a great bread book , but a stupid bread machine book as almost all the recipes you only use the maching for initial kneading of the dough ; after that , you take the dough out and bake it in the regular over - totally defeating the purpose of having a bread machine !
 I love my bread machine because my husband makes the most amazing breads that make the house smell wonderful . I expected this book to provide him with recipes that require the breadmachine to do the work but just about every recipe requires taking the dough out of the machine , kneeding it and bake it in the oven . What 's up with that ? I thought , `` that 's not what the bread machine was designed to do '' . So I 'm stuck with it ! In a busy world the bread machine was designed to give us fresh breads investing very little of our time other than piling up the ingredients and letting it do the work.Oh well !
 I tried a couple of recipes from the book with decent results . Trying to adapt some of the half-whole-wheat recipes into 100 % whole wheat recipes did n't turn out that great , but that 's probably less the book 's fault and more my own . The recipes where I followed the book with no adaptations turned out fine . So I will echo what several other reviews said - that I was disappointed at how few of the whole grain recipes were truly WHOLLY whole grain.But then I tried the `` Dutch Sugar Loaf '' recipe and it damaged my machine . It sounded like a great idea - a cinnamon and clove bread with crushed sugar cubes that would melt into little bits of sugary goo in the middle of the bread . The directions said to let it knead for 5min and then add half of the crushed sugar cubes and spices , wait another 3min and add the rest . When I did this it created an ENORMOUS racket as it bashed the crushed cubes around the breadpan . When I went to take out the loaf it got stuck . Turns out one of the sugar chunks had burned onto the side of the pan . But the worst part was when I finally cleaned it - I found that the sugar cubes had scoured off the non-stick surface in several spots and THAT was why the sugar cube was sticking ! Now I need to get a replacement breadpan . I am really NOT pleased .
 I gave this a low rating mostly to catch your attention , in hopes that I can save you a little trouble . This is not a BAD cookbook . It just falls into a category of books I loving call `` high maintenance '' . It is Bread for Beautiful People . It 's one of those books written for people who either have enormous pantries or who shop every time they are about to bake . The ingredients are persnickety and can be hard to find , and there 's no consistency , for example , in using real buttermilk/milk or dry . Every recipe needs added vital wheat gluten . There 's just not very much that you can just `` whip up '' using ingredients most of us keep in the pantry and refridgerator -- even if your pantry already includes 4 kinds of flour and 6 kinds of sugar.Maybe that 's what I get for buying a book full of recipes for French inspired breads . Maybe that means it 's going to be full of high-maintenance recipes . But if you wanted abread machine to have fresh , homey breads without a lot of fuss , this might not be the best book for you either.Again , it 's not a bad book . There 's plenty of info in it , and if you want a lot of country style breads and breads that are best eaten the day they are cooked , it 's a nice book . I will probably put a bow on it and re-gift it to my sister , who loves to read cookbooks but seldom actually makes the more interesting or challenging recipes . This is perfect for that.Just depends on what you want . I 'm going shopping for a more middle-class bread book . :O -RRB- Hope you find this helpful .
 I knew when I opened the package and saw the book that I had made a mistake . It is ** huge ** -- 643 pages . A very unwieldy , heavy book to use as a recipe book . Just because of the size and weight , I find it inconvenient to leaf through , browsing in the normal way that we tend to do with recipe books.If it truly had to be so large , they could at least have given it a spiral binding . As it is , I know the paperback binding is not going to last long.If you are absolutely new to bread-making , perhaps this book would be useful . It does tell about different flours and other ingredients -- it is more encyclopedic than a truly usable recipe book needs to be . However , if you are an experienced bread-maker , then use your money to pay for a more usable book , less heavy book.I will either give this book away or sell it -- or take it apart and put it in a spiral binder notebook . I doubt that I will give it away , as nobody I know wants or needs such an unwieldy recipe book . And in any case I doubt that I will use it much , as I do n't like to handle a spiral notebook of this weight either.If you want such how-to detail , you are better off using the recipe book that came with your bread machine , and then get another and thinner book that has a great variety of recipes .
 Used recipe for beer bread and dough was so thick it burned up motor in our bread machine.Be careful with this recipe .
 The book has some flaws
 After looking carefully at specific aspects of this book , I 'm not only able to agree with the other reviewers about the problems they found but also can identify two very fundamental flaws
 I purchased a bread machine so we could start eating healthier breads . I wish I 'd read through all the reviews before purchasing this book so I would have read the warnings about gluten in the recipes . . I was really excited to get this book , but so disappointed when I started flipping through the recipes and kept seeing gluten in every single recipe ! The only ones that do n't have gluten are the few recipes for gluten free breads in the book . . Gluten is one of the biggest things we want to cut out , so obviously , I wo n't be using any in these recipes . . Not sure how the breads will turn out without it , but I 'll try at least one . . I had purchased a Betty Crocker bread machine book and there is n't one recipe in that book that calls for Gluten . . I 'm not really sure why the author of this book feels it 's so important to add to all the recipes , but if you 're like me and want to cut Gluten out of your diet as much as possible , skip this book and purchase the Betty Crocker bread machine cook book . .
 I bought this and did not realize that this book is NOT for a small loaf . I have a 1lb loaf machine . The recipes are all for a medium 1-1/2 or large 2lb loaf . NO SMALL RECIPESYou can not just halve the ingredient amounts , unless it 's truly a large , pretty full 2 pound loafThe larger recipes are too large for the small machine but too skimpy if you halve them.I do n't want to practice getting the amount ratios.Also , Almost all the recipes call for Gluten .
 Once I finally found a good machine -LRB- a Sunbeam -RRB- and got comfortable with turning out successful loaves I decided to try out some bread machine cookbooks . The first book I bought -LRB- `` Bread Machine Magic ' by Rehberg and Conway -RRB- worked fabulously , and so I was excited to try more . I found Hensperger 's `` The Bread Lover 's Bread Machine Cookbook '' on the shelf with other bread machine books of my local bookstore . It stood out from the pack with such mouthwatering descriptions I could not wait to get it home and start trying it out . To my dismay , the most exciting sounding recipe turned out to be a dismal flop . I thought it might be a fluke and gave a few more recipes a try . I tried five recipes . Some rose up too high and then fell , others had poor texture , one turned out decently but was totally flavorless . This book was a real disappointment . After reading some of the reviews here I wonder , maybe if I tried the right recipe I might find one I enjoyed . However , 5 out of 5 of the loaves that came from this book were n't worth eating , and I do n't want to waste the ingredients on such risky prospects . I 've decided to consider the $ 21.95 I spent on this book as enough of a loss and I 'm going to buy `` More Bread Machine Magic '' instead of taking another shot at this book .
 This opus is nothing more than a pamphlet consisting of cut and paste , quotes from others and lists of organizations and government agencies . Not an original thought to be found anywhere . Sorry excuse of a ` book ' . Author is feckless in his attempt to ` educate ' the reader . A total waste of money .
 So I love stories about strong women . Buffy would be my favorite because she is strong , smart , and kicks butt . And she is drawn like a real woman not a playboy model . Birds of Prey and most other comics like it are a slap in the face to women . I would love to read more stories about strong females , especially super heroines , but how can I focus on the story when in every single panel these women look more like porn stars than heroes . It 's sad that so many men ignore the fact that women are not sex objects but real people . These men continue to draw Batgirl and Wonder Women and Power Girl with huge breasts and almost no clothing . It would be nice to see a comic book super heroine taken seriously for once . Why are men not degraded like this ? I do n't see Batman in a speedo or Superman with his costume being torn off to bits . I would love to see a great comic about a fully clothed Huntress or Electra . I love these characters but sadly I can not bring myself to purchase anymore of this crap . How can anyone take these women seriously ? Yes , they are powerful and smart but they look like Penthouse centerfolds . Its distasteful and disrespectful . Thank God for Joss Whedon . If not for Buffy I would have nothing to read . And I love comics . The story in this book is not good enough to overlook the way these women are portrayed .
 If you love the art of Ed Benes then this comic TPB is for you ... as long as you can put-up with all of the girl-to-girl talk , gourmet food eating , baby-hugging , gourmet food eating , conversations about boys , gourmet food eating , conversations about PMS and all the other garbage that Gail Simone put into this comic . The Birds of Prey are great characters and a lot can be done with them ; I really mean that . So , to watch any satisfying potential journey they could be sent on be relegated down to this cookie-cutter , selfish trash is very disappointing . The story was somewhat clever and showed astute thinking and awareness yet just as left-brained , animalistic , macho nonsense can and should be transcended to a higher form of art -LRB- in film , comics , daily life , etc. -RRB- so should the type of `` feel-good , '' blanket-cuddling , effeminate self-indulgence found within this story . What a let-down . Next time , make the story genuinely fun and accurate to the DC world of comics ; that 's what it should be grounded in . Not mere usage of several DC heroes thrown into a day-time soap opera . The story does n't have to be a Jeph Loeb or Bob Harras rip-off , but the journey the reader is taken on should be satisfying and grounded in the accurate personas of the characters , as if in a story that really is taking place somewhere involving the Heroes we love .
 The quality of paper is very bad , artwork of ed benes is very ordinary and nothing special . You can easily skip this `` first '' volume and go to Sensei and student -LRB- quality of paper is also very bad , but artwork is better and story is far more interesting -RRB- . This comicbook is 7 years old so maybe I should n't have expected much ...
 &#34; The Genealogy of the Sarchet family &#34; was of lesser quality than expected . I have purchased other historic reprints from Amazon and have been well pleased . The quality of this particular reprint was a disappointment !
 If someone wanted to write a book about Tolkien & Middle Earth , they should have researched a little better . Not * this * garbage ! Tolkien was a CATHOLIC -- & a hard-liner at that . Catholic . Not Buddhist , not Pagan & certainly NOT Gnostic -LRB- sheesh ! Some of this stuff in this book was hard to read because it was so WRONG -RRB- ! Yes , he got some of his ideas from mythology -LRB- the myth part of the book is ok , I guess . But , there are so many * other * * better * books about myth out there than * this * ... I know I 've read better -RRB- . But , the books are basically Catholic . Just read the Sil & you 'll see what I mean ! There 's hardly * anything * in here about Tolkien 's Catholic upbringing as it pertains to the books . If I want the * real * story on Tolkien & what he believed & wrote , I 'll stick w/Tolkien 's Letters & Joseph Pearce.I should n't have bought this book , but ... well , I 'm a sucker for anything Tolkien ...
 The author seems more interested in things like `` what does the ring mean to you ? '' than `` what the ring meant to Tolkien '' . More postmodern literary interpretation run amuck ... On the bright side , this book has some really nice charts and timelines -LRB- although I disagree with his map where he superimposed Middle-Earth over Europe - I believe it should be far more to the west than he has it -RRB- .
 I sat down in Borders and read this in half an hour . I am a huge Tolkien fan , and know all his works backward and forward , and this was such a terrible thing to see shelved in the bookstore . It mistranslates names , gets dates and events screwed up , and is simply a terrible reference material . If you want to know about Tolkien 's Middle-earth , pick up Tolkien 's books and * read * the things.Don ' t take this crappy short-cut .
 A well-written and informative introduction to Middle-earth , but sadly the product of an author bending a classic to his will . Other authors using Tolkien 's works as a springboard for religious conversation entitle their books accordingly . If I buy a book called , ` Finding God in the Lord of the Rings , ' I know what to expect . Not so with Harvey . Better to call the book , ` Finding Comparative Religion and Philosophy in Tolkien 's Middle-earth . ' Harvey calls his approach ` hermeneutics ' , which is as useful to the analysis of Middle-earth themes as a bicycle is to a fish and serves to tarnish the bright silver themes Tolkien wove into the narrative.To better understand Tolkien 's themes , read Tolkien 's letters . Harvey drops hints throughout the book , reaching his thematic climax on pg . 232 , second paragraph . In trying to write an essay open to all , he dilutes his argument fatally.Buy this book for the evocative cover , or the well-written and valuable arrangement of information about Tolkien 's people , places , and things . The charts and illustrations will illuminate the character relationships and Middle-earth geography . It does all that VERY VERY WELL !!! But if you 're looking for clarification of Tolkien 's thematic approach , go to his Letters.Namarie !
 This book has a lot of useful information , but a lot of useless info as well . There are tons of great books about Tolkien and Middle-Earth . Do n't resort to this one.The author has a fascination for comparing Tolkien 's work to myths , legends , and Greek tragedies . I mean , ca n't Tolkien 's writing stand on its own ? Do you really have to compare it to something else to appreciate its deep meaning ? This author is n't very free-thinking . Well , there is a lot of what-do-you-think-this-means-to-you , but too much of to-me-this-means-this . I want to hear more Tolkien 's point of view , why he wrote this , what it means to HIM not to the author . Write about the characters themselves , and leave out your own opinions.The view he takes of some of the characters is plainly uneducated . Take Eowyn , for example . He basically says he wishes she had stayed `` with the guys '' instead of responding to her beautiful calling as a healer and lover of all growing things . And Faramir
 I read the second book first , not realizing this was a series , and liked it enough to purchase the others . Reading them one after another , I see a marked dropoff in quality with this installment . Never strong on character , the plotting gets weaker and a lot reads like filler . If I did n't have the remaining volumes already I would not buy them . I recommend the Skystone and Singing Sword and stop there .
 Reading Whyte 's work at this point is like watching a train wreck -- you ca n't turn your eyes away even when you want to . Continuing in his `` one crisis after another '' school of writing , nothing makes sense if one sits back and thinks about it for any length of time . The characters are dull and monolithic ; the setting forced ; the events contrived . His obsession with sex scenes that the characters detest is getting on my nerves . If his characters hate these events so much , why do they keep appearing ? There are so many points where logic would demand that his whole colony fall apart due to internal disorder -LRB- not to mention woefully inadequate resources and manpower -RRB- that the mind fails to comprehend how it could possibly survive . History and historicity are thrown out the window ; the basis of the legends is forgotten . Whyte fails in these books on all counts and yet , like the Mack Bolan books , will continue to be popular with those who only want impossible adventure and pointless escapades . Expect to turn your mind off when you read these books -- it will be safer for you .
 When I was a student at Birmingham-Southern College , I had a friend who was -LRB- and I presume still is -RRB- a great guy . We were both science fiction readers . But there the similarity ended . I waxed enthusiastic about Robert A. Heinlein , Theodore Sturgeon , Fritz Leiber , Poul Anderson , and James Blish . Harry * shamelessly read Perry Rhodan , Captain Future reprints , early space operas by Fletcher Pratt , and Edgar Rice Burroughs . `` They really are n't so bad , '' he would say . I would sadly shake my head . But now I find myself reviewing some of those very books more than I would like to admit.Edmond Hamilton 's _ Planets in Peril _ is one of his Captain Future space operas . _ Captain Future _ was a magazine that ran for 17 issues , from Winter 1940 to Spring 1944 . Each issue featured a complete short novel about the adventures of Curt Newton , aka Captain Future , who battles interplanetary skulduggerers with an assortment of colorful sidekicks known as Futuremen . After the demise of the magazine , more CF novels continued to appear in _ Startling Stories _ from time to time . Edmond Hamilton wrote all but four of these novels . -LRB- Of these four , three were written by Joseph Samachson and one was by Manly Wade Wellman . -RRB- Some , but not all , of the Hamilton Captain Future stories were reprinted in the late sixties . _ Planets in Peril _ -LRB- _ Captain Future _ , 1942 ; 1969 -RRB- is , I would argue , an average entry in the series . It is more smoothly written than Hamilton 's space operas of the thirties , and the science is clearly better . Hamilton here seems to know what a `` universe '' is , and he writes knowingly about relativistic notions of curved space and the nature of time . But _ Planets in Peril _ is written to a formula , with a somewhat homogenized style . It is , let us face it , juvenile , and it does n't have the splash and color of some of his earlier stories . So you pays your money and takes your chances.Ah , yes . The story . Well , it seems that the Martian scientist Tiko Thrin has established contact with beings in what he believes is another spacial universe -LRB- or `` universal bubble '' -RRB- from our own . With a cheerful disregard for the safety of our own universe , Tiko Thrin invites his contact to visit Mars via a matter transmitter . -LRB- Martian scientists are like that , I guess . -RRB- Two visitors arrive and reveal that their universe is dying and that it is being invaded by the Cold Ones . But they are convinced that Captain Future might be able to impersonate a long-dead hero in their own universe long enough to inspire their scientists to find a way to `` reverse entropy '' . There are further twists to the plot that only a cad would reveal , so I will say no more.Hamilton 's involvement with the Captain Future stories caused a great many readers to grossly underestimate his abilities . Gradually , he began to write less and polish more . Novels like _ City on the Edge of Time _ , _ The Star Kings _ , and _ The Haunted Stars _ began to improve his reputation . Hamilton was too good a writer to make a complete hash of this novel . But I 'm afraid that it must still be considered minor fare . * Not his real name .
 When women write stories about mute girls who are saved by big , strong men who teach them to be sexually aware , that is considered Romance fiction and is looked down upon . But here we have the same formula
 A wonderful series with outstanding military and historical foundation and detail , gone bad . The writer does n't even seem to know his own characters anymore . The sex scenes seem like they were written by a 14 year old kid . When I began to get the distinct impression that the author had lost his way , I put the book down . As a historian , I 'm disappointed that Whyte has chosen to sell out with this drivel .
 I like what this guy is trying to do
 My review is of the Kindle version of this book , and the low rating applies solely to that . While the book itself provides a fascinating look at what life was like in the 1830s in the undeveloped area that is now Oklahoma -- where I live -- this conversion to an e-book is completely unacceptable . The reader has to take everything in context and consider the basic shapes of words rather than individual letters in words to make sense of each sentence . My best guess is that someone scanned the pages of the actual book into a program that read them as digital images and then tried to convert them back into words . It failed horribly.But because I was so interested in the topic and was about to attend the `` A Day with Washington Irving '' re-enactment at the Keystone Ancient Forest near Sand Springs , Okla. -- an area through which the group documented in this book traveled -- I plowed through the text anyway . Having the background was a great help to me as I walked through the Cross Timbers forest and witnessed re-enactors discussing the events and personalities of the trip.I found it especially enlightening to read how Irving described and referred to Indians -- those traveling with his group and those who lived in the territory his group was crossing . He routinely talked about them as `` savages '' and `` half-breeds , '' even as he talked admiringly of their skills and knowledge . I imagine that the widespread reading of his book by Americans of his day contributed greatly to the stereotypes of and prejudices against American Indians that were perpetuated in this country.Irving spends a great deal of time in the book relating the hunts -- of deer , buffalo , turkeys and even wild horses -- that his group pursued . I 'm a wildlife rehabber and a soft-hearted vegetarian , so these depictions were not easy to read . At one point Irving even expressed remorse himself at having shot a buffalo . It was severely wounded but not dead , and before he put it out of its misery , he felt guilty for having harmed the animal , which he considered magnificent in its size , strength and majesty.If you 're going to read the book , go ahead and get the print version -- not this e-edition . The mangled text makes it too hard to read .
 This book was published before HTML 3.0 was in wide use whereas all good HTML books today are written specifically for version 4.0 . I should have looked at the publication date and compared it to competing titles . If this were 1996 , I would have given the book four stars . I 'm still not sure if I liked the book being printed in ` landscape ' mode -- it reminds me of second grade.Despite using terms like `` hot tips '' and `` advanced techniques '' , this book is really a good introduction to HTML in general , covering Fonts , forms , graphics , frames and CGI programs . I found that it was explaining everything very clearly , using examples and illustrations where needed . The problem of course , is that HTML 4 features are missing , which means that there are a lot of neat tricks people are doing on web sites now for which I have to buy yet another book to understand.Being an overly critical person , I have to mention some `` minor '' issues like the index being brain-dead -LRB- not having '' < B > '' or `` bold '' for example -RRB- and the Author using tokens like ' < ' and ' > ' without explaining them.Basically , this book USED TO BE good , but Morris should come out with a second edition that covers HTML 4 . This book should really be pulled from circulation .
 This book was not what I expected . It tells all about the spices , but does n't tell how to usethem . I was hoping to learn what sort of dishes to use some of the spices on my shelf in.I guess i expected more of a recipe book .
 A preposterous plot , an unlikable protagonist , set in a relentlessly depressing context ... why did I finish this book ? The author is obviously intelligent , but it does n't make this book worth reading . Save your eyesight !
 I was enthralled by the writing style of Kellerman in his previous book , When the Bough Breaks . I was completely let down by this one . I wanted so much for him to stick to the primary storyline with Woody , but instead , he concentrated on Woody and the Moodys . I hope the next one is better .
 This was my first Kellerman novel , recommended highly by a co-worker . Was not at all impressed , I thought it was a ridiculous outcome.Used to reading Ludlum and Connelly - this book pales in comparison . Have been told to try Self Defense or Devil 's Waltz . I 'm skeptical after this one , but I 'll give a try .
 I have read all of Kellerman 's novels which feature Alex Delaware.This is by far the weakest entry in this series . I found it har dto believe it was written by the same author.The unsympathetic characters are so cartoonish it is hard to develop any sort of empahty for them . The plot plods alonglike a bad `` b '' nmovie from the 1930s . BY the time you reach the point of plot resolution , you no longer care what happens -- you just want it to be over .
 If I am not mistaken , this is Jonathan Kellerman 's third book involving a suspect religious cult . It gets a little tiresome . The plot was not as suspenseful as his books usually are . But it is easy reading , and the writing is entertaining enough to read if you are a Jonathan Kellerman fan .
 First off I have to say that I am a bit biased as `` That Which Survives '' , the episode that this is a sequel to , was one of my favourite shows . Having said that this is yet another recent Star Trek novel that continues the downward slide in the quality of story telling . Here we have a novel that takes 230 plus pages to tell a story that could have been told in 150 . It is full of redundant padding , it has one of the most overused Star Trek cliches in the form of the interstellar transporter , the Klingon involvement is an utter waste of time , and the regular Enterprise crew seem to spend much of their time doing nothing . As for the ending it 's just another attempt to improve sales by getting people to buy more than one book , but of course if the writing quality of recent Star Trek novels was any good there would n't be the problem of falling sales in the first place . Personally this novel , which seems aptly named , is another one that rather than being written seems to have been created by a replicator !!!
 This is the only book I 've purchased in years that I was unwilling to finish . It 's boring beyond belief . And it 's poorly written . It reads like a transcript of a role playing game session . Not a very well-moderated rpg , either . At one point , we are told of a grid that measures three point nine four meters by two meters . That 's exactly how it 's written , too . And at no point do we get to see why the dimensions of the grid make the slightest bit of difference to the players ... oh , characters . The e-book was good for the excerpt of Sir Apropos of Nothing by Peter David , which * sparkles * in comparison to the turgid prose inflicted on an unwitting readership by Ms. Wright .
 This is getting totally pitiful . The mini-series junk trying to span stories through all the different genres of StarTrek in my opinion belongs in the trash . Pocket Books is making a big mistake . I for one only care for the original cast books . I buy one to read -LRB- which I 've read them all -RRB- and I get no ending unless I go read Next Generation and then the next genre and the next and the one after that.YUCK !!
 One of the worst ST novels I have ever read . It is a simple idea drawn out to 200 + pages , and the characters basically do nothing . I will not be reading any of the other six in the `` mini-series . '' I actually yawned while I was reading it . If you 're looking for some good ST novels , check out those by Peter David . In my opinion , he never misses the mark .
 This whole book is essentially an epilogue to the TOS episode `` That Which Survives . '' So if you 've always wanted to see what happens immediately after the events of that episode , then this is the book for you . But if not , then you might want to skip it.The characterization is OK , and obviously Wright has been watching her TOS videos . In fact , that 's part of the problem for me . This book is a by-the-numbers pastiche . The characters all say and do what they would in a TV episode , but who cares ? There 's no real story . It 's all a matter of tying up loose ends from the TV episode and creating some new loose ends for the other 6 books in this Gateway series . This book owes its existence to a marketing strategy , not to artistic inspiration . It exists only to fill the TOS slot in the Gateway series.And be warned
 I 've noticed that we are now getting TV episodes and to continue the story in novelizations . `` One Which Survives '' is the TV episode and `` One Small Step '' is the continuation of the story.Now , I did like both of the above , but I believe that we need a little more originality . Not that combining both is a bad idea . But new stories need to be written in single complete books . I am not fond of the trend of `` Mini-series in the Star trek genre . This tends to lead the reader on like a marketing trick.But enough of this , now the book itself is inself a good read fast and about James T. Kirk et.al stranded on a planetoid . Ancient in build and far far advanced of anything known to the Federation.The planetoid defense system tranported the Enterprise to an unheard of distance from it . Now Scotty has to bring in back . Kirk , McCoy and Sulu can not get back to the Enterprise when it does arrive due to and infection that ca n't clear the biofilters of the Enterprise 's transporters.Now , comes another alien race claiming the planetoid as their own left by their ancesters . Kirk explores the planetoid and wehave Spock trying to figure out how things work.The aliens work out the problem with the infection , Kirk does n't trust them . We meet Losira even though she has passed long ago , but her presence is preserved in the computer of the planetiod.A gateway is found , not unlike the `` Guardian of Forever '' and the aliens want the technology to transport across large distances of space.The book ends as a cliffhanger . My only regret is this , no closure . Which I find disturbing . That is why I only rated the story as a 2 .
 that the editors of Star Trek employ . Between this book and her `` Dark Passions '' duology , I can not for the life of me figure out why they continue to allow her to work when there are so many other authors available who actually know a thing or two about little things like characters , plot , pacing , and dialogue.Absolute rubbish .
 I just ca n't understand the 5-star reviews this book has received . After two years of research and focus groups , all the author could come up with are self-evident keys to meaningful work like `` Respect '' and `` Acknowledgment '' . The `` Reality Check '' assessments of each of the 22 keys at the end of each chapter provide the only real substance in the book.This extremely important subject deserved much better treatment . Far superior presentations of similar topics include : In Good Company - Don Cohen & Laurence PrusakIntrinsic Motivation at Work - Kenneth W. Thomas
 i 've read and enjoyed ms. dewberry 's other books but found this one disappointing . the character development was n't much but the ending did n't work at all . i wish she 'd taken time to develop this more because it 's a wonderful idea and could 've been a great book .
 What was touted as a murder mystery was in truth a uneven monologue by the suspicious daughter of a power hungry politician . What you found out at the very beginning , you knew at the end , but the plot was never developed enough to keep you wondering.Ms . Dewberry has a fine style of writing , but needs to work on character development and intrigue .
 I believe that it is human nature to not want to read what yuo are forced to read . And i was assigned to read this in my HST301 class at oakland university . But goodness , Mr. Sam Bass Warner is interested in things that I am flat out not interested in . My teacher , for some reason , is just fascinated with the idea of privatism , however all it is is saying capitalism in a different way . I 'm sorry I just do n't care when Philadelphia put in waterworks and who were great contributors to the city ... oh well
 Bloch , as most people know , is an `` esoteric marxist '' , like Luk&aacute;cs and Korsch . Esoteric marxism is a reaction against the official leninist-stalinist interpretation of Marx . In Bloch 's view , the marxists have to re-interprete the religious phenomenon . Bloch says that inside christianism there is a feeling that also - in his view , I remark - informs marxist philosophy
 Everybody is entitled to translate from another language , but FitzGerald did it as a quasi-translation and wound up with a recognized masterpiece . If you want to know what Khayyam really said , read this book . If youn want literature , read the FitzGerald version .
 Unfortunately this edition of the Rubaiyat does not contain all of the Sullivan illustrations . I would consider this the sanitizedEdition since at least half are missing and at that the best . The pottery shop group are omitted plus those with religiousConnotation . So if the art is important to you , this edition is not . Sorry .
 Do n't waste your time with this trite collection of vapid , paganistic , intellectually lazy and self-indulgent quatrains . The soul of Persia and Persian literature is poorly represented here . You are better off reading Rumi and Hafiz than this twaddle . What we have here is an unrepentant pagan being translated by a 19th Century neo-pagan , and the result is an incomprehensible , senseless mush . The writer and translator appear unwilling , or rather incapable , of plombing the depths of the questions raised here , rather opting for the trite , tired , vapid and unsatisfying answers of antiquity - - and this not out of any deep reflection , but rather as the result of intellectual laziness and epicurean self-indulgence . Make no mistake -- this is lightweight drivel .
 The translation listed was the McCarthy translation but Amazon downloaded the Fitzgerald translation . The Fitzgerald translation is ubiquitous . The McCarthy translation is not often seen .
 This was a dull book . It told the story of Peter and his farming life . I felt that it was boring , and it did not hold my attention . It was hard to finish one page , let alone the entire book !
 This book has just about stopped me cold from reading any more autobiographies -LRB- Ok , I 'm lying , but at least I 'll take a break -RRB- . It was recommended by a friend , I did n't know that terribly much about Patricia Neal but remembered that she was in `` A Face In The Crowd '' and `` Hud '' -LRB- both great movies -RRB- and I was always slightly afraid of her husky voice onscreen as a child ! Well , after you read this book , you 'll know more than you ever dreamed about one person . Ad infinitum . The quick 4-1-1
 ... So Neal describes the begining of her six year affair with Gary Cooper ... I bought this book because Cooper had been one of my boyhood movie idols and I was interested in learning more about him . After reading this book however , my opinion of Cooper turned from admiration and respect to disappointment and disgust . The `` Coop '' , as he liked to be called , was a dandy and a ladies man who enjoyed having affairs with his leading ladies . Usually these ended shortly after the movie was in the can . In Patricia Neals case however , a star struck young actress young enough to be his daughter , Coop kept her on the hook for six years knowing full well that he would never marry her . When she got pregnant he arranged for her to have an abortion , `` to save his career '' , and he hid in a car in an alley while she faced this gruesome ordeal alone . Cooper was the adult , after he added her scalp to his belt he should have broken it off for her sake but like a selfish lecherous old man he strung her along to the bitter end in the name of love ... My opinion of Neal is a little bit more conflicted . When reading an autobiography , the reader tries to get into the skin of the author and to understand the motives that drove her . I could n't do this with Neal . I did n't understand how a well brought up Southern girl would allow her self to be seduced by a man who used her as a sex object while saving himself for marriage to another and then , after the marriage have the nerve to ask Pat for one last fling in the hay to remember her by . Instead of indignantly throwing him out on his ear , her attidude was `` why not '' and she began unbuttoning her blouse . I am sorry Pat but I can not empathize with this behavior ... it seems slutty to me ... Perhaps a psychiatrist could have helped her understand her penchant for having affairs with much older men but I do n't know if they could have cracked the puzzle of why she married Roald Dahl , a man she admitted she did n't love but one that she vowed to never divorce , although she did divorce him finally after years of abusive treatment . If Dahl was anything like the way she described him in her book I do n't think I could have spent more than five minutes in the same room with the man . If I had been Pat 's brother I think I would have taken him behind the woodshed with a baseball bat ... I am really sorry that Patricia Neal had such a hard life but except for the death of her daughter , her son 's disability and her own stroke she brought most of her problems upon herself with extremely bad judgement and poor choices . Toward the end , after being abandoned by the `` monster '' she married of her own free will she descended into a whiney harpy that even her own children could n't tolerate . I am sorry Pat but I think you could have shown more class .
 Ms. Tomalin provides some beautiful projects to complete for the more advanced beader . However , there are several technical flaws in the book worth mentioning because they can confuse the reader . There are typographical errors , British - English terms -LRB- which might be foreign to the American-English reader -RRB- , and references that appear in the text but do not appear in the illustrations . In several instances Ms. Tomalin refers the reader in the text to see illustrations labelled '' -LRB- a -RRB- '' , '' -LRB- b -RRB- '' , '' -LRB- c -RRB- '' , etc. but the illustrations are not labeled as such so the reader does not know which one is '' -LRB- a -RRB- '' , '' -LRB- b -RRB- '' or '' -LRB- c -RRB- '' , etc. . I also found the instructions for the knotting projects fairly difficult to follow . -LRB- I read one set of instructions several times and could not understand them -RRB- . Bead thread measurements specified for certain projects are incorrect or disproportionate to the finished project . In one project Ms. Tomalin instructs the reader to use 6 strands -LRB- 3 doubled stands -RRB- of 60 '' thread for a knotted choker measuring 18 '' when completed . That 's 5 feet of thread for a 18 '' knotted choker ! Had this book been properly edited , it could have been a 5-star book !
 The patterns were not well done , you need to really look at the pattern . Of course the book is outdated but the style can be updated by choosing ` newer ' style beads and colors .
 `` Be the Best at Something '' . There you go , that 's the whole book.I just saved you a few bucks and a few hours .
 One of my biggest dislikes in `` series '' written by different authors is the fact that excellent writers have to write within the confines of a set storyline and often are given characters with `` histories '' that do n't fit well with the writer 's normal writing style . Such is the case with The Connelleys series . Some of the books have been very good and some have been so-so as the author for that particular book was working with a storyline/history , etc. that they did n't create and are not comfortable writing in and therefore the stories come off as missing something . This is definitely the case with this book.I normally very much enjoy Cindy Gerard 's books . Her heroes are normally excellent with complimentary heroines . Unfortunately with this book , while the hero is indeed a very good one , the heroine is one of the weakest and most spineless I 've seen in some time.The book does move the plot along in The Connelleys storyline but does not leave you with a good impression of the heroine until the end . If you are reading the series , get it , otherwise , if you are looking for Ms. Gerard 's normally excellent stories , look elsewhere .
 When The Bell Curve first came out , I predicted that , 200 years from now , university professors would use it , along with the collapse of the iron curtain , to mark the end of `` the Socialist Epoch '' or `` the Egalitarian Age , '' which I suppose , to make a nice round number , they will have in their textbooks as 1789-1989 . Now I 'm even more convinced . In fact , nothing could possibly better confirm the essential validity of the Bell Curve 's claims than the fact , behind all the self-fueling sound and fury it provoked , and behind the holier-than-thou pretentions to be `` debunking , '' `` refuting , '' and `` flattening '' the Bell Curve , the careful reader can not help but notice a striking absence of real , substantive objections to it . Instead , the supposed objections are either opposed to something the Bell Curve never said -LRB- and indeed , explicitly denied -RRB- , or else they tend to try to nit-pick without actually disagreeing . Indeed , with Cafalli-Sforza 's lead , we see a new formula emerging . If you are involved in writing up some potentially politically incorrect scientific research , here is what to do . First , write up the research , which , of course , largely confirms the hereditarian heresy -LRB- which most people have always known , or secretly suspected , anyway -RRB- . Then , decorate the outside of the package with a lot of ostentatious window dressing which , ingenuously , implies that your book `` flattens '' the evil heresy . That ought to keep YOUR head out of the noose ! Besides , it makes the reviewers much more likely praise you , and sells more copies too . If your conscience bothers you , you can salve it with the thought that there is surely SOME version of the evil heresy which your arguments really DO oppose , even if this is just a straw man , i.e. , some 100 % hereditarian determinism which nobody , and certainly not the -LRB- `` 40-60 % '' -RRB- Bell Curve authors , has ever actually held . The only thing that surprises me is the fact that the media and publishing world falls for this sham . I guess the relatively moderate Murray and Herrnstein have simply been designated the official targets of popular wrath , if only because they came out FIRST . And perhaps everybody else , from the most heretical hereditarian to the most orthodox Marxist , has an interst in keeping it that way .
 if this book makes the claim that race does n't exist , I hope that everybody can see right through that -LRB- although at least one fellow reviewer seems to accept everything he 's told , as long as it fits with the egalitarian myth -RRB- . Here 's a little example that everyone ought to understand.My aunt and uncle have a mixed-breed dog
 Why is this book not available on American Kindle yet ? This book will definitely get 5 stars when I can read it again . I 've read this series so often , I 've had to replace my books . I 've even watched the movie version -LRB- which I rarely do as they never compete with the books . I got my Kindle for Christmas this year and wanted to place this series on it just to find I could n't . what 's the deal ?
 The fact that US customers can buy Kindle versions of Fellowship , Return Of The King , The Hobbit and even The Silmarillion but NOT The Two Towers is ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS !! What possible reason could there be for excluding just the middle volume of a trilogy ???
 Is it okay that I did n't really like The Return of the King , or the entire Lord of the Ring Trilogy for that matter ? I feel like a fantasy fan failure admitting that , but just put the pitchforks down and hear me out.The Fellowship of the Ring was just okay for me . The Two Towers was difficult to get through and The Return of the King was pretty much the same . I had to force myself to finish . I 'm something of a completist . I had already put the time and effort into reading the first two and people kept telling me was that I had to read the last one , so I really tried to like it.The story is great . The characters , fantastic . I truly loved the movies . The books were something akin to torture , though . The names , the places and the descriptions were all lost on me . I would have needed a large cheat sheet to keep track of everyone and everything I was supposed to remember to follow the story . I constantly had to backtrack to figure who was who and to what they were referring . Strangely enough , the only thing I could keep track of was the different races of people . I suppose I could have gotten really into it had I read the trilogy as if it was a textbook , but this was supposed to be leisurely reading.The Return of the King dragged on and on with no end in sight . 85 pages of saying goodbye to one another is just overkill . The last many pages , on returning to the Shire , was the highlight of the entire trilogy for me , but could n't help overcome my distaste for the rest of the book.I know people love this trilogy and this book specifically . It 's constantly mentioned on favorite book lists and must read lists . I even understand how and why people like it -LRB- thanks to the movies -RRB- . Reading the books just did not work for me . At all . I think it may have hurt my brain .
 People have a love affair with Tolkien . People I admire and respect , not just bozos either , people who know good books and good writing and who say Tolkien works are the be-all and end-all of fantasy . Open your eyes.That might have been true when his works were first published . Tolkien deserves all the credit for putting fantasy on the map , for legitimizing the epic quest subgenre . But today , his books fall short when compared to contemporary works in the field.I think the reason for all the love is that people read The Lord of the Rings when they were young , and therefore look back at Tolkien with longing and nostalgia of better days . I read The Fellowship of the Ring when I was twenty-three , and The Two Towers when I was twenty-five , after having received a BA in English and beginning an MFA in Creative Writing . I ca n't , in good concious , say that any of his works match up with the powerful stories of George R. R. Marting and Terry Goodkind.Let 's look at this book specifically . The one thing I liked were the Ents . Aside from that , the structure of the book is all whacked . The first half is spent entirely with Aragorn and his crew . Frodo does n't even make it on stage until close to the last third of the book . Is this considered good , when your main character is not even present for the majority of the book ? The effect of Tolkiens structure is disorienting . Once getting to a certain point in time with one group of characters , he moves to the next group and recounts what happened to them through the same period of time . Why not intersperse their chapters and weave the events together?Once we finally do get to Frodo , the same problem persists as did in Fellowship
 I am not a fantasy fan but wanted to read this anyways - It took sometime getting through it . For some reason I liked the first one better
 For a criticer or reviewer to post a fair and honest review he or she has to take care not to get caught in the atmopshere of popularity of the title involved , likewise for the `` Lord of the Rings '' a novel cherished by Millions of readers . It has found itself into the collective memory of the European Mind and has become a firm part of Western culture.However , this should not misguide away from the fact that popularity does not stand for quality . Tolkiens imagination was unlimited , his passion unequaled , yet he was not a proffessionel Author and therefore his Books often suffer from a lack of Character description , depth , and descriptive climax . This is obvious in the Final Chapter of `` The Lord of The Rings Trilogy '' . It seems like Tolkien was so impassioned and involved in the Rising Climax that he forgot the basic pillars of creative writing . There is an interesting analogy between Biblical text and Tolkien narrative . For example all through the first half of his Novel Tolkien uses phrases such as `` Lo '' and `` they were amazed '' and `` he appeared unto them '' . These phraes used in the current context do not fit the particular storyline and narrative and slow it down , without adding suspense or depth to the story . Whole Chapters are filled with such writing and the reader often feels that he is attending a Bible session not a Fantasy story.The second Half of the story does not use this type of story telling and is therefore more involved with the reader yet it is lacking action , not depth . The End sequence where Saruman seems to have ensnared Hobbiton seems unnessesary and overstretched . Yet the conclusion of the Novel is mystical and somehow powerfull.Somehow Tolkien did not know how to add up all the pieces and this wasted a lot of imagination put to paper , cutting away most of the suspense and serioulsy harming the Readers involvement .
 I did not like this book , it seems as though Tolkien ran out of words , so he started describing things that did n't need describing . The whole boook was good till the middle , it started slowing down , till it became boring . I read the first book in the Lord of the Rings series , and I liked it . But it seems as if Tolkien lost all sense of anything interesting . Do n't bother to read this book .
 No , this book warrants more than 1 star , but this is to get the attention of anyone who 's getting ready to dive into this voluminous book and wants to know what to really expect -LRB- It seems most of the reviews here are written by people so captivated by Middle Earth , they do n't talk about this book based on its literary merits . -RRB- In a Nutshell : Pros :1 . This one reads a lot faster than `` Fellowship '' , in which it takes half the book to get to the Prancing Pony . Good plot twists and turns .2 . Incredible storytelling , character development , and background history to the legends and mythos of middle earth .3 . Not as many songs as `` Fellowship '' ... good thing Peter Jackson exercised artistic license , or the movies would have been musicals.Cons1 . Sorry , lightning might strike me , but Tolkien is no Joseph Conrad ... the writing is stilted throughout ... but with a storyline this great , who cares .2 . If you are a hardcore fan of the movies there is some silliness throughout Jackson wisely removed from the movies . -LRB- Treebeard lives in a house and sleeps on a bed , and do n't forget the gay ranger , yellow jacket wearin ' Tom Bombadil from `` Fellowship . '' -RRB- Tolkien said it took him 7 years to write the trilogy , and when he finished , there was nothing more to tell ... an absolute masterpiece . Enjoy >
 I have read all three of the trilogy and a great number of other fantasy works . I have no choice but to say that while Tolkien made a indepth backrgound for his story that was all he did . Tolkien built a world , but he never wrote a story . I have never read a fantasy book less entertaining than these . He bores you with the details . Textbooks have fewer appendixes than his books . The only two redeming bits are the symbolism and world building . However , he missed one main concept , its all as borring as can be . Only a few obsessed people out there learn to speak elvish , for the rest of us he could have spent some time on an action scene and just written gibberish because thats all it is . His symbolism is certainly not deep enough to make the books worth reading either . The first and foremost reasons to write any book thats not a textbook is to entertain or make a point . He makes a simplistic point and keeps you saying , ` This sucks ! ' .
 I would encourage this book for people with high reading ability , to read this book . Two Towers ' is a very action packed book with lots of emotion and glory . Before you read this book you should be sure to read the book The Fellowship of The Ring or watch the movie so you can get some background information . I like this book because it shows the friendship of each other and their willingness to stay together . The hardships that they are faced with are very trying and testing of themselves . `` But if we hold true to each other we will do what needs to be done . '' This is a quote from the book . The two Towers ' is totally a book to read if you are into action and adventure .
 Michael Simmons12/09/03Pd .7 ReadingImagine given a magical ring that could destroy the entire world if the forces of evil get it , if you do n't destroy it . This is what Frodo Baggins had to do . This story is about a struggle for a ring of power in a place called middle earth . The two sides of the struggle are the free peoples and the forces of the dark lord called Sauron . Characters in the story are Frodo -LRB- a Hobbit -RRB- , Sam -LRB- also a Hobbit -RRB- , Legolas -LRB- an Elf -RRB- , Gimli -LRB- a Dwarf -RRB- , and Borimer , Arogon , Gandalf , Saruman , and Theoden -LRB- all Men -RRB- . The setting takes place in a place called middle earth . In middle earth there are many regions were these different people live . Like the Shire -LRB- where the Hobbits live -RRB- , Rivendel -LRB- where the Elves live -RRB- , Gondor , Rohan , and Isengard -LRB- where the Men live -RRB- , and all in the mountains live the Dwarfs and the Goblins -LRB- part of the evil side -RRB- , and finely where the Orcs -LRB- evil -RRB- live in Mordor . The plot of the story is that a dark lord called Sauron , a spirit , has his minion 's try to take the ring from Frodo . While he is doing that , armies of Sarumans from Isengard attack the people of Rohan . This is where the struggle of Rohan to survive comes in . Now the heroes have to split up.First , My over all opinion of this book is that it was a good adventure book but too many details . This book is a Fantasy book . The only way that this was a page turner book is because of the action.Last This book was Fantasy because none of the book was true . The book is part of a 3-book series , and this is the second one of the series . In conclusion , I recommend this book to people who can remember things .
 I spent alot of time finding the right version of this book so that it would match the other ones that I had . After spending a long while finding the book with the right design -LRB- because they make like a million versions of LOTR -RRB- , I bought it . When I received the book , it was n't the same book in the picture and now I have a mismatched set . Thanks a bunch Amazon
 i did n't like this book because i thought it was scary
 I think if you are going to write a book about elves , do so . If you are going to write a book about dwarves , do so . But , to write a book about dwarves , elves , farries , gnomes , wizards , and dozens more creatures is a bad move . The language of this book is excellent . It is very discritve and flows wonderfully , but the differences betwen what an elf is , and what a gnome is , is confusing . The plot I think is predictable . The characters seem to make a long journey through a woods , tunnel , mountain and meet another species in every chapter .
 most boring book ever better of reading song of ice and fire this book is all bout walkin ca n't believe its so good chuck away its sux
 Tolkien wrote an undescrible book and it can not be done in any way and i think , that how his son tried to finish the whole series , is bad and he should n't have touched it because it 's J.R.R. 's not Christopher 's and he should have not killed the Dark Lord -LSB- Sauron -RSB- because evil must stay in the land of Middle-Earth because thats what gave the book meaning
 This book is SLOW . The characters are n't real at all , and they each have about 50 names . Take Aragorn for example
 All of you who believe that Tolkien 's works have any substance could not be more mistaken . The Return of the King is the perfect example of why Tolkien should never have been born . In the history of literature never has there been a book which has recieved more unworthy praise . Everything from its banal and totally meaningless plot to its incredibly idiotic and unimaginative characters miserably fail in masking one of the worst books of all time . Tolkien attemps to hide his lack of substance behind a transparent wall of deplorable descriptions and stupid childish songs . His entire series is a collection of rubbish in need of decomposing much like his reputation . It is about time that we did away with the rediculous notion that Tolkien has written a classic and simply accept that his life 's work is worthless nonsense . His work sucks , he sucks , and anyone who admires either is right down there with him . Lord of the Rings should crawl in a hole and die ... P.S. ~ This is a joke . LOTR is a master piece .
 I came into this book thinking it would be out-of-this world good , only to be disappointed . Maybe I had too high of expectations , or the fact that I had only read the Hobbit and the Two Towers , skipping the Fellowship of the Rings , might 've thrown things off . Maybe it was because I knew what was going to happen -LRB- destruction of the Ring -RRB- and could n't wait . I could n't stand the long drawn out fluff details of the book or C.S. Lewis style writing about the `` color of the landscape '' for twenty pages . I would give this book .5 stars because I only enjoyed 1/10th of the book -LRB- the last part of the book that really did n't have much to do with the earlier portion -RRB- , but the smallest rating a person can give is one . I would only suggest this book to people that have read the first three books in the series -LRB- people that would probably read this book as no matter what ... -RRB-
 The book arrived quickly and it was obvious it was never used . It was also OLD , as the pages are yellowed with age all around the edges . The cover ` cracked ' after the first chapter and I 'm hoping the book stays intact long enough for my 5th grader to finish it . I did not like that the cover image shown on Amazon -LRB- circa 2001 Peter Jackson 's movie -RRB- was not the version we received . The cover image on our book was a cheesy 70 's graphic , which explains why the book is in such brittle condition .
 To some , Tolkien 's greatest stregnth is creating a different world . To me , that is to some extent , his greatest weakness . He seemed to indulge that creativity too much in the third book . I found that the story and character development was greatly hampered by the constant description of locations . I know some love that aspect of the book , but to me , it made it unbearably slow at times . As soon as the action began , Tolkien would launch into detailed descriptions of places and their relation to other places . I could have skipped half this book and not have missed a thing . While I did enjoy the ultimate conclusion and happy ending , as well as the farewell between characters , this book largely could have been subsumed in the maps !
 It 's a shame to give this book only 1 star , so I gave it 2 . There was nothing good about it except that it had a bit less description than The Fellowship of he Ring and it took me less time to finish reading . I think the plot was sort of unclear and it was n't very interesting . The characters vere very unrealistic and unlikable to me . This book might be good if you 're older than I am . -LRB- My dad liked it . -RRB- It was difficult and boring for me .
 ummm ... where is the american kindle version ? fellowship and return of the king have kindle versions in the states ... please make two towers as well ... then i can give you money
 This is the only book that I had to read on my flight to Florida . I was trapped ! I did not like or sympathize with any of the characters . Wait , yes I did , the dog . He was the only one who was real . Self centered garbage .
 I listened to this book on tape in the car and frequently found myself talking back to it , saying things like
 This book was so bad I threw it in the trash after reading it . The only point I could get from it were that the surviving spouses were `` star crossed lovers '' just like the ones that died , so in the end they understood why they had been cheated on . The daughter mentioned on the cover is in the movie , apparently the person who wrote it did n't even bother to read the book .
 Something drew me to this book in the store -LRB- probably the cover -RRB- . It started off okay but then got very predictable . On the back cover , it mentions that one of foursome has a `` daughter and a dog '' . It was a son , not a daughter . I really hate mistakes like that . I would n't recommend it .
 Great plot starting out . It really sounded like it had promise , which I am sure is why a friend bought it for me . Two people running away from their marriages die in a plane crash . How would the surviving spouses react to their affair ? I like romance and all . But , I could barely finish it . What a waste!How many ways can someone find to say `` I love you '' within 5 pages ??? This was so trite , with so little character developement I can not even recall the characters ' names . But then why would I even want to do so ? There are very few books that I have read that I could not find something in them to like . This was one .
 This was a true waste of time . The characters had no redeeming values . The self absorbtion and total devaluation of the child were abhorant . I read it all thinking it would redeem it 's self in the end but it only got worse . One of only a handful of books that I wish I 'd never read . The Pilots Wife is a wonderful book dealing with a simular situation and betrayal .
 This book starts out quite well but once the adulterous spouses die in the plane crash the novel also takes a downward plunge . The behaviour of the surviving partners is quite impossible to credit , their motivations hard to comprehend and the romance between is unbelievably cliched and in bad taste.I somehow ca n't imagine that this mishmash can be made into a successful film so I think I 'll give it a miss .
 The start of the paperback had me very interested , but halfway through , I began losing interest . The behavior of both surviving spouses did not seem logical , -LRB- such as the boy 's mother leaving him for months , with his grandparents , with one or two phone calls with him . -RRB- I finished the book , but did not feel anything . I will feel regret that the pleasure of reading it is over , when an excellent book is finished . It may be a better movie than book .
 It is the reader 's misfortunate that all of the characters do not die in the plane crash that occurs at the beginning of the book . Pass this book up and read instead `` The Pilot 's Wife '' by Anita Sheve .
 This book was awful from the very beginning and , listening to it on tape , I do n't know why I finished it after hearing the silly dialog at the beginning between the two doomed cheaters . They sounded like two hormonally driven 16 year-olds and , already knowing what would happen to them , my anxious wait for their time to end seemed gruellingly slow.I did n't feel bad for Edward and Vivian either , because an entire book of turning a rock over to examine every feeling and everything two spouses can experience emotionally is like being anchored to a feather in a stormy ocean . Their own affair made me want to vomit , and the ending was a joke . Tawdry cheap affairs all around , and not one sympathetic character among them except for the kid and the dog who are treated cruelly and irrationally by the betrayed wife . I never saw the movie and , after hearing it 's worse than this book , do n't want to . Time 's one thing you ca n't get back , so do n't waste yours or your money on this book full of bad dialog and insipid , unlikeable characters .
 Ouch . I hate to leave any story unfinished , so for that reason , and that reason alone , I managed to stagger to the end of this series . Bad move . In most heroic fantasies , we get to see adolescent -LRB- or at least naive -RRB- heroes grow and mature over time to become truly extraordiary individuals . Not so in the Belgariad . While the magical powers of the characters grew , there was no growth whatsoever in the morals , courage , or other personal qualities of any of the characters . Also , the characters and storyline actually seemed to become more juvenile and trite as the story `` progressed '' . For example , two of the main adolescent characters who have never fought with horse and lance manage to win a jousting tournament in a land of `` ultimate '' knights with only some minor magical aid . And the interaction between the male and female characters in the book bore far more resemblence to a junior high school than to the way one would expect the most powerful individuals in the world to behave . The `` evil '' characters were too stupid to be threatening , and the heroes ' demeanor was more like they were on a picnic than involved in a life or death struggle against evil . If Mr. Eddings insists on publishing more of this drivel , he should arrange for someone to pummel that annoying hag Polgara . Her condescending treatment of every male character might have been appropriate if they had all acted like immature brats , but -- oh , yea .
 I 'm not going to review each book of the series individually since they are all the same in structure , and sadly , nearly in content as well . This series has to be considered one of the most predictable , monotonous , dry fantasy series out there . Near the beginning of every book David Eddings , for some reason I simply ca n't understand , basically spoils the rest of the book by having characters say what they 're going to do . It 's like `` We 'll do A , then B , then C , '' where C is the end of the book . These summaries would n't be so detrimental if the author actually had some unexpected things happen along the way ... but he does n't . It happens exactly according to the summary every time . At least ninety percent of every book in the series is monotony -- basically you know what 's going to happen and are just waiting for it to take place.The characters are also pretty flat . They each of interesting quirks , but the author just keeps replaying them over and over again . If Aunt Pol makes one more smart-guy comment or Garion `` blushes '' in embarassment one more time ... I tell you , someone blushing as much as him has no right to be a king of any sort.Now that the worst aspects of the series are out of the way ... I must say I enjoyed the `` mythology '' inserted into the beginning of every book . In fact I enjoy that more than the book itself . It seems very creative , and it is very well done . Also the first book is probably 3 or 4 stars , rather than the rest of the series ' 2 stars ... the beginning of it is much better done.I have to conclude that life is too short to waste time on books like these . Just pass it on .
 Looking at the average rating for this book left me absolutely shocked , I find it impossible to believe that anybody could find anything even remotely interesting in this series , or any other by David Eddings . Firstly , the plot in this whole series is so shallow it is almost insubstantial , and gives the reader so much information that there is no joy in trying to piece together the story . The information in itself was not such a bad idea , but unfortunately Eddings gave too much away , and quite often I had guessed the outcome of an event a hundred pages before it was finally revealed . Also the series was made boring by the fact that the enemy was never all that evil , and the ` good guys ' always seemed to have the upper hand in all areas . Secondly the characters in the entire Belgariad/Mallorean series are completely inappropriate for their chosen roles . They are reasonably well developed , but completely and utterly unconvincing - they seem to behave as if they are showing off to their mates , not at all as if they were out performing the seemingly serious task of saving the world . The main character Garion seems to undergo almost no psychological change at all after all his experiences , his behavior and attitude is the same when he is a nine year old kitchen hand as when he is a sorcerous king of the world . Aside from this the characters and the plot are so hollow and predictable you feel dissatisfied and ripped off when finishing the series because it fails to deliver any of the things such as plot , character development and suspense , which are so essential for a novel 's success . One good point , however , the series is so long that you ca really become emerged in it for a short while , but unfortunately this only adds to the disappointment at the end of the series . I have heard people criticise this book for being unorigional , but in actual fact these criticisms are unfounded , the book is original - nobody else has ever written such a linear , empty and predictable example of fantasy literature . Finally , to all those people who think this series is god 's greatest gift to fantasy readers , do yourself a favour and read Tolkien 's `` The Lord of the Rings '' , you will not regret it .
 Just another example of why fantasy is considered pulp , and suitable only for 11 year old social outcasts . I read this when I was twelve and found it to be childishly written and poorly conceptualized , with paper-thin trite characters to boot . Oh well . If you read this series , and still want to give fantasy a try , read `` Memory Sorrow and Thorn '' by tad williams . It is everything these books are not .
 I stopped about page 150 or so . The truth of it is , this series is just a little too immature for me . The way Eddings steoreotypes his races - i.e. all Tolnedrans are greedy , all Arends are incredibly stupid , all Sendars are practical , etc. - is just way too unrealistic . I remember reading a scene where the Mimbrates and the Asturians are discussing their animosity , and finally figure out that they 've been fighting thousands of years over nothing , and what 's more ridiculous , they have n't realized this because they never once talked to each other about it . It 's ludricrous for people who have been warring for millenia to all at once say , `` Oh ! Is that it ? Wow , it 's a good thing we finally spoke to each other , or no telling how long this would 've lasted . '' No one 's THAT stupid . Also , a good portion of the dialogue is JUST PLAIN SILLY . At first it was bearable , but after a while all the little dry comments began to grate more and more . All in all , these books are just too chldish and should be avoided by mature readers . Also , the characterization is not that great , and this makes for boring reading.I finally stopped when I got to that Arend nonsense , but honestly , this book is n't any better or worse than the other books , so if you 've been enjoying this series so far you should n't find any problems with this one . I guess it just took me this long to finally realize what I was reading . Stupid me , I suppose .
 Well this last book was so drawn out I could barely finish it . I believe the series would have been better if it was in one 500 page book . Not to bad of a series but my god was it draw out .
 Without repeating what Allanon86 and A Reader -LRB- `` Well , So Much for Free Will '' -RRB- said in their reviews I 'd like to add a few other things : It seems that David Eddings has done NO background research _ what so ever _ . He seems to have zero understanding of music and his descriptions of the mental and physical aspects of battle are sad and laughable at the same time.About music
 What 's love got to do with turning to the dark side , anyway?Even the god Torak thinks Polgara is a babe it seems , trying to convince her and wizard boy that his ideas are pretty cool.Needless to say , they disagree , and the heart of the matter will be a giant-sized magic sword fight between Belgarion , our hero , and the dark lord.Or , this is the end of an archetypal completely light , fluffy , devoid of consequence and disposable fantasy series for younger readers where the major characters are generally clearly stamped with ` not going to be hurt ' markers , and all will be good in the end .
 The final duel between Garion and the maimed god Torak manages to proceed with a minimum of drama and interest , and we learn several important things :1 -RRB- The gods of this world , in the fine tradition of Greek mythology , are completely devoid of common sense - one in fact spends all his time sleeping .2 -RRB- The gods are also all male . This may explain a lot .3 -RRB- Despite this , they are color-coordinated . Sadly , with Garion 's slaying of Torak and the defeat of the ` Other Prophecy ' , he effectively removes free will from the universe , locking it into its original ` purpose ' - a destiny so controlling you might as well not even bother getting up in the morning . When cosmic forces micromanage , you know you 're in trouble.I assume the only reason anyone would read this book is because they read the previous four , so a review seems rather besides the point . But hey , you should know what you 're in for.Allegedly , Eddings wrote another five-book series to follow this one . Read at your own peril , 'cause I 'm not going there .
 I 'd like to start by saying I like the world and the characters , I think they are quite imaginative and interesting.These books could have been condensed into one book . The plots are a bit thin , but ok . Once the plot is established however the books are then filled with page after page of meaningless drivel . For example , when the group passes through a town , I do n't need to read 3 or 4 pages of the town 's history and political structure which has absolutely nothing to do with the plot but this kind of thing happens over and over . I understand trying to drag out the suspense a bit , but saying he went completely and ridiculously overboard is an understatement.The books would be ok for teens I guess except for the questionable moral behavior . The books seem to continuously advocate that lying and deceit are perfectly fine if it gets you what you want . Also , most of the main adult male characters binge drink whenever possible . I would n't want my teens reading about that , they have enough bad ideas already .
 This entire series is just a bunch of clich&eacute;s gathered in one place . Some village-idiot grows up to become king over half the world and gets a magic sword -LRB- pulled from a wall -- hmm . . rings any bells ? -LSB- The Arthur legend -RSB- -RRB- then he sets off on some silly quest to rid the world of all evil . I read these books -LRB- and the following series `` The Malloreon -RRB- when I was 12 years old . That is probably the upper limit if you want to enjoy them . Eddings could n't come up with an interesting story if his life depended on it . The main character -LRB- Belgarion -RRB- jumps around with a big silly sword killing bad-guys to the left and the right , but in 10 -LRB- ! -RRB- books he does n't get hit once !! Silly or what?My advice is to start reading some real fantasy like Tolkien or Robert Jordan .
 Does this series really need five books ? One kids pop up book would seem to about handle the amount of real plot and development which has taken place in this series . The characters are a paper thin bunch of cliches who hack and slay their merry way through huge numbers of sub moronic bad guys . The Quest for the Blue Stone motif is most definately wearing thin in Eddings stories , -LRB- I hear the plot was recycled in the second series -RRB- and the premise that this merry band should prance their way around laughing and joking with the weight of the world on their shoulders is basically just pathetic . OK , OK
 Having read this book two thoughts come up :1 . They should have had much more in-depth data , why stick so much to the surface ? 2 . Is their overview of ways to deal with radical innovation comprehensive ? Seen the impressive list of authors and the impressive research they 've done the book is disappointing . Maybe because they were limited on what they could disclose , time pressure etc.To learn more about dealing with radical innovation I recommend the books ` Corporate Venturing , ` Intrapreneuring ' , ` Webs of Innovation ' , ` The Innovators Dilemma ' . So should you read ` Radical Innovation ? Well if you 're active in the field it should be on your shelves , otherwise I would n't spend my dollars on it .
 I do not understand the title ? If you are into the spiritual search then this book is a waste of time . It a meandering , poorly structured book of dreams , written much like a diary . Poorly structured , boring to read and no credibility to the personal dream life of someone that thinks they are special because of their astral dreams of past lives and angels and the like . I found it to be the worst book I have read . I gave up -LRB- I usually persevere with a book -RRB- at page 291 . Just a waste of time . Ca n't understand the positive reviews . Each to his own .
 The best thing about Roseanne 's book , `` My Lives '' is the picture on the cover.I have always loved Roseanne because she is/was such a talented and courageous entertainer . Through her groundbreaking sitcom , Roseanneshe showed the American family as it really was meant to be seen . But I also think there 's a part of her that 's really not all there . And , sadly she started to unravel around the time this book came out . `` My Lives '' was published 14 years ago , 5 years after Roseanne 's first autobiography ; the considerably less in-your-face `` My Life As A Woman . '' But in her latest editorial debacle Roseanne lets it all hang out so to speak.Roseanne is intent on painting a very ugly picture of her life through this book . She was the victim of incest and sexual abuse by both her mother and father . She was forced to become a hooker because her and her first husband were living on skid row . She gave up a child that she had as a teenager . She never learned to trust men . She ate like there was no tomorrow and when she gained success she became incredibly inebriated on her own fame.All of this comes off as so cliche and rather sloppy . It reads like a perverse National Enquirer article . But all of that can not compare to Roseanne 's most `` startling revelation . '' She claims that she is the victim of Disassociate Identity Disorder -LRB- in 1994 when this book was published the `` disease '' was called `` multiple identity disorder . '' -RRB- Yes , that 's right Roseanne claims to have hundreds of personalities living within her one body.I can remember an interview that Roseanne once did with Arsenio . He was talking about La Toya and all of her hairball stories and Roseanne defended her saying
 Just wanted to let you know , this edition is abridged . So `` Most Awesome '' control yourself . I was familiar with the Early English Text Society edition . I will be honest , I did not read all of it , but some . And I became suspicious when I saw the number of pages . The EETS edition is two volumes . And although it contains some editorial mumbo-jumbo , it is certainly a beautiful edition . And the prose Merlin text alone is , just at , 700 pages . I would say a great deal is left out , nearly half . So be wary , if you do not mind - enjoy !!!!!
 As mentioned in the publisher 's note , Miller wrote this book in the first decade of the twentieth century . It is based on religion rather than psychology , with attention paid to The Bible and the role dreams played throughout.The author posits that a dream is a vision of the future , and that any relationship with the past or present is incidental.From a religious perspective , I question the authority and validity of the author 's interpretations.Scientifically speaking , the work has very little to offer aside from an alternative/historic view -LRB- which is not without value -RRB- . Now that dream psychology is mainstream , and religious dream interpretation is on the fringe , this book 's title is misrepresentative . A more fitting title might be `` A Religious Dream Dictionary
 I found the book initially entertaining as bathroom reading , for the pure nonsense value and a glimpse into our dark past . Some examples : Banana - To dream of bananas , foretells that you will be mated to an uninteresting and an unloved companion.Baste - To dream of basting meats while cooking , denotes you will undermine your own expectations by folly and selfishness.However , after around a dozen entries , they all blur together as portending either great fortune or great sorrow , with separate interpretations for women , all centering around love or how orderly their kitchen will be . After more entries , the ugly side of our dark past surfaces , with entries about Negroes , Mulattos , Jews , etc.This book was written in a time -LRB- 1909 -RRB- when racist sentiment was the norm , as another reviewer points out . Use of the word `` Negro '' is one thing , now politically `` incorrect '' , however interpreting dreams about `` Negroes with their banjoes '' as signifying `` unavoidable discord ... worries with hirelings ... sickness '' etc. is beyond PC , it 's racism . Similarly , dreaming of Jews `` signifies untiring ambition and an irrepressible longing after wealth and high position , which will be realized to a very small extent '' and so on ... In short , the book is interesting from a historical perspective , like minstrel shows , but needs to be viewed in context , and is of no other value in today 's world . Sadly , this book has been latched on to by all manner of well meaning new age crackpots looking for easy answers to life 's hard questions .
 I got this book as a gift and still think it was a waste of money . Every dream I have looked up so far was negative , most dealing w / some future pending event , ie if you dream ` X ' you are soon to lose your job or some other misfortune . How a dream relates to some future event in the physical world I 'll never know . I was hoping it would deal more w / what 's going on in my subconscious , but that does n't seem to be what this book is about .
 I was really disappointed with this book . My friend had a book of dreams that was very good so I went to the book store and picked up this one . What a mistake , this book is so negative and the interpretation seems false .
 I bought a used copy of this book for 50 cents . I definitely overpaid.This book does NOT contain well-researched insights into the subconscious . It is based on the screwy premise that dreams are a form of ESP and predicts one 's future , and that only the author can tell you the true `` meanings '' of what you 've dreamt . The author 's interpretations of what your dreams supposedly predicted usually have no logical correlation to the dreams . Get this : The first part of the entry for `` cats '' says
 There are other deram books that are much better than this one . This book has alot of negative things to say about every dream listed . This it a book of hogwash and garbage ! Research other dream books on the web before you buy them .
 An insult to the intelligence of anyone who has done any research on dream physchology .
 one star is too complimentar
 It 's a pity that `` dictionary terminology '' is use to perpetuate racist rhetoric . I find it quite the fascinating study that a few of the reviewers were actually turned on -LRB- almost orgasmic -RRB- by the idea of `` purchasing '' a book because it 's banned -LRB- due to negative implications of another race -RRB- . Perhaps `` Aryan Nation '' could be truly interpreted as the quintessential nightmare . But I suppose it is easier to attack another race while covering the evils of another . If you are the typical happy go lucky American RACIST , Get the book , it will suit your ignorant dream life for the typical idiot brain .
 I have to agree with several of the other readers who gave this book a bad review . I bought this book thinking that it would be informative and realized after looking over the entire book that it was very grim and negative . Every time I would look up a dream it would be interpreted with doom and dispair , hardly any of the dreams have a positive outlook . Do n't waste your money .
 My feelings on this book are best described in my letter to the publishers of it.To Whom it May Concern
 Just appallingly negative . A cursory count found that negative dreams seem to outnumber positive dreams by about 4 to 1 . Since I took this book to work with me this is a consensus opinion and the negative aspects were first pointed out to me by numerous co-workers . I have no inclination to read it again , you may find it posted on e-bay if you are interested !
 The Kindle combined edition of Alice -LSB- 's Adventures -RSB- in Wonderland & Through the Looking Glass described here -LSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0011U42V6/ref=yml_dp -RSB- has neither the Tenniel illustrations nor the annotations mentioned in the description . As you can get the books for your Kindle for free , it 's not worth getting the combo - even for 99 cents - without these features . That seems rather the point of purchasing it . -LRB- It was for me , anyway . -RRB-
 I really wish I 'd read the review of this kindle book before I purchased it . It is not Alice in Wonderland & Through the Looking glass but Alice in Wonderland ONLY . Very irritating.There is really nothing positive to say about this edition , the formatting is about par for a cheap kindle book . It 's manageable but disappointing . If I were reviewing `` Alice in wonderland '' then I may have given it a 3-star review but as it is was inappropriately titled the entire experience is a disappointment.I wish there was some way to preview Kindle editions -LRB- screenshots etc -RRB- before purchasing them . You can read sample chapters but in this situation it would not have revealed that this is really only Alice in Wonderland . But it was a bargain and such things are always a bit of a crapshoot .
 I am extremely disappointed in online version of this book . The formatting is poor and they have removed all the great illustrations . I want my money back .
 Do n't get me wrong , I LOVE Alice in Wonderland , and have from childhood . Rereading it made me more aware of the intoxicating dreamlike quality of the story line as well as the incredibly tongue-in-cheek writing style . BUT ... I was very disappointed to open it and find it contained NO illustrations whatsoever ! Reading A.I.W. without the John Tenniel drawings is like eating plain dry bread . I know the drawings by heart so I could imagine them , but it is n't the same . Also -- many many typos ! Avoid this edition ! I 'm going to order a different one right now .
 I ordered this book in `` NEW '' condition . It was far from that . It was to be a replacement for one that my daughter had misplaced from our local library . They would not even take it . Very frustrating .
 This marvelous book has become such a part of our culture that it 's impossible to separate the phenomenon from the actual work . And perhaps it 's folly to even try.I grew up with a hard backed copy of Alice in Wonderland and remember going through the pages countless times , gazing at the magnificent pictures -- especially the Jabberwock -- and giggling at the poetry . `` Father William '' and `` The Walrus and the Carpenter '' still occupy parts of my brain as snatches and shards that want to pop out at awkward moments.That battle worn , orange backed book , handed down I 'm pretty sure from my Dad , and read by him with equal enthusiasm when he was a kid , is long gone , and now that I 'm armed with a Kindle I downloaded a copy to enjoy a fine book from my youth . If it 's true that you ca n't go home again , it 's even more true that some books will never let you back in . This is one of them.I 'm not sure if the fantastic lives of fantasy and fiction that play out daily as hard news have diluted our ability to plunge unrestrained into a book like Alice in Wonderland , or if the book refuses to give up its virtues a second time for a plainer reason
 This is a review of the physical book published by Tribeca Books , not the stories about Alice written by Lewis Carroll . The book itself is not worth your money . The text and margins are very small and do not seem well centered on the page . The font is simple and ugly . The spine of the book is completely white and does n't have the title of the book or author listed . It may be superficial , but how do you recognize this book on a bookshelf ? Overall , the book is very cheap and thrown together . Get a nicer version that also has the original illustrations by John Tenniel .
 Unfortunately , this Kindle version is missing almost all of the illustrations , which are an integral part of the book . And the poetry is not formatted correctly and is in red on my iPad Kindle.Through the Looking Glass -LSB- Kindle Edition -RSB- by BLTC is the one you want .
 This review is not about the book itself , but about the $ 0.99 Kindle edition . Considering this book is in the public domain , I would expect to get an active table of contents for an edition I have to pay for . That 's not the case here , so watch out .
 This edition is missing a line ! Look on page 37 , in the `` Fury said to a mouse '' poem . It says `` I 'll be jury '' when the real line is supposed to be `` I 'll be judge , I 'll be jury '' ! What other mistakes have they made ?
 This is about the font size , NOT the content . Gardner 's comments are about a 5 pt . -LRB- i.e. , smaller than used by newspapers for legal notices -RRB- . Had I known , I would have gotten the hard back edition .
 I purchased the Penguin kindle edition in June 2012 . ASIN
 the layout on my kindle with the poems is dreadfull and not what i expect for a book i have purchased i will download free versions in the future
 It 's a fantastic book , of course , and it certainly does n't need me to praise it as millions have done before . It 's probably one of the most unique things ever written
 I bought this edition because I was so horribly disappointed with the free version , which had no poetry . I wanted to be able to read the wonderful poems , like The Walrus and the Carpenter . However , this edition has no table of contents , and no index , which means I am unable to search for and go to the places in the book I am interested in . This makes it useless to me . Once again , I am horribly disappointed . Also , the reviews all praise the illustrations , but unfortunately , there are n't any !
 The actor does a good job acting out the voices of the character but its extremely difficult to understand him when he tries to act as Alice .
 This is not a pretty edition . For a serviceable edition just to read the wonderful words of these stories and to have them together , it 's ok . The printing is dense and the quality of the paper is poor . The price is great . Not for a gift . Teresa
 I bought this volume because several of the reviews mentioned that there were illustrations by John Tenniel . Unfortunately I failed to read the small print
 STILL have not recieved product ! very disappointed where as this was supposed to be for a high school project in which now i STILL dont have the book to use and project is due very soon ! what is going on ?
 Have you ever read the book Alice in Wonderland ? Well if you have n't , `` Do n't '' . Overall it was n't that bad of a book , but it was extremely confusing . In my opinion this book could have been written a lot better . For example , it could have been alot less confusing and more realistic . The main reason I did n't exactly enjoy Alice in Wonderland was because it needed to be more happy , then unhappy . Here are some more reasons why you should not read this boring book . Alice in Wonderland could have been written a lot better . The author 's language usage was a bit hard to comprehend , like when the caterpillar was talking to Alice about a crocodile and when the cat was giving Alice directions . Also , the scenes were short and they jumped right into each other too quickly . Most of the animals were rude and mean to Alice . The flowers shooed her away , the queen tried to cut off her head and the cat was always making her angry by lying . Another part that did n't make any sense was the tea party , there 's no such thing aa a `` Very Merry Unbirthday '' . Also the Mad Hatter and the Hare would n't listen to Alice when she was trying to tell her story . All the creatures and animals kept Alice from what she was trying to do which was to follow the white rabbit . Alice met many , many creatures such as Tweedle Dee , Tweedle Dum , Do Do , Bill , Rabbit , Cat , Queen of Hearts , Caterpillar , Playing cards , Mad Hatter , Hare , Flowers , Pig and the Door Knob . This book made me just as frustrated and upset as it made Alice.I felt like I was in the book and I could feel all the confusion and nonsense going on . If I had to give my overall opinion of how good the book was I would give it 2 stars.So , in conclusion I would like to let everyone know that Alice in Wonderland was not worth reading , so do n't waste your time ! Go get yourself an interesting book to read !
 Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland was an extremely ridiculous and confusing book . The characters were mis leading and Alice was very annoying -LRB- from the little details I read throughout the book -RRB- . This book would be a good for fantasy lovers , but to me it was unrealistic and childish . Some of the things the characters said and did in the story were confusing and somewhat complicated . I do n't know if I would recommend this book to younger children because of its wording , but it was a child-like book and would attract young readers in a way . The writer writes in a unusual , seemingly `` old fashioned '' way . You could tell the book was n't written recently by the language usage . Alice is a young girl who is very bright and adventurous . On her way down to Wonderland , she meets alot of new characters . Some are decieving like the treaser cat but all of the very intresting and USUAL , such as the Mad Hater , The Queen of Hearts , etc. . The way the author worded things in the book , made me get confused and unintrested . I had no desire in reading it after the first few pages . I thought the book was far fetched , and seriously i would n't recommend this book to teens or children .
 I truly feel sorry for any child forced to read this book in school . Reading it as an adult was no better . It was possibly the most warped and perverse story I have ever read in my life . Most passages were pure nonsense while others lead the reader to wonder if Lewis Carroll had possibly tasted some of the mushrooms Alice came upon in her adventure . There are many other `` classics '' out there more enjoyable and logical than this one .
 I was super sad when this book arrived :-LRB- The print was sooooo small that no one wanted to read it . When purchasing the book on Amazon there was no `` preview '' of the pages or inside of the book . I guess that I learned my lesson . I ended up purchasing a different Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass book so that we could read a book that had larger print . I was not happy with this book , and would not recommend it to anyone if you enjoy `` normal '' size print . This was really tiny !!!!! The book arrived in good shape and the shipping was satisfactory .
 Do n't buy the Kindle edition hoping to see the wonderful illustrations described in the product information . The Kindle edition is text only !
 I thought Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland was what the Disney movie was based on , and Through the Looking Glass was another adventure she had . But that is not the case here . The Disney movie version is based on a combination of both books . I think this is important to mention , as it will hardly be like the movie version we all know.I love the movie -LRB- both the 1951 Disney classic and the new Tim Burton version -RRB- and figured I would love the book as well , but this book screwed with me . I have always had a vivid imagination , but never non-sensical imagination . That is exactly what Mr. Carroll had when he wrote this book . The book does , however , contain many of the beloved movie characters - the caterpillar , the white rabbit , Queen of Hearts , Mad Hatter , Dormouse , and of course , the Cheshire cat.Overall , the two stories amused me and kept me entertained , but I would not read them again . I am glad to have read them , though , as Alice 's tale is a classic one .
 `` Alice in Wonderland '' was required reading for one of my present classes , if this had not been the case , I 'm certain I would not have finished it for the sake of enjoyment . I admit this story has good points as well as bad ; it would not have survived nearly so long if it did not . In my opinion , however , the good did not outweigh the bad.One of the strong points of this story is familiarity ; the vast majority of us have had some experience with this book , usually as a child ; we have heard the story , read a condensed version or seen a film or television portrayal . We have seen little girls dress up like Alice on Halloween ; and who does n't personally know The White Rabbit , The Cheshire Cat or the Queen of Hearts ? Perhaps there 's a degree of nostalgia that comes from revisiting these old childhood friends.In addition to being familiar , this story also has the charming quality of feeling as if it had been pulled directly out of a child 's imagination . By that , I mean it does n't follow the rules that have been set up by adults , either scientific or social . So , if you fall down a well shaft in Wonderland , not only are you likely to live , you may also be able to examine the trinkets placed on the shelves , perhaps even get in a few winks as you fall.In this book , nothing is what it seems -LRB- unless you are familiar enough with the story -RRB- ; a baby may mutate into a pig and run off snorting ; a couple of card soldiers may spend an afternoon painting white roses red in order to avoid losing their heads , this is all perfectly normal in Wonderland . Perhaps it is even this strange quality that has made this story so popular . It was n't enough for me however , to make up for what it lacks . This book did n't move along purposefully enough for me to enjoy it or care what happened next . It also had a strange dream-like quality and I do n't mean surreal or day-dreamy . It was dream-like because it was a jumble of random scenes that did n't really interrelate . We often fill in the gaps when we retell our dreams so in that they make sense to us and frankly so that they are worth telling to someone else . This is the impression that I had of Alice in Wonderland ; unstructured and random . The only real goal of the main character was to follow the white rabbit and even that failed as a motive fifty percent of the time . Alice is simply moved haphazardly through a sequence of strange encounters and then wakes up . Because of this , I did n't feel anticipation , I did n't hope for anything , and I did n't have any sense of closure when the story ended ; which are the elements that I feel make a story worth reading .
 I fully expected this book to be illistrated . obviously the reviews I read were for another publication . Without the trippy artwork , the book is just no fun to read .
 This purports to be a compilation of `` Alice '' , but in fact contains only the full text of `` Through the Looking Glass ''
 The pink flamingos are adorable , which makes it all the more disappointing when they start rubbing off from the second you remove the price sticker .
 I did receive my book within the time frame I was given . However , when I emailed them for a tracking number , I never heard a reply until now . It took 7 months to get the tracking number for my book . Although I did get my book , I am urging you to think twice before buying from this company . I value customer service very highly ; 7 months in unacceptable.NOTE
 `` Sublime nonsense '' - is the nutshell that this book is . It 's not cleverness - its just randomness disquised as cleverness . It just tosses a bunch of nothing together , shakes it up , mixes in a curious and rude little girl who 's rudeness pales next to the characters she encounters in Wonderland . Those thousand monkeys at typewriters would produce something along these lines before getting to Shakespeare . For some reason , I never read this when I was discovering Narnia or Oz . Ormondroyd 's `` David & the Phoenix '' has the spirit I expected to encounter in Caroll 's book . Instead - this book starts nowhere and ends nowhere . And perhaps that is the nonsense that some find pleasing . For me it was simply distracting . The whole idea of the world 's we create ourselves is a notion I have always been drawn to . Wonderland is n't even a world much less a persuasive daydream . Nothing there matters . And Alice just skips off at the end , leaving her sister to forecast a bit of standard drivel about the day when they will be grownups but always have their childhood inside . Meh .
 I ordered the Penguin Classics version of this book , and the seller shipped me the Signet Classics version .
 Ugh , I found both `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' & `` Through the Looking Glass '' to be thoroughly frustrating and painstaking to read . Both novels were way too wacky and filled with continuous , non-stop bizarre nonsense , that it became to distracting to read at times . There were several times that I had wanted to stop reading each novel , but persevered only because I wanted to see why these two novels are such beloved classics.However , I do n't understand why these two novels are so beloved . They are just too bizarre ... Was Lewis Carroll on some sort of drugs while writing these novels or what ?
 Ok , so everyone says that Alice in Wonderland was such a wonderful book , yes , yes , I am aware . But , I thought it was very confusing and all the characters were very stupid . I mean , it 's not even a book about anything . Sure , it 's trying to say that shes is growing up in the process of the dumb dream world but who cares?It was a bad way to write a story , or better yet it was a bad story to write about in the 1st place .
 I am sure this book must be beautiful but I never received it from this seller . They took the money out of my account and did not send me the book .
 I dont get why old books like these are called `` classics '' . I 've seen the cartoon as a kid and wanted to read the original book to see what made it so special . Now I know that its not special . Its a lot of nonsense , thats a little creative , but nothing that really takes you away from reality . A lot of the characters are unique , but only appear for a brief period and are n't fully developed -LRB- or even partialy -RRB- . Usually I 'm a bad critic because its easy for me to enjoy anything , but I 've had a tough time getting through this one , I dont even think its a good childrens book , they 'll say the same thing I do . BORING . Save the $ 3 and buy yourself a cup of coffee , you 'll find yourself more entertained with measuring out the sugar and cream and more satisfied to sip on that than to power through this .
 I bought this book for my wife . She loves it . It brings back old memories . Maybe when she is finished she will let me read it .
 I was really disappointed when I received this item . Firstly , it is printed in a strange format . I think it 's 8.5 x11 . It basically looks like someone typed it up in MS Word and printed it out on standard printer paper , I could have done that . I chose to buy the book so it looked more like a book.Second , the intro page where the publisher shows off all their other work , a bunch of the titles have the f word in it . I would n't give this to kids to read.Very disappointed , but not sure if it 's worth sending back to Amazon . Probably just dump it in the trash .
 This is the least appealing edition of these two wonderful works that I 've ever beheld . Whoever would want them in typewritten form , on letter-size pages , lookinglike an official transcript of court proceedings ? No illustrations , either -- neither the classic Tenniel drawings nor any modern work . We ordered this for a gift to a child , but no child would give it a second glance . I ca n't imagine an adult reader reading it in this dull format , either . There is n't even a table of contents -- it 's just a solid mass of typewriting .
 I purchased this edition specifically because of the beautiful illustrations that were referenced in the Amazon review . I wanted to read it to my 6y . o. who NEEDS illustrations . There are none . Also , the print is very small , making it a bit of a task to read .
 I purchased this book because I was specifically lo0king for the sequel , Through the Looking-Glass . I already have `` Alice '' , and for free . This edition claims Looking Glass in its title , but only includes Alice . Do not be fooled . Get Alice for free and skip this misleading version .
 This mass market paperback edition of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking Glass by Signet classics is MISSING A LINE on page 37 during the mouse 's poem . Another reviewer noted this as well . I do n't know why this edition has sold so well and garnered such positive reviews when there is an obvious error . I purchased it after reading that review and thinking he must be mistaken , but he is right , it is there .
 Last week I downloaded the free version of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . All the poetry was missing from it . I did n't realize it right away until I got to the chapter with the Mock Turtle . So , I came across this version and it was very appealing because I thought I was getting both books for just 99 cents . At first I was mostly satisfied since I saw the poetry , but the formatting of the book was weird . There would be a line of text and then the next line would only have a couple words . Also , this download only has Alice in Wonderland . This review is supposed to be for `` Alice in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glasss '' , but after you download the book the cover says `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' . Somebody made a huge mistake somewhere and now I have to go buy Through the Looking-Glass .
 This threadbare bargain-priced edition may seem like a deal , but consider before purchasing that it has no table of contents , no introduction , no forward , no illustrations , and no bibliography . Adding insult to injury , the layout of this edition is easily one the worst ever for a reprint , with all words that originally appeared in italics for emphasis printed here in big block caps , as if the typesetting was done by an abrasive kid trying to get attention in an on line chat ... IF YOU GET WHAT I MEAN.If you really want to explore and experience Lewis Carroll 's classic , getThe Annotated Alice
 The book mentions and breifly describes many alternative religions or new religious movements -LRB- NRMs -RRB- that started in the United States , from the colonial period through modern times.For my taste , too much time is spent providing many examples , just to support the few main points the author is trying to make . I would like more depth . There just was n't enough information about any of the NRMs . And the author sounds like he wants us to respect , honor and love them all as if they were each beloved children . Hogwash . He is right to try to provide understanding , and show that there is no reason to hate these NRMs or anyone involved in them . But he just goes farther than I think he should , and farther than anyone should . After all , some of these NRMs have proven to be downright tragic , if not evil . And personally , I extend that all religions , old and new , big and small , aminstream and alternative.Also , he almost completely ignores one of the biggest NRMs ever - the Mormons . Why ? Were they too successful ? Or are they now too mainstream , even though they still cling to modern prophets like NASCAR fans to Dale Jr.But if you want an easy to read pamplet that will give you some idea of the number and basic characteristics of most of the new religions created in America , then this book is worth a read . You can have my copy .
 I read through the context of the book and hoped to find some meaningful information about muscular problems , however I found that the authors descriptions of `` perceived phenonomenon '' to be totally inaccurate and barred by lack of real clinical experience.The terminology of hypotonic spasm vs hypertonic spasm is nonsense , as all spasm by definition is hypertonic . He makes a number of descriptions about human anatomy that make me question whether he has had any training at all . If this book is a result of 25 years of study then he may need to quit since time in this circumstance is not generating greater understanding.Nothing revolutionary here , plenty of this type of work has been better explained and correlated in many other places.Save your money for someone who knows what they are talking about .
 I could almost overlook the theory that `` shoulder viruses -LRB- specific for each shoulder -RRB- '' cause tense shoulders , but when I find multiple instances of diagrams with mislabled muscles , I have to give this book the heave-ho . What practicing massage therapist thinks the gluteus minimus is on the front of the body , or that the levator scapulae is `` scalenes '' ? The therapy might work , but the theory seems to be on shaky terrain .
 With phrases like `` Because extreme physical regimens like bodybuilding are so unhealthy , a completely new medical specialty - sports medicine - has been developed in recent years , '' Griner dishes many opinions in the form of medical fact . His cause and effects are often speculative or down right incorrect . Sure , his technique works , but he writes about too many topics in which he has not been schooled .
 I could almost overlook the theory that `` shoulder viruses -LRB- specific for each shoulder -RRB- '' cause tense shoulders , but when I find multiple instances of diagrams with mislabled muscles , I have to give this book the heave-ho . What practicing massage therapist thinks the gluteus minimus is on the front of the body , or that the levator scapulae is `` scalenes '' ? The therapy might work , but the theory seems to be on shaky terrain .
 For a game that got as much hype as Quake , it sure is disappointing . Sure , the graphics are an improvement over Doom and DukeNukem 3d , but it 's just too dark . As for multiplayer , DukeNukem 3d is much more fun to play against others . If I were you , I 'd test it out at a friend 's house first .
 Bertrand Russell and Dora Russell 1923 - The Prospects of Industrial CivilizationNot a popular book by Russell . A second edition was published in 1959 , with a preface attributed to Dora Russell -LRB- they married in 1921 , for a while -RRB- . It 's not clear what differences were made from the first edition - the preface is worthless trivia and amusingly comments on the ` communist blaock ' and ` spirit of free enterprise ' despite the fact that book shows that even in 1918 there were huge American trusts . I 'm pretty sure I once read the first edition - I remember a phrase something like ` men desire sexual intercourse with all women ' , which is missing from this version . Unfortunately , Russell was not averse to a bit of editing of his own past - his book ` Which Way To Peace ? ' published just before 1939 was never reprinted . Dora Black , ` daughter of a senior civil servant ' , studied Greek , Latin and German , before going to Cambridge where she got a first in Modern Languages . The details seem hard to find - but anyway after her degree she researched in France , so one assumes French was one of her languages . It 's not clear to me whether she knew Russian . One has to assume she had something like zero awareness of science , technology , and industry , and I 'll assume in what follows that Russell wrote most of the book , despite the claims that it was a joint effort . It seems she loved the Bolsheviks , but , with almost insane hypocrisy , disliked the ` machine age ' . First , the title and presentation . It 's necessary to spend a little time on these . The title in fact is misleading . The book is in two parts , roughly speaking -LRB- 1 -RRB- a retrospective view of industrialism so far , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- a theoretical look at ethics and what a good society should be . There 's a certain amount on prospects , but not much . Russell unfortunately made little attempt to knit his essays together or signpost them . Thus a number of chapters are subdivided - I , II , and III style - but it 's left to the reader to try to deduce the reasons for these subdivisions . So this book leans towards being an atomised collection of essays rather than a unified argument - his ` Human Society in Ethics and Politics ' a quarter of a century later has the same rather bitty style.Although I have a high opinion of Russell , this book is so bad that I wonder whether it has any value at all . There are some acute-ish comments , for example comparing cells of a body with individual single-celled creatures -LRB- p34 - pagination taken from the Routledge edn -RRB- though obviously this sounds Hobbesian . There 's a good comparison of Calvinism with industry - for example with inheritance as something like predestination . But a lot is very weak . I 'll go through bullet-point fashion -- -LSB- 1 -RSB- One of Russell 's tricks , perhaps taken from set theory , or from Marx on classes , is to start on some topic - generally a buzzword of the time - and then , rather than define it in sufficient detail to be useful , to split it into two parts , and describe those instead , generally in some mutually hostile way . Thus -LRB- p18 -RRB- two growing forces ` stand out . . Industrialism and Nationalism ' . He does n't say why these ` stand out ' . He was writing soon after the ` Great War ' ; one might have thought that Militarism would ` stand out ' . Or , in view of the Empire , race issues . Anyway , he describes ` Industrialism ' as something like -LRB- p19 -RRB- an extension of normal tools - Russell means the use of huge , expensive , temporarily unproductive factories and installations . He then says ` Industrialism ' must be , or is , of two types - ` capitalist ' or ` socialist ' . And ` Nationalism ' has two forms -LRB- p25 -RRB- - one for the bosses , Imperialism ; one for the underdogs - Self-determination . This technique is often Russell 's way of smuggling in various assumptions . -LSB- 2 -RSB- Russell had little feeling for technology and science ; and Dora presumably even less so . Russell never quite got the feeling for the difference between description and analysis . All his material on ` Industry ' was based on Britain , the USA , and Europe , including steam-powered engines , the cotton cloth industry , coal , and iron . Why did he pick these ? He had no predictive technique - if he 'd been born in 1700 he could have predicted none of these . His material relies on other peoples ' having decided to try these things , and get them to operate . This means all his pontification is somewhat pointless , because he seems to have no way to suggest how it ought to have been different . His mental model of ` Industrialism ' is of spoil heaps , muck , sweat , labourers , huge factories , and top-hatted capitalists . -LRB- Stalin had a different scheme - on behalf of his foreign controllers , to import factories and arm the USSR for all-out war against Europe . This is ` industrialism ' of a sort , too . -RRB- Apart from the aims oligrachs might have , there 's the issue of techniques
 Correct me if I am wrong , but a mystery is suppose to be a `` mystery '' . It is suppose to be hard to figure out for the reader , not impossible , but hard . This was not hard to figure out . Even the good reviews admit , there was not much mystery in this book . If you like MYSTERY , do not touch this book !! He is a good writer , and most of the characters were developed well . -LRB- Except for Wu , who was a shallow stereotype . -RRB- Halfway thru the book , i am thinking `` Are these characters stupid ? '' A blind man could see the connections . It was an insult.Wu is suppose to have an IQ of 150 , so she is trusted with her FIRST murder trial with no help ? That would NEVER happen !!! NEVER EVER!And she makes stupid comments to Hardy , asking him why would the judge not let their client go free ? it is the right thing to do . Hardy , then lectures her on how the system works . LOL . It was laughable.Andrew 's story ? `` i made it all up ! '' Give me a break !! And the cowel that he wore , just happened to be the same . LOL . And the eye witnessess could not tell the difference between a black guy and a white guy !?! Did anybody notice . That all the victims just happened to be the one who answered the door , even when others were at home.The ending had ONE small surprise . But most of Part 3 , was a waste of time . Brandt just happened to guess who the executioner was ??? What a stretch!His ability to write good prose and give details , and create a degree of confusion by overloading the story with too many characters is what helps him . But you have to suspend any rational thinking to think this was a good mystery .
 I just happened to pick this book up and read it without the preceding works in this series as a foundation . It might be that after reading all of his earlier books Lescroart 's ` Second Chair ' might be comfortable territory for the initiated . But as a stand alone book , this is pretty tired fare . The plot is far fetched and does not gel into the remotest idea of cohesion . The story bumps along from one character to the next like a bad auto accident . The characters are cardboard cut outs that are painful to imagine . And lastly the ending is a disaster of major `` saw that coming '' proportions.The writing style itself is not too shabby , though Lescroart could have whittled down the story by a hundred pages and lost nothing.Plainly , this is just a sub par Grisham .
 Having read all his last six books Lescroart disappointed me with this one . I was able to guess both the Executioner and how the two stories involving Glitsky and Hardy were going to converge half way through the book . The next 200 odd pages were then difficult to get through.Lescroart still retains his captivating style and warm characters but this book is living off the success of his last couple with constant references to events from the First Law . If I had n't read The First Law before this one I would have struggled to understand what all the references to the previous year was about.I would only recommend this book to his die hard fans .
 This is not one of his better books After the first chapter I got bored with the book would not recommend this book
 This was a decent read . I think the plot was a bit scattered and the dialogue shift between some of the characters was over used and clich&eacute; , but for the most part the book was okay.The authors slips a bit of sociology in there too . You see a circle of events but you also see the answer to questions that , as adults , we see in kids . '' How can anyone hate like that ? '' Well , the family may be part of the reason and in this story , you get that . A racist father , a racist son and so one . The progression makes sense . The honest father , the honest son .
 This was a decent read . I think the plot was a bit scattered and the dialogue shift between some of the characters was over used and clich&eacute; , but for the most part the book was okay.The authors slips a bit of sociology in there too . You see a circle of events but you also see the answer to questions that , as adults , we see in kids . '' How can anyone hate like that ? '' Well , the family may be part of the reason and in this story , you get that . A racist father , a racist son and so one . The progression makes sense . The honest father , the honest son .
 Stuart Woods is great again . I thought it was one of his more current books , only to find it was written some time ago . I must say I enjoyed the book very much . I love the character development and the speed of the action . I would recommend this book to anyone who even thinks they like Stuart Woods .
 I generally do n't review a book I fail to finish . I figure it 's a decent thing to do if I warn you as I did in my Title line.Stuart Woods has been reviewed as inserting his own left wing liberal politics in his books before . Here he does it again causing me to abandon this book within the first 50 pages . I do n't doubt it 's a well written crime demi-novel -LRB- fiction based on fact - my word -RRB- but the supposed attitudes of the characters in rural GA circa WWI here are impossible to take.The first 40 pages or so are a diatribe against personal ownership of firearms and how those who claim to use them well are to be dismissed with a laugh . That may be your politics . Clearly , it 's not mine . However , I do n't care how Woods votes , but I do care about buying a book from Amazon here at most of retail only to find myself subjected to a left wing liberal rant which would embarrass Ted Kennedy.If you can stomach that , perhaps the rest of the book works out to be a fine read . I 'll never know .
 The book was only in fair condition , which was kinda disapponting , but the book is very good . No offense to anyone
 I liked the core idea of the book and the fast pace . The formatting could have been better , there were a lot of spots where the scene changed but there was no page transition , so it looked like one long garbled mess . The grammer and and sentance structure could use some work , but considering that English is not the author 's first language it was not too bad , I have seen worse from native born speakers . Some of the characters seemed rather one dimensional and there was a great deal of development . Other than that I would say this was a good first effort from a new writer .
 This booklet never really got off the ground for me . It 's to short and could have been much better if their was more to it . I waisted my free Prime borrowed book for the month on it . Not worth it . Try Lisa See 's books or Amy Tan , much better story and characters .
 This book will probably get a better response if it 's made into a movie . It reads like a screenplay with all the usual suspects
 I was disappointed with this book . Although there was plenty of action , the characters were not developed and I almost quit reading it half way through . The plot was very transparent and the story , as told , was not believable at all . I would not recommend this book .
 It 's not much of a novel , but I bet it will be a terrific teen action movie . -LRB- In fact , the same story in a different setting already WAS a terrific movie back in 1981 , `` Taps '' -RRB- The book reads as though it was fleshed out from a screenplay . There is little exposition , back-story , plot intersection . It 's your basic , linear white-hat vs black-hat war story , the twist being that the white-hats are teenagers and the black-hats are adults .
 This nearly became one of the handful of books I 've put down before finishing it . I stuck it out , but it really was n't worth it . The idea is a fantastic one , and as a lover of WWII fiction I was really looking forward to something different . But the language and events are all over the place . The action is very hard to follow and in just about every battle I had a hard time telling what was going on . It also could have benefitted from a map of Naples -- I 've never been to Naples , and his descriptions of locations left me baffled . One moment some kids are chasing a tank down an alley , the next moment they 're in a castle . Huh ? Where did a castle come from ? I was lost . He also builds up some major character only to have them fizzle out later , as if they were never really imporatant.On top of all that , the Germans are portrayed here like the bumbling idiots that chase down Indiana Jones . Everybody knows the German 's were horrible and intelligent , and there 's no way they would have gone out like they did in this book . True , a fight in the streets of Naples did take place , but many lost thier lives . I think only two kids die in the book , at least that you witness . That 's just not realistic.Anyone who wants a good WWII story should read The Good German by Joseph Kannon . Skip this
 Read half way before I realised it was the same predictable scenes , over and over again . Invincible American , heroic street urchins , stupid Nazis . A Biggles adventure but nowhere near as tongue in cheek or as entertaining . Von Stalhein -LRB- in Biggles -RRB- is a far more clever and convincing villain than Von Klaus . Could read no further , not even to skim through to see how it ended , I no longer cared .
 I read Sleepers years ago and remember liking it so I thought I 'd give this book a try . Street Boys never really took off . The story was predictable from beginning to end . I could have put the book down at any time and not regretted it , but I kept on going thinking that it would get better . It did n't . The characters were unbelievable , the writing was stilted . I gave this book two stars because a teen might like it , but I ca n't imagine recommending it to anyone else .
 It 's interesting how much of the plot of this novels seems to have been lifted from a 1970 Rock Hudson movie entitlled HORNET 'S NEST .
 This book , by a supposedly noted author , containsseveral hundred mispelled words , including many with thesame pronunciation as the correct spelling , but with differentmeanings and spellings.What I consider the definitive screw-up was findingthe name of one of the minor German army characters spelledtwo different ways on consecutive pages.It is not even remotely acceptable , no matter how busyor well-meaning one is , to rely completely on spelling , dictionary , or grammatical software when writing a book tobe published.This book is apparently intended as a joke , but is solacking in any merit , humorous or otherwise , that I actuallygave up in disgust after reading half of it .
 How much liberty should a fiction writer have over a true and heroic effort of history ? Street Boys is an inventive tale of the events of those riveting four days , but why stray so far from the truth ? Heroes of the past deserve a just tribute , and in this case the truth is far more gripping . There was no American star that taught these poor boys to fight , and moreover , the bravest of the boys who did on their own were each awarded Gold medals of Honor for valor , an all-empowering fact that Carcaterra seemingly overlooked in his fiction.An enthralling depiction closer to the truth can be found in the 1980 book and now audiocassette title `` Four Days of Naples '' or the 1963 Academy Award nominated film of the same name by Nanni Loy . It will be interesting to see if Carcaterra 's 2002 tale receives as much acclaim . Though I seriously doubt it .
 I kept thinking , while I was reading Street Boys , that this book is a terrible insult to the actual street fighters who held off the nazis and their panzers in the Warsaw Ghetto in Poland , only to be lost in the end.The author , to compound the error , makes every action scene uninteresting and unbelievable , and every emotional scene -LRB- death and love -RRB- devoid of emotion . Episodes of dying children are smarmy or corny , or both at once . Children outsmart and overwhelm seasoned soldiers who have far superior firepower at every turn.Even the most egregious mistakes supposedly made by the Germans would not have enabled outnumbered and overmatched children to destroy a panzer division and hundreds of enemy troops , along with a German tanker.I hope no one buys this book . I hope no one pays to see the movie . I hope people read Mila 18 by Leon Uris instead .
 This is the third Carcaterra book that I have read -LRB- Sleepers , Apaches -RRB- and by far the worst . The scenes in this book are so unbelievable , I found myself stressed about finishing the final 1/3 of the book . There is a stead-fast rule in this book
 While waiting to board on my last flight from Houston to Europe , I bumped into this last work by Carcaterra . I did not read `` Sleepers '' , so this was my first experience , but , regretfully , I am not going to account as a memorable one.I am Neapolitan and the memory of the stories told by my Grandma of the famous `` Quattro Giornate '' -LRB- the four days of Naples -RRB- are still vivid in my memory.Maybe my expectation was different , maybe to high , considering how sacred is this event in our minds
 When I read somewhere that Mr. Carcaterra was the author of the book on which the film `` Sleepers '' was based , I thought that I would at the very least get a well-structured , exciting story about one of my favorite topics , WWII . Boy was I wrong ! Instead the novel turns out to be something akin to a script for a Jerry Bruckheimer-Michael Bay production . Here 's why :1 . The characters are hollow and one-dimensional . I felt no attachment to any of the lead characters , and the one most interesting to me is never fleshed-out and is wasted three-quarters of the way through .2 . There are so many inconsistencies , I had to force myself to finish the book midway through . Unless everyone in Naples , from the American to the Neopolitans to the Germans , all spoke one language , how were they able to understand everything and communicate so clearly to one another ? How exactly did those street boys in the zoo understand what was said between the two German snipers ? 3 . Most of the action is ludicrous and so cliched . The setups , I swear , seem like they were lifted from some Bruce Willis action flick . Am I really to believe that an army of 200 tykes could actually take on one of Germany 's lauded Panzer divisions , who were both feared and respected as the best fighting armored army of the war , and affect as much damage as they did ? And the way Carcaterra writes the Nazi soldiers is straight out of a propaganda action flick during the war .4 . The romance between Steve and Nunzia feels tacked on and is incredibly formless and dull .5 . The dialogue is as cheesy as it gets . I 'm talking groan-inducing . And everyone sounds the same ; I had a hard time distinguishing the voices of each character.To sum it up , the book is lazy , phony and sloppy . It starts out okay , but by the halfway point it becomes a struggle to get through without thinking of that other book you could have been reading instead . I ca n't really recommend the book to anyone , especially to fans of WWII historical novels or to those of the action genre .
 I purchased this book because it was about two of my favorite topics , Naples and WWII . The author lured me into thinking this was a historical novel , but that is not true . He has no sense of geography . Anyone standing in Naples and facing the sea will have Vesuvio to their LEFT , not the right . Salerno is SOUTH of Naples . There were many errors in the Italian phrases in the book . The story seemed based on early sixties war films . Connors jeep apparently had a bottomless fuel tank . In spite of fierce battles all around , he and Nunzia find time for a `` quickie '' . The German Colonel reacts to everything by slamming his fist on something . Charecters appearing in one part of the city , then another part of the city without the benefit of public transportation.There are countless true stories about the bravery of the Sgunnizzi -LSB- street boys -RSB- that need to be told . Perhaps another author will do them justice .
 Mr. Carcaterra , your mistakes were so evident in the text that I hardly feel a need to reveal them . However , for the sake of the public , here they are :1 . Do you even know what you are doing with the history of this event ? You have taken this battle of guts and courage from cowering , left behind children and made into into Helms Deep . The cleverness and cunning of your characters , while cute , was a complete insult to their legacy of ultimate destruction against an overwhelming force of perhaps the mightiest soldiers of their era . That said , I disagree with the reviewers who have only skimmed the text and say that only two kids die . In truth I could count maybe twenty deaths of children in your almost fantastical story .2 . You made me want to cry . And cry and cry and cry . And after I got done crying , cry some more . Your battle scenes were HORRIBLE ! In every one you have kids come out of buildings like Gorillas , pull grenades and Molotov cocktails from their butts , kill 100 Nazis and under fire run to the enemy lines to steal their guns before retreating back into the buildings and sewers with their newly acquired weaponry . You made the German army out to look like impotent fools touching their weapons for the first time , when in fact they were trained and able men who had fought for years , who had superior weaponry and an entire division of tanks . I remember in one battle scene you have your character Vincenzo lure unsuspecting Germans into a castle courtyard to be picked off and all but slaughtered by a few kids who had managed to lay Mines just before the soldiers bust into the courtyard . First off , the Germans would have either beaten the kid into submission for information when he approached them , or better yet , they would have shot him . And secondly , THIS IS NOT AN EPISODE OF `` HOME ALONE ! '' The Germans would have spotted Mines roughly laid by the hands of Neapolitan children . Even with superior position on the Germans , the tank that the Germans had brought into the courtyard with them would have crumbled the structure from the inside out in a matter of minuets , taking the children with the rubble to the jagged floor below . Those who did n't die on impact would have found themselves alone , weaponless and outnumbered by battle-hardened German soldiers that would have taken their lives without uncommon consequence . Frankly , Mr. Carcaterra , these kids were fighting a lost cause that would consume all of their lives before liberation and it would n't have been a single American bomber that took out an entire panzer division .3 . All impracticalities aside , your writing and plot structure was ill developed . You obviously did n't take that much time planning out the succession of events . About 100 pages before the `` immoral '' snipers got in a firefight with the children that finally took their lives , you introduced them in the middle of the conflicts moving into the central city . THEY SHOULD N'T HAVE BEEN THERE . NEVER ! Did n't you go to college , because your preliminary English teacher is shaking his head in sorrow . You need to spend more time thinking about your writing before sending it off to be published on a gimmick , simply because you 're a best selling author!To conclude , you are an excellent writer and I am sure a great person , but you blew it with this one . Disappointing , yes , but still another addition to the library . Suggested only to those few brave who are willing to be a bit experimental with history.Mat Perrin , esq. .
 Having been somewhat of a fan in the past , I thought I 'd get a bit of a lift out of Carcaterra 's latest work . Unfortunately , the only lift out of this made-for-the-screen tripe is what Carcaterra took from earlier and vastly better renditions of the historic boys uprising in Naples over those four days in 1943 . He says in the opening that the locations and scenes are wholly new and what he created for `` Street Boys , '' but it was all done before in much better , truer , and heartfelt books . A few earlier reviews list some , but one in particular that comes to mind is a book called `` Four Days of Naples . '' Not to mention , the Italians made a movie as well , and it was up for an Academy Award . I wonder if Carcaterra read or saw any of those . I would n't be surprised given all the hoopla that surrounded the validity and release of his earlier `` Sleepers . '' Anyway , all I 'm trying to say here is that I was very disappointed in the book . The material deserves a much better focus and sincere author , someone who actually cares as much about the historic boys as Carcaterra does the check he probably received for hacking out this paper-thin comic .
 What a disappointment ! There is very little in this book that merits even one star , but that 's as low as I could find.Carcaterra knows virtually nothing of military tactics or equipment , and very little of the events in Naples that this book tries to portray.He is completely out of his element in writing this story , and anyone who has ever served in the military will be unable to finish the bookPerhaps Carcaterra should stay with the `` Sleepers '' theme , which he seems to know about .
 I was very disappointed with this book . There is not much of a story . It 's not interesting . I ordered this because I like the lift the flap books . Their are only 4 flaps in the whole book . The story is short and very unimaginative . I am sending it back !!
 I bought this reference because I liked Stanek 's book `` Windows XP Professional Administrator 's Pocket Consultant . '' I was disappointed . It is 275 pages , but the information could be printed in half that if were n't all double-spaced and in large type . It is also cheaply printed -- the titles seem to use a drop shadow effect that might have looked good on-screen , but looks more like a bug when printed.Only basic command-prompt stuff is presented . I do n't see anything about file name completion , for example , and newer tools like fc -LRB- File Compare -RRB- are not included.There are six pages on scheduling tasks with the `` at '' command , but it never mentions the newer XP command , schtasks , which is better integrated with the GUI version.Finally , there is no index in the book . There is a chapter that has commands sorted by function rather than name , but it is n't a substitute for a real index .
 The latest in the series featuring John Deal finds him in Key West , Florida overseeing a construction project . Picking up where `` Bone Key '' left off , the project is moving forward and things are going so well , John has opened a satellite office in the area and is occasionally commuting to the home office in Miami . If it were n't for Isabella , his daughter who lives with his estranged wife Janice , he would ditch Miami and move to the Keys.Then the rich Mr. Fuentes arrives in his small non-descript office in Key West . Mr. Fuentes has a proposition for John Deal . The days of Castro are numbered and the rebuilding of Cuba , especially the historical landmarks in Havana , will soon be underway . Mr. Fuentes wants John to follow his deceased father 's footsteps back to Cuba and consult on the rebuilding . Mr. Fuentes brushes aside current political concerns and believes that once Castro departs this mortal coil , a tidal wave of money , especially American money , will wash over the island . John Deal would not only get a consulting fee now for making the trip and considering what needs to be done , he would stand to make a fortune once the actual work began underway . This could be the final break he needs to once again bring the construction company his father created , DealCO , all the way back to its preeminent status.John Deal agrees to consider the scope of the work and soon arrives in Havana , Cuba aboard Mr. Fuentes opulent yacht . Like the crumbling structures that hide the past beauty of the city , the real reason Mr. Fuentes brought him to Cuba lies hidden beneath the surface . Slowly , it becomes apparent as John finds himself the target of gun wielding thugs and the center of a political mess in Cuba and at home . Survival , not money becomes paramount as John Deal struggles to escape the island alive.This is not the normal John Deal series book that I have grown accustomed to reading over the years . Missing is the humor , the occasional witty comment , that served as additional background in the other novels of the series . In fact , the human element is all but lost in this novel that spends so much time in regards to family connections.Instead , the reader is told that one should feel emotion over various things throughout the novel , but that emotional connection to the reader is never made . There is a certain distance to the writing , which is especially surprising considering some of the various personal events in John Deal 's past that are covered . Considering the obvious storytelling possibilities , this lack of emotion is amazing and ca n't be discussed further without giving away major portions of the novel.This book also hardly answers the many questions that it raises . One question is answered at the end , but most are left dangling in what appears to be nothing more than a setup for the next novel of the series . With so much unfinished business , it leaves this reader feeling just a bit cheated . Les Standiford has taken his readers off on a tangent and the question remains whether he will return them to the main highway or crash in a dead end .
 This is a review of the physical book published by Tribeca Books , not the stories about Alice written by Lewis Carroll . The book itself is not worth your money . The text and margins are very small and do not seem well centered on the page . The font is simple and ugly . The spine of the book is completely white and does n't have the title of the book or author listed . It may be superficial , but how do you recognize this book on a bookshelf ? Overall , the book is very cheap and thrown together . Get a nicer version that also has the original illustrations by John Tenniel .
 Unfortunately , this Kindle version is missing almost all of the illustrations , which are an integral part of the book . And the poetry is not formatted correctly and is in red on my iPad Kindle.Through the Looking Glass -LSB- Kindle Edition -RSB- by BLTC is the one you want .
 This review is not about the book itself , but about the $ 0.99 Kindle edition . Considering this book is in the public domain , I would expect to get an active table of contents for an edition I have to pay for . That 's not the case here , so watch out .
 This edition is missing a line ! Look on page 37 , in the `` Fury said to a mouse '' poem . It says `` I 'll be jury '' when the real line is supposed to be `` I 'll be judge , I 'll be jury '' ! What other mistakes have they made ?
 I bought this edition because I was so horribly disappointed with the free version , which had no poetry . I wanted to be able to read the wonderful poems , like The Walrus and the Carpenter . However , this edition has no table of contents , and no index , which means I am unable to search for and go to the places in the book I am interested in . This makes it useless to me . Once again , I am horribly disappointed . Also , the reviews all praise the illustrations , but unfortunately , there are n't any !
 The actor does a good job acting out the voices of the character but its extremely difficult to understand him when he tries to act as Alice .
 STILL have not recieved product ! very disappointed where as this was supposed to be for a high school project in which now i STILL dont have the book to use and project is due very soon ! what is going on ?
 Have you ever read the book Alice in Wonderland ? Well if you have n't , `` Do n't '' . Overall it was n't that bad of a book , but it was extremely confusing . In my opinion this book could have been written a lot better . For example , it could have been alot less confusing and more realistic . The main reason I did n't exactly enjoy Alice in Wonderland was because it needed to be more happy , then unhappy . Here are some more reasons why you should not read this boring book . Alice in Wonderland could have been written a lot better . The author 's language usage was a bit hard to comprehend , like when the caterpillar was talking to Alice about a crocodile and when the cat was giving Alice directions . Also , the scenes were short and they jumped right into each other too quickly . Most of the animals were rude and mean to Alice . The flowers shooed her away , the queen tried to cut off her head and the cat was always making her angry by lying . Another part that did n't make any sense was the tea party , there 's no such thing aa a `` Very Merry Unbirthday '' . Also the Mad Hatter and the Hare would n't listen to Alice when she was trying to tell her story . All the creatures and animals kept Alice from what she was trying to do which was to follow the white rabbit . Alice met many , many creatures such as Tweedle Dee , Tweedle Dum , Do Do , Bill , Rabbit , Cat , Queen of Hearts , Caterpillar , Playing cards , Mad Hatter , Hare , Flowers , Pig and the Door Knob . This book made me just as frustrated and upset as it made Alice.I felt like I was in the book and I could feel all the confusion and nonsense going on . If I had to give my overall opinion of how good the book was I would give it 2 stars.So , in conclusion I would like to let everyone know that Alice in Wonderland was not worth reading , so do n't waste your time ! Go get yourself an interesting book to read !
 Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland was an extremely ridiculous and confusing book . The characters were mis leading and Alice was very annoying -LRB- from the little details I read throughout the book -RRB- . This book would be a good for fantasy lovers , but to me it was unrealistic and childish . Some of the things the characters said and did in the story were confusing and somewhat complicated . I do n't know if I would recommend this book to younger children because of its wording , but it was a child-like book and would attract young readers in a way . The writer writes in a unusual , seemingly `` old fashioned '' way . You could tell the book was n't written recently by the language usage . Alice is a young girl who is very bright and adventurous . On her way down to Wonderland , she meets alot of new characters . Some are decieving like the treaser cat but all of the very intresting and USUAL , such as the Mad Hater , The Queen of Hearts , etc. . The way the author worded things in the book , made me get confused and unintrested . I had no desire in reading it after the first few pages . I thought the book was far fetched , and seriously i would n't recommend this book to teens or children .
 I truly feel sorry for any child forced to read this book in school . Reading it as an adult was no better . It was possibly the most warped and perverse story I have ever read in my life . Most passages were pure nonsense while others lead the reader to wonder if Lewis Carroll had possibly tasted some of the mushrooms Alice came upon in her adventure . There are many other `` classics '' out there more enjoyable and logical than this one .
 I bought this volume because several of the reviews mentioned that there were illustrations by John Tenniel . Unfortunately I failed to read the small print
 This is not a pretty edition . For a serviceable edition just to read the wonderful words of these stories and to have them together , it 's ok . The printing is dense and the quality of the paper is poor . The price is great . Not for a gift . Teresa
 I ordered this book in `` NEW '' condition . It was far from that . It was to be a replacement for one that my daughter had misplaced from our local library . They would not even take it . Very frustrating .
 This marvelous book has become such a part of our culture that it 's impossible to separate the phenomenon from the actual work . And perhaps it 's folly to even try.I grew up with a hard backed copy of Alice in Wonderland and remember going through the pages countless times , gazing at the magnificent pictures -- especially the Jabberwock -- and giggling at the poetry . `` Father William '' and `` The Walrus and the Carpenter '' still occupy parts of my brain as snatches and shards that want to pop out at awkward moments.That battle worn , orange backed book , handed down I 'm pretty sure from my Dad , and read by him with equal enthusiasm when he was a kid , is long gone , and now that I 'm armed with a Kindle I downloaded a copy to enjoy a fine book from my youth . If it 's true that you ca n't go home again , it 's even more true that some books will never let you back in . This is one of them.I 'm not sure if the fantastic lives of fantasy and fiction that play out daily as hard news have diluted our ability to plunge unrestrained into a book like Alice in Wonderland , or if the book refuses to give up its virtues a second time for a plainer reason
 I am extremely disappointed in online version of this book . The formatting is poor and they have removed all the great illustrations . I want my money back .
 Do n't get me wrong , I LOVE Alice in Wonderland , and have from childhood . Rereading it made me more aware of the intoxicating dreamlike quality of the story line as well as the incredibly tongue-in-cheek writing style . BUT ... I was very disappointed to open it and find it contained NO illustrations whatsoever ! Reading A.I.W. without the John Tenniel drawings is like eating plain dry bread . I know the drawings by heart so I could imagine them , but it is n't the same . Also -- many many typos ! Avoid this edition ! I 'm going to order a different one right now .
 The Kindle combined edition of Alice -LSB- 's Adventures -RSB- in Wonderland & Through the Looking Glass described here -LSB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0011U42V6/ref=yml_dp -RSB- has neither the Tenniel illustrations nor the annotations mentioned in the description . As you can get the books for your Kindle for free , it 's not worth getting the combo - even for 99 cents - without these features . That seems rather the point of purchasing it . -LRB- It was for me , anyway . -RRB-
 I really wish I 'd read the review of this kindle book before I purchased it . It is not Alice in Wonderland & Through the Looking glass but Alice in Wonderland ONLY . Very irritating.There is really nothing positive to say about this edition , the formatting is about par for a cheap kindle book . It 's manageable but disappointing . If I were reviewing `` Alice in wonderland '' then I may have given it a 3-star review but as it is was inappropriately titled the entire experience is a disappointment.I wish there was some way to preview Kindle editions -LRB- screenshots etc -RRB- before purchasing them . You can read sample chapters but in this situation it would not have revealed that this is really only Alice in Wonderland . But it was a bargain and such things are always a bit of a crapshoot .
 It 's a fantastic book , of course , and it certainly does n't need me to praise it as millions have done before . It 's probably one of the most unique things ever written
 This is about the font size , NOT the content . Gardner 's comments are about a 5 pt . -LRB- i.e. , smaller than used by newspapers for legal notices -RRB- . Had I known , I would have gotten the hard back edition .
 I purchased the Penguin kindle edition in June 2012 . ASIN
 the layout on my kindle with the poems is dreadfull and not what i expect for a book i have purchased i will download free versions in the future
 I was really disappointed when I received this item . Firstly , it is printed in a strange format . I think it 's 8.5 x11 . It basically looks like someone typed it up in MS Word and printed it out on standard printer paper , I could have done that . I chose to buy the book so it looked more like a book.Second , the intro page where the publisher shows off all their other work , a bunch of the titles have the f word in it . I would n't give this to kids to read.Very disappointed , but not sure if it 's worth sending back to Amazon . Probably just dump it in the trash .
 This is the least appealing edition of these two wonderful works that I 've ever beheld . Whoever would want them in typewritten form , on letter-size pages , lookinglike an official transcript of court proceedings ? No illustrations , either -- neither the classic Tenniel drawings nor any modern work . We ordered this for a gift to a child , but no child would give it a second glance . I ca n't imagine an adult reader reading it in this dull format , either . There is n't even a table of contents -- it 's just a solid mass of typewriting .
 I ordered the Penguin Classics version of this book , and the seller shipped me the Signet Classics version .
 Ugh , I found both `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' & `` Through the Looking Glass '' to be thoroughly frustrating and painstaking to read . Both novels were way too wacky and filled with continuous , non-stop bizarre nonsense , that it became to distracting to read at times . There were several times that I had wanted to stop reading each novel , but persevered only because I wanted to see why these two novels are such beloved classics.However , I do n't understand why these two novels are so beloved . They are just too bizarre ... Was Lewis Carroll on some sort of drugs while writing these novels or what ?
 Ok , so everyone says that Alice in Wonderland was such a wonderful book , yes , yes , I am aware . But , I thought it was very confusing and all the characters were very stupid . I mean , it 's not even a book about anything . Sure , it 's trying to say that shes is growing up in the process of the dumb dream world but who cares?It was a bad way to write a story , or better yet it was a bad story to write about in the 1st place .
 I am sure this book must be beautiful but I never received it from this seller . They took the money out of my account and did not send me the book .
 I dont get why old books like these are called `` classics '' . I 've seen the cartoon as a kid and wanted to read the original book to see what made it so special . Now I know that its not special . Its a lot of nonsense , thats a little creative , but nothing that really takes you away from reality . A lot of the characters are unique , but only appear for a brief period and are n't fully developed -LRB- or even partialy -RRB- . Usually I 'm a bad critic because its easy for me to enjoy anything , but I 've had a tough time getting through this one , I dont even think its a good childrens book , they 'll say the same thing I do . BORING . Save the $ 3 and buy yourself a cup of coffee , you 'll find yourself more entertained with measuring out the sugar and cream and more satisfied to sip on that than to power through this .
 I bought this book for my wife . She loves it . It brings back old memories . Maybe when she is finished she will let me read it .
 The pink flamingos are adorable , which makes it all the more disappointing when they start rubbing off from the second you remove the price sticker .
 I did receive my book within the time frame I was given . However , when I emailed them for a tracking number , I never heard a reply until now . It took 7 months to get the tracking number for my book . Although I did get my book , I am urging you to think twice before buying from this company . I value customer service very highly ; 7 months in unacceptable.NOTE
 `` Sublime nonsense '' - is the nutshell that this book is . It 's not cleverness - its just randomness disquised as cleverness . It just tosses a bunch of nothing together , shakes it up , mixes in a curious and rude little girl who 's rudeness pales next to the characters she encounters in Wonderland . Those thousand monkeys at typewriters would produce something along these lines before getting to Shakespeare . For some reason , I never read this when I was discovering Narnia or Oz . Ormondroyd 's `` David & the Phoenix '' has the spirit I expected to encounter in Caroll 's book . Instead - this book starts nowhere and ends nowhere . And perhaps that is the nonsense that some find pleasing . For me it was simply distracting . The whole idea of the world 's we create ourselves is a notion I have always been drawn to . Wonderland is n't even a world much less a persuasive daydream . Nothing there matters . And Alice just skips off at the end , leaving her sister to forecast a bit of standard drivel about the day when they will be grownups but always have their childhood inside . Meh .
 Do n't buy the Kindle edition hoping to see the wonderful illustrations described in the product information . The Kindle edition is text only !
 I purchased this book because I was specifically lo0king for the sequel , Through the Looking-Glass . I already have `` Alice '' , and for free . This edition claims Looking Glass in its title , but only includes Alice . Do not be fooled . Get Alice for free and skip this misleading version .
 This mass market paperback edition of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking Glass by Signet classics is MISSING A LINE on page 37 during the mouse 's poem . Another reviewer noted this as well . I do n't know why this edition has sold so well and garnered such positive reviews when there is an obvious error . I purchased it after reading that review and thinking he must be mistaken , but he is right , it is there .
 I purchased this edition specifically because of the beautiful illustrations that were referenced in the Amazon review . I wanted to read it to my 6y . o. who NEEDS illustrations . There are none . Also , the print is very small , making it a bit of a task to read .
 This threadbare bargain-priced edition may seem like a deal , but consider before purchasing that it has no table of contents , no introduction , no forward , no illustrations , and no bibliography . Adding insult to injury , the layout of this edition is easily one the worst ever for a reprint , with all words that originally appeared in italics for emphasis printed here in big block caps , as if the typesetting was done by an abrasive kid trying to get attention in an on line chat ... IF YOU GET WHAT I MEAN.If you really want to explore and experience Lewis Carroll 's classic , getThe Annotated Alice
 Last week I downloaded the free version of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . All the poetry was missing from it . I did n't realize it right away until I got to the chapter with the Mock Turtle . So , I came across this version and it was very appealing because I thought I was getting both books for just 99 cents . At first I was mostly satisfied since I saw the poetry , but the formatting of the book was weird . There would be a line of text and then the next line would only have a couple words . Also , this download only has Alice in Wonderland . This review is supposed to be for `` Alice in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glasss '' , but after you download the book the cover says `` Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland '' . Somebody made a huge mistake somewhere and now I have to go buy Through the Looking-Glass .
 I was super sad when this book arrived :-LRB- The print was sooooo small that no one wanted to read it . When purchasing the book on Amazon there was no `` preview '' of the pages or inside of the book . I guess that I learned my lesson . I ended up purchasing a different Alice 's Adventures In Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass book so that we could read a book that had larger print . I was not happy with this book , and would not recommend it to anyone if you enjoy `` normal '' size print . This was really tiny !!!!! The book arrived in good shape and the shipping was satisfactory .
 I fully expected this book to be illistrated . obviously the reviews I read were for another publication . Without the trippy artwork , the book is just no fun to read .
 This purports to be a compilation of `` Alice '' , but in fact contains only the full text of `` Through the Looking Glass ''
 I thought Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland was what the Disney movie was based on , and Through the Looking Glass was another adventure she had . But that is not the case here . The Disney movie version is based on a combination of both books . I think this is important to mention , as it will hardly be like the movie version we all know.I love the movie -LRB- both the 1951 Disney classic and the new Tim Burton version -RRB- and figured I would love the book as well , but this book screwed with me . I have always had a vivid imagination , but never non-sensical imagination . That is exactly what Mr. Carroll had when he wrote this book . The book does , however , contain many of the beloved movie characters - the caterpillar , the white rabbit , Queen of Hearts , Mad Hatter , Dormouse , and of course , the Cheshire cat.Overall , the two stories amused me and kept me entertained , but I would not read them again . I am glad to have read them , though , as Alice 's tale is a classic one .
 `` Alice in Wonderland '' was required reading for one of my present classes , if this had not been the case , I 'm certain I would not have finished it for the sake of enjoyment . I admit this story has good points as well as bad ; it would not have survived nearly so long if it did not . In my opinion , however , the good did not outweigh the bad.One of the strong points of this story is familiarity ; the vast majority of us have had some experience with this book , usually as a child ; we have heard the story , read a condensed version or seen a film or television portrayal . We have seen little girls dress up like Alice on Halloween ; and who does n't personally know The White Rabbit , The Cheshire Cat or the Queen of Hearts ? Perhaps there 's a degree of nostalgia that comes from revisiting these old childhood friends.In addition to being familiar , this story also has the charming quality of feeling as if it had been pulled directly out of a child 's imagination . By that , I mean it does n't follow the rules that have been set up by adults , either scientific or social . So , if you fall down a well shaft in Wonderland , not only are you likely to live , you may also be able to examine the trinkets placed on the shelves , perhaps even get in a few winks as you fall.In this book , nothing is what it seems -LRB- unless you are familiar enough with the story -RRB- ; a baby may mutate into a pig and run off snorting ; a couple of card soldiers may spend an afternoon painting white roses red in order to avoid losing their heads , this is all perfectly normal in Wonderland . Perhaps it is even this strange quality that has made this story so popular . It was n't enough for me however , to make up for what it lacks . This book did n't move along purposefully enough for me to enjoy it or care what happened next . It also had a strange dream-like quality and I do n't mean surreal or day-dreamy . It was dream-like because it was a jumble of random scenes that did n't really interrelate . We often fill in the gaps when we retell our dreams so in that they make sense to us and frankly so that they are worth telling to someone else . This is the impression that I had of Alice in Wonderland ; unstructured and random . The only real goal of the main character was to follow the white rabbit and even that failed as a motive fifty percent of the time . Alice is simply moved haphazardly through a sequence of strange encounters and then wakes up . Because of this , I did n't feel anticipation , I did n't hope for anything , and I did n't have any sense of closure when the story ended ; which are the elements that I feel make a story worth reading .
 I bought this book as a teaching tool for some of my beginning students , since I have one that wants to go rock , one classical , and one jazz . The arrangement for Fur Elise was a nice piece for a quick-learning beginner to study accidentals , and the arrangements for `` All the Things You Are '' and `` Misty '' have been helpful in beginning some jazz studies . Otherwise , I agree that a lot of the arrangements are off , and while there is a large variety of songs , I find that there are a lot of them that I would not have chosen for a book that presumes to call itself `` The Greatest '' . As a teacher , though , there are a few things in here that I have found useful ... although , I would prefer that the book did n't have tablature .
 This book is a total waste of money . maybe one out of the 100 songs included in this book is right . The chord listings are way off , and the songs sound terrible if u try to play them the way they are in the book . i made the mistake of wasting my time and money ordering this book . Dont be like me learn from my mistake . THIS BOOK IS HORRIBLE !
 This travel book was very disappointing . The book is broken out by neighborhood but does a very poor job organizing the information , particularly if you do n't want to follow their guide step-by-step . Directions were off and the restaurant information was way out-dated , which is a definite no-no for a foodie 's paradise like Hong Kong . That said , if this is your first time to HK and you have no idea how or where to begin , this might prove handy . If you 're looking to really explore the neighborhoods and learn about the culture , consider your options .
 I used this on a trip to both Hong Kong and Macau with my adult son . It 's ok for a basic guide , but it was n't very helpful . I tossed it out when I checked out of the hotel .
 After ascertaining that this was the best market guide for me to purchase in order to get my novel published I gladly ordered it . Well , they do n't include a great deal of reputable literary agents -LRB- who are constantly in the trades -RRB- . Example
 Trotsky 's approach on the subject of literature , culture and art , is a typical Marxist one with the usual class analysis and the base - superstructure relationship that dominates most Marxist texts . However , `` Literature & Revolution '' is a rare historical application of Marxism on culture , with the advantage of being written by such a talented writer as Trotsky.The analysis of Trotsky focuses around the Russian Revolution of 1917 , as he compares pre-revolutionary literature , post-revolutionary literature , and the possibilities of the future art , culture and literature of society , discussing the possibility -LRB- or not -RRB- of a `` proletariat culture '' emerging in the Soviet Union . Of course , `` Literature & Revolution '' concerns itself with other subjects , such as criticism of literature trends during the early 20th century , and a Marxist interpretation of the history of culture . The central point , however , that Trotsky is coming back to , is the Russian Revolution of the Bolsheviks , and its implications for the future , as well as its undeniable relevance to the Marxist theory of history.For Trotsky , the Russian Revolution of 1917 was a proletariat revolution , establishing the proletariat class as the ruling class of society by enforcing the dictatorship of the proletariat and driving society towards Socialism . It was undoubtedly in his eyes the new stage of history and human development that had been advocated by Marx in the previous century.And here lies the problem with Trotsky 's analysis . The Bolshevik Revolution established neither `` the dictatorship of the proletariat '' nor the new historical stage of Socialism . Rather , it established the rule of a new bureaucracy , based on the centralized state and party apparatus , the use of political terror , and the absence of any political freedoms to the people of Russia . The Revolution itself was a direct contradiction to the Marxist theory of history , which advocated that a Revolution would break out in developed capitalist countries with a proletariat majority population such as Germany and Britain . In contrast , Russia was neither a developed capitalist country -LRB- rather , an agricultural one -RRB- , nor did it had a large proletariat population -LRB- in fact 85 % of Russia 's population belonged to the peasantry and only 2-3 % of the total population was part of the proletariat working class -RRB- . By the 1920s , the Soviet Union had already become a dictatorship of a new ruling class , the political elite of the Communist party , with the Communists , whose members were only a tiny fraction of the proletariat class -LRB- which in itself was only 3 % of the total population -RRB- monopolizing every instrument of political power and enjoying a luxurious lifestyle in the residences of the old regime 's upper classes.Therefore , the disillusionment of Trotsky with the situation in the Soviet Union , in my opinion , renders his critique and analysis useless and bankrupt in itself . Such an absence from reality can be justified for people such as John Creed or prince Kropotkin , but not from a man that played a central role in the events of the Bolshevik Revolution and the Russian civil war.One would argue that I am becoming technical and loosing the point . However , Trotsky bases his analysis on the Marxist theory of the development of history , which he was convinced that its predictions were been unfolded in-front of him . When the theory of the development of history is in direct contradiction with reality , a Marxist analysis which is based on it simply falls apart - and such is the case with `` Literature & Revolution '' . And while other Marxist works , such as those of Marx and Lenin , had a tremendous impact in world history , Trotsky 's works , with perhaps `` The Revolution Betrayed '' being the exception , are historically of no significant importance . Their influence is limited to ideological discussions of the far-left . This book apparently belongs to where its thinker 's ideas are , in the dustbin of history.I am giving this book 2 stars only because of the outstanding edition of this book . The effort put by the publisher in the book is impressive . The absence of any significant historical impact of the book and the historical inaccuracies that directly affect the author 's argument do not justify the book for a higher rating .
 Pages of the sonatas I was playing came loose and eventually fell out . I had to use sticky tape to keep them in . Not very good quality as far as binding goes . On certain pages the printing was very light and I had to redraw in the staff lines .
 I ordered the urtext edition of Mozart Sonatas and Three Fantasias on December 26 , 2009 . I received it January 26 , 2010 . There was no explanation why it took a month to ship.Also , some of the music print is missing above the first line
 Lots of basic , common-sense advice . Low score because book spends a deal of time cross-plugging other Haldane books and promoting their consultant services . I 'd say the book is a good buy to get you motivated and remind you of do 's and do n'ts before an interview .
 This is not an espionage thriller as the cover and title of this book would have you beleive . The vast majority of the content in this book is about how two people working in the CIA fall in love with each other and how they are so excited being around one another . I for one , and i think most people would agree , think that someone who would buy this book would be interested in the CIA and the history of the cold war . This book has nearly nothing to do with either of those subjects ! Their are some good parts to this book but they are overshadowed by a love story . This book would be better catogorized as a romance novel !
 I was looking forward to reading this book because I had heard the authors discussing it on the Book Channel on TV . However , reading the book was like seeing a movie in which all of the interesting acting and action is in the trailer.Specifically , while there is constant reference to the clever disguises the authors ' used in various situation there was virtually no discription of what those disguises were or what was so clever about them . Since the events described took place 16 years ago and the Soviet Union no longer exists , national security is not a credible excuse for these omissions.In addition , there are many internal inconsistencies and improbable scenes . For example , there is a detailed discription of the clever way one of the authors got into a Soviet facility in SE Asia in order to case it for later surruptitious entry . Then the next paragraph or so we are told that much earlier the place had already been internally cased and described in detail by the guys making the incursion . So what was all of the secretive photographing of the compound after that . Why was that necessary.Problems like this make it difficult to believe the reliability of other events they describe , even if they did n't show up as internal inconsistencies.In addition to all of this it was very poorly written in both book structure and sentence structure . I would have liked to have gotten my money back if I could have .
 This book needed an editor . I felt as if the authors were trying to increase their page count by putting in way too many descriptors about things that did n't need describing.The love story is ridiculous . It is forced into the narrative like a square peg in a round hole . I skipped all the things about `` our eyes met , and I felt myself blush '' etc. . Come on Jonna , you are a master of disguise and you ca n't disguise the fact that you slept with your boss the night before?The spy story is interesting , although lacking some details understandably to protect on-going missions.A beach read .
 WOW ... I never thought a publishing house would allow a book to be published without having an editor read it first . The authors desperately needed to employ a ghostwriter for assistance.The story line is almost impossible to follow , the personal references to their `` love story '' are dull and self-serving and they left out significant and I might add , much required details of operations , planning and ending results all that made this book a real time -LRB- and money -RRB- waster.The storyline , billed as a look behind secret spy techniques and operations , has in reality , little to do about spying , operations , the Cold War or the CIA . You can learn more from a bad James Bond movie . The other review recommending it be classified as a romance novel is correct . This book seems to have been written as a personal memoir not for mass consumption .
 Interesting memoirs from the `` CIA spies ' make-up artists : '' Antonio and Jonna Mendez . Most interesting to me was the -LRB- perhaps unintended -RRB- sub-text about the dysfunctional management and leadership of the CIA 's clandestine services -- bosses from hell , unconscionable working hours and conditions -LRB- in DC , not to mention overseas -RRB- , rampant brainless cowboyism , Spy versus Spy comic strip idiocy . Sidney Riley must be spinning in his grave . `` The Company '' had a long reputation for treating women badly and this book helps us see why 800 + female employees sued CIA for discrimination and won . Whether these two CIA vets , or the CIA itself , had anything to do with winning the Cold War is by no means shown in this book . The pictures are worth a look .
 The book was boring and i found the context to be a bit plain and dull . The title had me looking forward to reading of cool gadgets and missions , although in escence , again , it was dull
 Spy Dust starts out well , a nonfiction story about a retired CIA operative who now paints . It 's descriptions of foreigncountries are very good , since you can get a feel for those places without visiting them . I now point out two good pointsand three bad points about this book.The good points :1 . As I stated , the descriptions of foreign countries are not CIA boilerplate , hence they are worth reading .2 . The book shows teamwork within the CIA , not some lone CIA NAC who brushes her teeth with barbed wire every morning.The bad points :1 . The chances of beating KGB surveillance as described in this book are zero , especially since this particularscenario is set in Russia . Hence the title of this review
 If you purchase this book expecting to experience an exciting behind the scenes look at the shadowy world of international espionage , be forewarned . The authors spend many , many pages interweaving their personal love lives into the narrative . Personally , I was not that interested in reading how the female protagonist fell in love with her boss and left her husband -LRB- in that order -RRB- . Too much writing about how the male protagonist 's teeth `` flashed in the sunlight '' and not enough about the how 's and whys of their respective trades .
 This book virtually does n't have a storyline . It is rather a collection of loose narratives of spies walking or driving around cities overseas in the Cold War era . There 's nothing new or of interest to historians or anyone interested in surveillance techniques . The only `` Moscow rule '' the authors repeat over and over is `` one is an accident , two is coincidence , three is enemy action '' . They took it from Ian Fleming 's `` Goldfinger '' ! C'mon , is `` Goldfinger '' a textbook in the CIA Academy ? I doubt so . A lot of ink is wasted on the author 's middle age love affair no one is interested about . Read a James Bond novel instead - at least , there 's some action besides the love story .
 Romeo and Juliet is a tragic story written by the very famous English writer William Shakespeare.There are many books about this story and some movies were also made.The story is about one young man named Romeo and a young woman named Juliet . Unluckily they fall in love.Each one of them is from a different family , Juliet of the Capulets and Romeo of the Montagues.This two families had been feuding from a lot of years ago.Friar Lawrence married Romeo and juliet , who becouse o killing an enemy -LRB- juliet 's cousin -RRB- in the streets of Verona was banished.Juliet escape from verona to mantua were romeo was but because of a miss understanding plan both end dead . Romeo and juliet is a sad story about two youngs that wanted to lived in a free love but the family did n't permmited.It is a difficult story specially the one written in a form of a play but it is good .
 A cute book , but contains very little information for all of its promise . The authors are busy making jokes but not talking about the nitty gritty of restoration . Maybe it is to hard to do since every job presents its own challanges . I just found the content thin . I am sorry I purchased it . If I could have found a copy in my local library , I would have saved some money .
 I was surprised first off that 's it 's not an actual book but spiral bounded . The information was very hard to understand . The information contradicts information I found on a site that suggests this book , so I was dissapointed in that . I hate that I just spent $ 25 on something I wo n't ever use .
 I CA N'T TELL U WHAT I THINK OF THIS BOOK , BECAUSE I 'M STILL WAITING FOR IT , !!! 8 MONTHS LATER , SO I GUESS I 'LL HAVE TO DO THE RESTORATION ON MY OWN , I 'M NOT GIT 'N ANY YOUNGER ... THANX !
 I was hoping to glean some new information from this book . Although I already consider myself an `` inner circle '' assistant , there is always something new to learn . I can say that I did n't get very much substance from the book -LRB- unless you count all the notes that I should put in my laptop case or write in my notebook that I have embossed with my initials -- both suggested by Ms. Burge -RRB- . There were large parts of it that I finally just skimmed because it was so boring.If you are an administrative professional who is in they early stages of your career , this may be a good book for you . If you 've been in an upper-level administrative role for a period of time , I 'd recommend skipping this book . The good thing for the author is that I bought her second book when I bought the first . Otherwise , I 'm fairly certain I would n't have made another puchase . I hope my second review will be better .
 Although the book covers quite a bit in its 250-some pages , it lacks serious substance . While it motivates those in the administrative field to take charge and harbor an invincible positive attitude , it offers little direction or guidance beyond that . Noted in the Acknowledgements that the book was a 35-year work in progress , it shows . Many sections seem brief or entirely cut off with no direction or conclusion and the book flits through sections with no clear path . There 's a lot of build up and no real answers to the questions that plague those in this profession . The entire book left me wanting to know more , but not giving me a whole lot I did n't already know .
 I dont know if this book has valuable information or not . It is as boring and dry as a communion wafer so I did n't make it past page 50 . I 'm a 100 % non-fiction girl , so when I say it 's boring , you can trust me , its boring !
 The book presents a unique opportunity for readers to experience many of the same things that are offered in the Star Series `` Excellence in Performance '' , if they do n't have the opportunity to participate in the series.The book is an alternative source of information that is available to interested participants/individuals who want to experience and support being a part of the inner circle philosophy . Taking and changing the stereotype of the secretary from someone that just answered the telephone -LRB- s -RRB- and `` kept secrets '' , into basically a working functioning partner for the individuals they are assisting.The book described several categories from learning how to communicate better and making decisions , to having enough savvy and intelligence information to allow your leader to spend time on other critical projects that require their time .
 I get pretty tired of hearing that Paul Berman is a liberal or a leftist . If his is , then he is a fifth-columnist . He supported Reagan 's illegal wars in Central America in the 1980s for much the same reasons he now supports Bush 's wars in Iraq , Afghanistan , and all over the Muslim world . He does not understand Sayyd Qutb at all . Qutb did understand the US quite well . He was tortured and murdered by the CIA working through the Egyptian police . He wanted the CIA out of Egypt and he was right to think that . No one is an extremist for wanting foreign occupiers out of their country . Why Berman ca n't see this can only be attributed to his blind faith in the benevolence in American imperialism . Berman is just another apologist for American imperialism . No liberal or leftist would ever take that position . Berman is a right-winger .
 The whole theory behind this book is flawed . I think what Berman is talking about is one small part of a whole phenomenon that has manifested itself increasingly in the last few years , namely the phenomenon of religious Absolutism -LRB- i.e. Religious Fundamentalism -RRB- . It exists increasingly in all major religions , i.e. Christianity , Islam , Hinduism , and Jewish religions . Actually the so called war against terrorism is basically a war between manifestations of that absolutism in the U.S. , The Arab/Muslim world , and Israel . The major problem , that we are facing is that Islamic religious absolutism , is a great recruitment for christian , jewish , and Hindu religious absolutism , and vice versa . Good and evil , Black and White , us and them , believers and non believers , chosen and non chosen people , are the common language used to express religious absolutism . If liberals and religious pragmatists can not change this vocabulary , than we are in for some crazy times in this world .
 Berman seems to consider Qutb , Tariq Ramadan and Bin Laden etc. to be part of the Islamist totalitarian movement -LRB- s -RRB- . I am not sure he really gets the Islamists.He immediately advocats retaliation by the US for credibility 's sake . Now , I am not a pacifist -LRB- too pragmatic for that principl -RRB- but attacking because that would make us a credible opponent sounds too much like bullies in schools.Overall , the book is bad . Ideas do n't seem to be well-developed or are just plain bad . I think Berman is hindered by his lack of detailed knowledge of political Islam . Also , it would have helped if he had worked to make it a bigger and more intellectual book than the popular read it is . Berman tries to compare the Islamists with the totalitarian ideologues of the 20th century , i.e , the fascists and the communists . His contention is that there are lots of similarities between all these groups . For example , they all define both internal and external threats . This is fine as far as it goes but Berman does not go beyond a superficial level in his comparison . You have to take a lot of stuff on faith . How exactly is this similar to the fight against the communists ? Berman never really does justice to this question . Plus he seems to know little about Islam and Muslims . Overall , a waste of time .
 Here 's a typical example of why Berman 's book is not just politically reactionary , but worthless
 Despite a fair summary of Qutb and a few critical comments about Sharon , Berman defends aggressive attacks on the `` enemy '' . The book and thesis are essentially sophomoric simplification that seems to have impressed -LRB- from plaudits printed inside -RRB- numerous other unqualified readers who know the subject no better . It meets emotional needs for some but adds no depth of understanding . . The thesis is a defense of aggression based on little more that Pop Psychology about totalitarianism and `` suicidal '' violence - referring to Camus but lacking his broader understanding . Broad categories and labels are grotesquely inaccurate lumping Islamic Fundamentalists together and describing them as Fascist and Totalitarian . There is considerable diversity in the real world with some ready to participate in elections , and most who are not terrorists . Many are concerned almost exclusively with their own homelands . In the case of Iraq a secular , anti Fundamentalist , enemy of Al Qaeda was the US target . Consider too that there are proportionally probably more Christian Fundamentalists in the US than Muslim ones outside Saudi and Afghanistan . The history -LRB- including questionable conclusions describing the fall of France to the Nazis as solely from `` liberal/socialist '' lack of backbone -RRB- and psychology -LRB- sex , suicide , and totalitarianism are a syndrome -RRB- are not valid . They do , however , serve as propaganda demonizing Muslims in support of US and Israeli state counter terror . Again they provide a reason to avoid looking at the real issues and grievances resulting from those policies or the essential source of terror training and broad contacts from the CIA and ISI trained alumni of the Afghan-US war against the Soviets in Central Asia . -LRB- These are the folks whose leaders trained in the US and who were called , like the Contras , `` the moral equivalent of our founding Fathers '' by Reagan ! -RRB- At least Berman 's book it is not quite the insult to one 's intelligence as explaining 9-11 by `` they are jealous of our freedoms '' but it is just as muddled thinking and equally motivated by propaganda rather than serious analysis - just this time for a book rather than a sound bite .
 It is all too obvious
 Probably the reason Paul Berman does n't write about good `` Third Force '' alternatives is because there are n't any . It 's just a dirty deal that probably wo n't get done .
 Paul Berman 's attempt to make a case for war on Iraq is based on anecdotal evidence that so far has not been borne out.The first part of the book is his attempt to ` prove ' he is a liberal.Sir , I really do n't care if you are a zebra . You were co-opted by the conservatives you so despised . What a fool!Berman 's arguments for war are based on discursive ` facts ' and hearsay . His arguments for a liberal regime in Iraq are also faulty . And his discussion of ` terrorism ' fails to convince.Right now , you are probably very disconcerted how things have turned out -LRB- no WMD -RRB- but your rationale -LRB- ` but Sadam was a WMD . ' -RRB- is a weak case for a first strike.Leave this book for the political science class of 2053 as they try to make ` sense ' of the Iraq War and how ` rational ' people could have supported such a lark .
 I am not going to spend the time and effort to discredit this obvious neo-con view of the Middle East , but merely to identify it as such . Do some research about the author and you will see that he is certainly no progressive , disillusioned or otherwise , on Middle East matters . If you want to read more than you already have about the neo-con view of things on this subject , you may want to pick up this book ; otherwise , it is a poor choice .
 This book is totally out of line , the author seems to me too extremist and biased with his statist and reactionary view . Even the government admits that there are no dangerous weapons in Iraq , the so called WMDs war is not about religion fundamentalism or to fight religion-terrorism but about oil . Another of the author 's labeling is to equally label all progressive movements as terrorists . He places all communists and leftists along the line with criminals , fascists , nazis , and extremists . This is a Ronald Reagan , Churchill , Mussolini type of statist and reactionary language used by neo-cons think-tanks to destroy opposite views . We have to point out that religion have always been used by empires and states to rule people . Religion and religious language is used by governmnets to fool and opiate the masses into wars and the government agendas . Another wrong point i see is that there was no physical evidence of the link between the events of 9-11 , Saddam Hussein and Bin Laden . The author bases himself on absolute blind faith instead of sound arguments backed by credible evidence , he even bashes the award winning literary professor Noam Chomsky . So do your self a favor , do n't believe the corporate-media , the reactionary writters and think for yourself first , question the authorities and what they tell you through the media , books , etc. .
 This book is nothing but rubbish directed against intellectuals and thinkers to counter the so-called Islamic threat . Mr. Berman tries to convince his readers that the Islam teaches terrorism and hate , but he does not want to be in the same pot as Salman Rushtie , so he hides behind Syyed Qutb -LRB- may God be pleased with him -RRB- . Syyed Qutb gave his life to tell the TRUTH and spread to all the humanity . It is too bad that Mr. Berman has chosen to turn his back from God and justice . This book is nothing but stupid propaganda from so called expert .
 A fairly typical who dunnit . I found it almost boring . I would have like more . But , there is already too much of this genre .
 Some sections of this book I found to be quite neat to look through , but how difficult would it have been to include the ACTUAL Transformer toys themselves ??? I know he has another book for that , but at the price paid for this book , it would have been nice to at least have reference photos of the vintage -LRB- 80 's -RRB- action figures along with all the other stuff -LRB- would 've been 18-20 more pages maybe -RRB- . Some of the sections in the book get monotonous -LRB- trying to get excited about collecting every book published about Transformers is a tough request -RRB- , and I found myself thinking `` who cares ? '' more than once . Overall , I think this is maybe a $ 19.95 book , but not more than that as I 've purchased many many more collector oriented books that were better AND cheaper than this one .
 This book was absolutely rotten ! The cover was awesome and so I was misled into buying it ! There was absolutely no backgound onchartacters so it is impossible to get `` caught up '' in the story.Not romantic , not riveting . Blah ! I did n't care about the vague plot , I just wanted to get it over with ! I would never recommend this to anyone ! I read 20 to 30 books monthly and not all are `` keepers '' , but this was such a disapointment !! Do n't judge a book by it 's cover !!!!!
 Generally I find I can get into any romance novel . I like a wide variety of topics and storylines . This book was SO POORLY written and confusing to follow it made me dizzy . I am Never this hard on a book but I have never read one so haphazzardly thought out.The characters are very erratic and bipolar with no transition or thought put into explaining the emotions . Things that should be simply stated are overthought and expanded to the point of skipping paragraphs and pages at a time just to make it through one incident . Serously , save your money or go buy a latte !
 This book is horrible . The backstory of the characters is vague at best for over half of the book . Because their was no insight into Rowena and Wulf 's background - where their ideas and feelings are coming from - it was impossible for me to get emotionally involved with these people and their relationship . And if you ca n't become emotionally involved with the characters , then what 's the point of writing the book in the first place.Terrible read ! This book is headed for the trash can . I wish it was possible to give negative stars
 I 've never bothered to write a review before but that 's all I could think about when I was reading this book . I thought this is so bad I have to tell people not to waste their money . While I was reading this book I thought that the author must have a very good friend in the publishing business for her to have gotten this thing published . I have never bothered to remember an authors name to make sure not to buy another book from them but I will remember Helen Kirkman . Why do I not like it , well reading this book was like watching a movie that was out of focus most of the time or maybe like looking at it through an empty paper towel roll where you only get a glimpse at what is happening and the story breaks away and puts you in another seen and you do n't even know what the heck is going on . I finally decided when I was half way through the book just to skip through and read just parts of it to get to the end faster . I have to say it seemed no different then reading it chapter by chapter . It is too bad for this author that she got published too soon maybe she could have gotten better if she had some constructive criticism form friends . I love to read and hate to take an author off my list .
 I know England of 716 was n't a walk in the park , but come on , it 's a romance -LRB- is n't it ?? -RRB- . I could n't believe how dark and dismal this book was . I absolutely could n't tolerate it . I loved the cover and really hoped the book would be a reflection of it . But , sadly , you ca n't tell a book by its cover . As a history teacher , if I want to read how awful the life was in that time , I 'll read a textbook . If it 's in the romance section , I want romance . Not this dreck !!!
 In short , I could n't bring myself to finish this book due to Rowena 's abusive behavior . Great cover and very misleading .
 This book was mediocre . If you bought this book return it to the store and retrieve your money back .
 My wife is a footbal junkie . We were the first people in our known universe to spring for DirecTv and the NFL package . My son could sing the Eagles fight song before he could ask for a bottle -LRB- I 'm not kidding -RRB- . So when a Superbowl champion QB tells me he 's going deep on strategy , I think I 'm going to learn something . Well here it is
 Ok ... first of all this book was dissapointing to me because i view Jerry Spinelli as being a very good author and being able to catch the reader 's attention . This book just was n't his best quality and im sure he could have done better . If you are interested in Jerry SPinelli then u should try reading Crash or Wringer . Both of those i enjoyed alot .
 A heartless story of a girl named Sunny , that is truly disgusting and absurd .
 I was excited to see that Janette Oke had written two more books for her Canadian West series -LRB- my favorite of all her books -RRB- about the Delaney 's kids . Either the quality of her writing has diminished or my literary taste has matured ; either way , these two books were not that great . The sixth one was especially aggravating ! The character development was poor ; the plot was choppy . It was as if the author was trying to minimize words , frequently giving summaries of what had just occurred , rather than allowing you to enjoy it yourself . Without spoiling , the romance aspect of this book completely failed , and was completely unbelievable . Stick with the original four and skip the latter two .
 I was totally let down when christene did n't go back for Laray ! The ending was so lame ! It 's almost like she was tired and wanted to end the series ! Poor laray I liked him better than Eric !! The whole car accident thing what is that ??? Not worth the money . And all elizabeth does is worry worry worry !
 The book started exceedingly well but halfway through meandered and got lost . Rather poor especially considering the great promise it held at it 's commence .
 i love the way this book gives you products to desgin that you will be doing at work . The projects templates that you can download are not available !!!
 I 'm having to use this book for a class at school and I have to say that I have never been so frustrated trying to follow the steps . I consider myself an intermediate -LRB- if not close to advanced -RRB- Illustrator user . I use it constantly for work , school , and other personal projects.This book has not made sense to me since I opened it . The steps are incomplete , not specific enough , and the lack of graphics makes it very very difficult to follow into the next step . If you are new to Illustrator , you will most likely be lost by the middle of every project . Not only that , but it seems this author likes to take the long and difficult way to get things done ! I could do these projects faster if my instructor would just say , `` Look at the final project example and do that '' rather than having to follow these vague , inconsistent steps.It 's absolutely unbelievable how horribly written this book is , with excessive typos and jumbled up steps that seem to be crammed together to save page space . The author also likes to go off on unrelated tangents in an attempt to be witty and amusing . Not to mention the seemingly inappropriate and suggestive comments , and one of the projects which was so offensive to me , I refused to do it for class at all.This book is insulting , frustrating , and just a complete mess . If you want to learn anything about Illustrator , please go elsewhere . I ca n't even think of anything this book is good for other than a headache -LRB- or to line your birdcage with -RRB- . Please do not buy it . Save yourself some time , money , and stress related illnesses .
 This is a serious book on psychology , not one of those `` how to '' popular books.To me it was very helpful , it helpsto understand oneself better.I reccomend it warmly .
 The stories are interesting and a nice read in this book , but some written or even televised fairytale shows can deliver a lot more than this book , without the preach .
 This is a very hard read , very deep and one must truly truly be alone on an island to read this book
 I read this book hoping for a little insight and perspective from an educated women and found myself abysmally disappointed . This book failed to capture not only my interest but the interest of every person I lent it to . Pinhola makes exceedingly long reaches to arrive at primitive conclusions -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , and fails to integrate the slightest hint of logic into her tales that supposedly incorporate a new feminist theory . If this is an `` I am woman , hear me roar '' chant , it is sure to back fire , serving only to show those of us who already know we 're worth something that there are some women who keep our gender from advancing and being taken seriously ! I strongly recommend that any reader who needs some encouragement and empowerment to find another book with factual , interesting psychology that may be legitimately and appropriately applied to her life .
 A total waste of time and money .
 You too can write a book . Take half a dozen folk tales and surround each one with endless -LRB- and I do mean endless -RRB- psychobabble.Save your time and money . Skip this book .
 Unbelievably bizarre that this book has a following at all . 41/2 stars ?!? Only the ignorant and naive will find value in this drivel.Whatever answers you seek , look for them elsewhere.The road author Estes paves leads nowhere .
 I did n't like it at all . Talks of building strength but lacks thespiritual side of life . Which is where our inner strength comes from.KC Seattle , Wa
 I had to live with someone at school who took this book very literally , word for word , and really did believe that she 'd been conducting her life in an entirely wrong way up until she bought this piece of feminist propaganda . If you want to think that you are oppressed simply because you are female and that partriarchy is the root of all evil in the world , then maybe this is the kind of narcissistic reading you require in order to get through the day . If you have any self-esteem at all , however , you will see this book for what it is , mildly amusing and thought-provoking but not especially intellectual or `` deep '' . Archeptypes and mythology are neat to think about , but impractical if you regard them as role-models for personal conduct and everyday living . Get out of your head and live down in your body where you belong and common sense will carry you through the day better than this kind of self-help book that makes women feel sterile and only half-alive for not daring to be `` wild '' of their own accord .
 I take issue with so many people telling me what is `` wrong '' with me . The glut on the market of self-fix-it books astounds me . This is just another one couched in a camouflaging swirl of pseudo-feminist jargon . The myths are fun , though . I happen to think all myths surround a kernel of truth . Unfortunately it is possible to arrive at many distortions of truth through interpretation , just like this author.Bottom line ? I did n't think much of the book . There is nothing new here . There is nothing `` wrong '' with me . There is very likely nothing `` wrong '' with you . We are not broken . We do not need fixing . We are merely being human and learning .
 Started this book for my bookclub ... found it very disconnected and boring . My friend suggested I skip ahead a bit and see how I felt then . Still bored ! Do n't think it is even worth the one cent I paid for it . I do n't need some wacky book to tell me who I am !
